AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) — Augusta swept its doubleheader against Paine on Saturday.
The men's team cruised to an 85-56 win, while the women's team battled for a 69-66 victory.
Press Releases
Courtesy: Augusta University Athletics
AUGUSTA, Ga. – The Augusta University men's basketball team met Paine College in Christenberry Fieldhouse on Saturday night for the annual crosstown non-conference matchup. The Jaguars led by as much as 29 and won 85-56 down the stretch.
Augusta moved to 4-3 overall on the season, as Paine went to 1-8 on the young year. The Jags are now 18-3 against Paine College since the 1999-00 season and are 15-1 with head coach Dip Metress at the helm.
Junior Tyvez Monroe was two points shy of their career-high with 22 points to lead AU. Junior Deane Williams and first-year student Troy Cracknell carded 10 points each and senior Tamyrik Fields scored 16 points.
Augusta shot 53.4 percent (31-of-58) from the field and held Paine to 32.2 shooting (19-of-59). The Jags were 8-for-12 (66.7 percent) from three-point range, while PC was 6-for-22 (27.3 percent).
The Lions' bench outscored Augusta 41-30, but the Jaguars fast-pace offense proved too much. AU scored the first basket of the night and led 31-19 with 7:32 to go in the first half, after Monroe made their third trey of the night. The advantage stayed to Augusta and went into the break on top 47-29.
The Jags held at least a 20-point lead for the first 10 minutes of the second half and never trailed the rest of the way
The Jags continue Peach Belt Conference play on Sunday, Dec. 17 for a 1:30 p.m. tipoff with the Young Harris Mountain Lions in Christenberry Fieldhouse.
AUGUSTA, Ga. – The Augusta University women's basketball team met Paine College in Christenberry Fieldhouse on Saturday night for the annual crosstown non-conference matchup. The Jaguars won 69-66 in the final seconds of the game to keep Paine winless on the year.
Augusta moved to 2-3 overall on the season, as Paine went to 0-6. The Jags are now 16-3 against Paine since the 1999-00 season.
AU junior Brianna Middleton scored a career-high 20 points to lead the team and they added 10 rebounds. Senior Joshlyn Belcher had 15 points for the Jags and Moneisha Goldsborough and Malloy Myers each had nine.
AU shot 44.8 percent from the floor (26-for-58), while Paine was 44.4 percent shooting (28-of-63). Paine outscored the Jags 22-12 off turnovers, but the Jags owned the Lions 16-11 in the paint.
Paine took the first lead of the game, but the Jags cruised back and led 28-22 at the half. Belcher buried a trey to tie it at 11-all and Jahmia Bradley made a deep shot to give the Jags its first lead at 17-14.
Up by six to start the second half, AU gave up two uncontested three pointers and Paine only trailed 35-34 with 5:00 to play in the third quarter. The Jaguars were up 45-40 to start the final 10 minutes of play, thanks to Middleton beating the third-period buzzer with a fast-break layup.
Paine fought back to take a 57-52 lead with five minutes in the game. Bradley hit their second three balls of the night to pull AU within two, but the Lions leaped back ahead. Down by two with 20 seconds left, the Jags' Cynara Pittmade a one-handed shot to give the Jags a go-ahead basket and the win.
The Jags continue Peach Belt Conference play on Sunday, Dec. 17 for a 1:30 p.m. tipoff with the Young Harris Mountain Lions in Christenberry Fieldhouse.
March 30 Clere Ag
* FY annual net profit of 4.0 million euros ($4.30 million) (previous year: 32.8 million euros)
* FY earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) amounted to -3.0 million euros, compared to -6.7 million euros for previous year
* On balance sheet date, group had cash and cash equivalents of 139.6 million euros. Consequently, company has sufficient funds available for its business operations
* "In fiscal year 2017, we will concentrate on acquisition of additional operating companies in field of renewable energy. In long term, stable returns and corresponding dividends should be achieved" - says CEO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9301 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Eldie Llamas was only a 19-year-old mother in 1998 when they first encountered for themselves the biggest challenge of their life, a rare inheritable condition that afflicted their father and an uncle.
Doctors diagnosed their son Christian, then only six months old, to be one of about 1,500 Filipinos afflicted with hemophilia, an incurable blood condition that requires meticulous care and lifelong medical attention.
“Ang hirap tanggapin nung una [It was hard to accept at first],” said Eldie, who had hoped that, like their siblings, they would not be a carrier of the hemophilia gene that caused their father's death.
But it turned out that the Pampanga native was a carrier and passed on the gene to two other sons. Them fourth child, a girl, has not displayed symptoms of the condition.
An illness of royals
According to the Hemophilia Association of the Philippines for Love and Service Foundation Inc. (HAPLOS), hemophilia afflicts mostly males, but females are known to be carriers of the gene, like the 19th century British Queen Victoria, who passed the gene to many royal houses of Europe.
The World Federation of Hemophilia (WFH) said hemophiliacs are prone to bleeding and bleed longer than normal because of the lack of proteins –called factors – that cause blood to clot. Thus, infusions are essential to prevent spontaneous bleeding.
“Nakapanghihina ng loob sa tuwing nakikita ko silang nahihirapan [It's depressing when I see them suffer],” said Eldie, whose three sons have hemophilia A.
According to HAPLOS, people with hemophilia A do not have enough factor VIII in their blood which has to be infused. Those with the less common hemophilia B, on the other hand, do not have enough factor IX which also has to be infused.
The inability of the blood to clot usually affects internal organs and causes great pain in joints and muscles. Even the slightest injury can become life-threatening if not properly treated, said Reynaldo Sarmenta of HAPLOS.
A monarch's fortune
But unlike Queen Victoria who had a team of medical professionals around their hemophiliac son 24/7, Eldie and their husband Orlando do not have royal treasures and have had to borrow heavily over the years to raise a fortune for their children's medical needs.
There are times when they bleed twice a week, so the three boys have to get an infusion of Factor VIII also called antihemophilic factor which costs P4,800 per vial. That amounts to around P192,000 a week for maintenance alone.
If they bleed spontaneously, the younger boys, Miguel, 9 and Matthew, 5, each need at least two vials every 12 hours, or eight vials a day. The older Christian will need six vials every 12 hours, or 12 vials a day. If they all bleed at the same time, that amounts to P96,000 a day.
‘Blood mommies'
So Eldie rushed to the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office when they learned in 2016 that the agency extends help to hemophiliacs. They also met up with other “blood mommies” who also have to deal with hemophilia.
The blood mommies meet up at the PCSO every month to compare notes on medical incidents that happened to their children over the past weeks and get financial aid from the agency.
“Thankful po talaga ako sa PCSO kasi binigyan kami ng pag-asa. Nadudugtungan ang buhay ng mga anak ko dahil sa tulong na ipinagkakaloob nila sa amin [I am really thankful to the PCSO for giving us hope. They have extended the lives of my children because of the help they have given us],” said Eldie, who has to travel from Pampanga to Quezon City every month to get their aid.
“I understand that hemophilia treatment is costly, so we at PCSO will work out to give them the assistance that they need for their treatment,” PCSO General Manager Alexander Balutan said.
The pain remains
“We are thankful to PCSO over these past many years for giving financial support to our patients. We rely on the support of PCSO as cost of factor replacement products are not affordable and very costly,” Sarmenta said, adding that hemophiliacs can also lead productive lives.
Christian, for example, is now a handsome 21-year-old who has found a job to help their parents although the painful reality of hemophilia remains. Eldie can only suffer in silence when they moan in pain, “why did it have to be me?”
Sarmenta said that while the PCSO has done much for sufferers of the disorder, the country's healthcare system is still way behind that of other countries.
“We hope that PCSO and HAPLOS can come up with a cooperative agreement for coordination with regards to PCSO assistance to persons with hemophilia in the Philippines,” Sarmenta said.
BY LIZ LAGNITON
Tourist bus rolls near Te Anau with 19 people onboard - three choppers sent to attend to the injured
The bus has reportedly rolled on to its side and is at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
China: Steel play a crucial part in our lives, it is used in various electricity power line towers, utensils, gas pipelines, tools, machinery, weapons and many other things which make our lives comfortable. It is multi-functional and most flexible of all the metals. It is better in many ways and is used more widely than any other metal, it is also very convenient to use it, and its advantages are undoubtedly evident to all. It can be said that steel is the backbone of the developed economies. It has many positive characteristics like it is weldable, cold and hot formable, suitable machinability, corrosion resistant, tough and wear resistant.
It requires low production cost than other materials; it is environment-friendly and can also be recycled. The production of steel is 20 times higher than the output of all non-ferrous metals. With the high demand for steel items, several companies have emerged in last few years. Shanghai Metal Corporation is a leading manufacturing organization in Shanghai, China. It produces products different type of products including steel and which are essential for various industries.
The company makes the custom steel structure with the in-house steel fabrication, steel detailing and field installation. It provides technologically advanced products and stock steel, or structural repair needs to fabricate or design building projects requirements like columns, beams, solar array support frames, awnings, ladders and many more. For the government sector or contractors, it fabricates items like perforated casings, tanks, crossover platforms, access ladders, catwalks and many more.
The company manufactures light steel frame; these have a variety of uses. These are a site is ready to assemble kits; all the components are drilled, labeled, punched, marked and require screwing. These are available in a variety of unique and different foundation types. Light steel frame homes are also available, which are built with perfection and they are indistinguishable from traditional mortar or brick house.
The organization is also involved in light steel construction; it has various advantages. It can be useful for the job sites which are difficult to reach; it can reduce the time dramatically. These frames are far better than wooden structures, as they are dimensionally stable and it is less susceptible to weather, it is also resistant to vermin and pests. It is low cost with unlimited designs. Maximum producers of light steel frames make frames according to the specification of the customer, which means every profile is cut to size, with screw holes and service holes.
About Shanghai Metal Corporation:
Shanghai Metal Corporation was founded in 1980, Shanghai, China. Since then it is known for manufacturing products like machinery, mechanical products, medical, construction, containers and many more. To acquire enhanced details, visit their website.
Contact:
Person: Shanghai Metal
Company: Shanghai Metal Corporation
Add: 20 Floor, Yuan Mansion, 738 Dongfang Road, Shanghai, China
Tel: 8621-58309368
Site: www.shanghaimetal.com
Email: sales@shanghaimetal.com
The Delta House of Assembly on Wednesday screened and confirmed of Messrs. Anthony Obuh and Lawson Efenudu as Chairman and Secretary of the state Bureau of Pensions respectively.
Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of had earlier sent the names of the nominees to the assembly for screening and confirmation.
The confirmation of the nominees followed a motion moved by the Majority Leader, Mr Tim Owhefere which was seconded by Mr Anthony Elekeokwuri (PDP-Ika North East).
The house unanimously adopted the motion when the Speaker, Sheriff Oborewvori, put it to a voice vote.
Also the Delta State Audit Bill passed through its second reading.
Presenting the bill, the majority leader said that when passed the bill would enhance accountability in the expenditure of government's funds.
Owhefere said that the bill would also help to drive accountability as there were penalties for offences usually committed by some auditors.
Supporting it, Mr Ruben Izeze (PDP-Ughelli South) said the bill was necessary as it would ensure smooth auditing of government businesses and blocking of loopholes in the finances of the state.
Izeze said that the bill when passed would enhance good governance, transparency and accountability and strengthen institutions to curb corruption in the system.
It subsequently referred to the House Committee on Public Account which was expected to submit its report to the house on June 15.
CTV Vancouver
Two skiers were airlifted off a North Shore mountain on Sunday morning by North Shore Rescue crews after spending their New Year's Eve in the wilderness.
North Shore Rescue says the pair was on their way back from Mount Seymour's first peak when they got lost around 6 p.m., and ended up wandering down Suicide Gully.
Rescued skier David Lavallee said they and their friend Kristy Jones took a turn in search of fresh powder, realizing they were lost as it started to get dark.
“At a certain moment you hit the panic button and it's kind of panic mode,” they said, noting he's a backcountry skier with two decades of experience. “We're probably not the first people to make that mistake.”
Crews managed to make cell phone contact with the skiers, and directed them to an emergency cache to spend the night.
“When they reported that they were lost the terrain actually funneled them into that gully and to our rescue cache,” said North Shore Rescue's Simon Jackson, noting there was food, blankets and a radio at the cache.
“They had not filed a trip plan, so if we had not been able to get cell contact, this would have been a very, very different rescue.”
The duo wanted to continue down the gully, but rescue crews told them to stay put given the steep terrain and high avalanche risk.
After spending a chilly night on the mountain, the skiers were airlifted out of Suicide Gully early Sunday morning.
Lavallee says the next time they ski, they plan to bring the right equipment..
“If it happened to me, it can happen to anyone,” said Lavallee. “After you've been doing this for a while you sort of let your guard down… It's been very humbling, mortifying, and incredibly embarrassing. I know better than this.”
With files from CTV Vancouver's David Molko
Cavs sign top pick Collin Sexton to rookie contract
hello
CLEVELAND -- The Cavaliers signed guard Collin Sexton to a rookie contract. Financial terms were not immediately available.
Cleveland made the announcement on Wednesday, a holiday treat for the team's fans still grappling with their emotions after superstar LeBron James announced he's leaving the Cavs for the second time to sign with the Los Angeles Lakers.
The Cavs selected Sexton with the No. 8 overall pick in last month's NBA draft. They averaged 19.2 points as a first-year student at Alabama and played their best in big games while leading the Crimson Tide to its first NCAA Tournament appearance since 2012.
Now that he's under contract, the 19-year-old can't be traded for 30 days. However, the Cavs are likely to hang on to Sexton and help them rebuild without James, who led Cleveland to four straight NBA Finals and a championship in 2016.
Sexton is on Cleveland's summer league roster for games in Las Vegas.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
SEOUL, April 28 South Korea's department and discount store sales recovered in March in a positive sign for consumption that has been sluggish for months, trade ministry data showed on Friday.
Combined sales at department stores run by Hyundai Department Store, Lotte Shopping and Shinsegae Co rose 2.3 percent by value from a year earlier, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy said.
Sales also bounced from a 1.3 percent decline seen in February, thanks to stronger demand for household electronics such as air conditioners and vacuum cleaners.
The volume of purchases at department stores in March also gained. They were up 3.9 percent on-year, speeding up from a 2.4 percent rise in February.
At discount stores in March, sales rose 2.5 percent from a year ago, compared with a 19.5 percent drop in February.
Demand for fresh produce and higher prices of eggs due to an outbreak of bird flu had boosted overall sales at discount stores, while sports and outdoor-related product sales dropped sharply due to worsened air pollution nationwide, said the trade ministry.
Sales for sports and outdoor goods have been declining since last July.
Asia's fourth-largest economy grew a stronger-than-expected 0.9 percent in the first quarter, accelerating from a 0.5 percent expansion in the final three months of last year and the fastest pace since last spring, data showed earlier this week.
The retail sales rebound could add to signs that the recovery is becoming more balanced and broad based.
First-quarter growth was fueled not only by exports but a pickup in investment and private consumption, though the service sector remained weak as a diplomatic spat with China saw Chinese tourist numbers fall. (Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
IT pro's 2017 revitalization guide Before 2017 comes at us hard, take a moment to restock your your intellectual reserves with our most insightful tech-management articles and videos.
No matter how long you've been in IT, it's always a good idea to pause periodically and take stock of your professional and personal progress.
Why not take a few moments to read through the best of Computerworld's management and career coverage? Scroll down to browse the complete list or click a link to skip directly to your chosen topic.
Track in-demand IT skills, titles and certifications
25 tech certifications earning the highest cash premiums right now: Is it any secret that employers value info/cybersecurity and architecture the most when it comes to paying their workers extra cash for certifications?
20 fastest growing tech skills -- no certification required: Market values of these noncertified skills have increased the most in recent months.
Free and cheap ways to study for IT certifications: Use these tips for finding inexpensive study resources and getting hands-on experience.
Video: Hot tech skills for 2017: Computerworld senior staffers discuss the state of skills for the upcoming year.
9 best technology jobs in the U.S.: The nine best technology jobs, including their median salaries and unemployment rates, as ranked by US News & World Report.
16 in-demand jobs for digital and creative pros: Staffing firm Onward Search's assessment of the most in-demand digital and creative roles, including UX designer, full-stack developer and search-engine marketing manager.
The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns: When interim CIOs ride into town, they might call the shots on everything from cloud migrations to app development. They'll even deliver bad news and take the bullets.
Find a new place to work in 2017
Make more money
IT Salary Watch: Find the latest IT salary news and information, including salary listings for more than 50 job titles as well as representative salaries in various industries and U.S. regions. You can also use our Smart salary finder, which aggregates salary data from more than 3,300 IT professionals, to compare your salary with that of IT workers in similar jobs across the U.S., or broken down by geographical region or years of experience.
Computerworld's IT Salary Survey: This downloadable PDF lists average salaries for more than 40 IT job titles, features an array of charts highlighting key findings from the survey and provides in-depth features on maximizing your salary.
10 tech specialties with rising salaries: Employers are paying top dollar to attract and retain talent in these 10 fields, according to results of Computerworld's most recent IT Salary Survey.
20 hot IT skills that will get you a raise: Based on PayScale median salary data for workers in IT, adding one or more of these 20 skills to your toolset will likely boost your paycheck.
Switch companies or location
Computerworld's 100 Best Places to Work in IT: Browse the full special report , check out our map to zoom in and click on Best Places by location, or view, search and sort the list by criteria that are important to you, including company size, location, training budget, days of paid time off and more.
To widen your pool of prospects, also search through our Best Places archives, which lists honorees from 1994 on. For an on-the-go reference, download this pdf: Profiles of all 100 Best Places to Work in IT 2016
Hottest jobs, cities and industries for IT pay: Drawn from Computerworld's most recent IT Salary Survey of 3,300 technology professionals.
10 best-paying companies in tech: Data gathered by online jobs site Glassdoor illustrates which tech companies pony up the top pay.
Top 10 states for software jobs: Based on data from a survey conducted by BSA - The Software Alliance, an international organization that advocates on behalf of the software industry, these states are best for techies with software skills.
Top 10 cities for tech workers: A high salary can mean nothing if you're living in a city with a high cost of living, like San Francisco or Boston. But in these 10 cities that are experiencing job growth, you can find a decent salary with a low cost of living.
Manage your career prospects
Open source: Career-maker, or wipeout? Is a career focused solely on open source sustainable? Experts predict a wave of opportunities for IT pros with all-open-source résumés -- in five years or so.
How to put your career on the fast track: Many IT professionals say they would go all-out to land the best jobs, with the best benefits at the best companies. All it takes is up-to-the-minute skills and a whole lot of drive.
How to get a fair performance review: You're killing it at work, but does anyone notice? A large percentage of IT professionals say the answer is no.
How long should you stay in your job? As paychecks grow, tenure shrinks among today's top techies. And that trend is leaving many to wonder whether loyalty still pays.
Be a better manager
The secret to boosting women in IT? Men: Male allies can open doors, broaden networks and advocate for female tech pros. Guys, ready to step up?
IT staff retention, in stages: One-size-fits-all policies don't recognize that people at different stages of their careers want different things.
Bridging IT's growing generation gap: Deft management skills and a lot of empathy are required to balance the priorities and expectations of millennials, baby boomers and the Gen X-ers stuck between them.
How to build a thriving information security function despite the talent shortage: Much of the business world now recognizes the challenge in hiring enough qualified information security professionals. Here's how to cope.
High-tech moms: Tips for managing family life while steering booming businesses: These women created successful technology businesses from scratch, all while managing the demands of children and family.
Efficiency hacks for IT: 6 tips for getting things done: Use these tips from seasoned IT pros to re-architect your day for maximum impact with minimal stress.
Why your network admins are nervous: Network pros know that SDN promises to rock their world. But those who prepare for the change will find new opportunities. Here's how to help your staffers keep their skills ahead of the curve.
How IT teams navigate unlimited vacation policies: IT leaders from Akamai, CA Technologies and VMware have mastered the balance between granting time off and keeping essential tech functions staffed..
5 ways to attract and retain female technologists: Companies are stepping up to increase gender diversity in their tech workforce because it's smart business. Top firms share advice on how they're making headway.
Computerworld's Premier 100 Technology Leaders for 2016: Read their stories, learn from their experience, get inspired by their careers.
Get data-driven insights into the IT jobs market: Computerworld's six regional IT jobs reports provide exclusive, actionable data about IT salaries, hiring and more to help you find the right talent, make the best hires and retain your brightest workers.
5 ways to better survey IT employees: Collaboration and survey tools abound, but actions speak louder than data.
IT moves to open workspaces, but not everyone is happy: In an effort to boost collaboration and attract millennials, even old-school organizations are tearing down their cubicle walls. But is shared space the best environment for serious IT work?
Tapping into IT's in-house entrepreneurs: Visionary CIOs say the fastest way to meet the demands of digital transformation is to empower IT employees to make decisions on their own.
Download U.S. Census data on IT workers: Itching to analyze Census data about IT workers yourself? Download this zipped file of data from the U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey (ACS) 2010-2014 PUMS (Public Use Microdata Samples) data.
Keep tabs on new technologies
Video pays off in the enterprise: As costs come down and the technology improves, video is finally spurring easy and effective collaboration. (Plus -- 5 tips for building video culture in your organization.)
Does your IT staff ready for IoT? Organizations are itching to start internet of things initiatives, but efforts are hampered by shortages of already-scarce security pros and workers with newer analytics skills.
Platforms in the cloud take heavy lifting out of architecture tasks: As tech giants battle for cloud dominance, businesses looking to offload heavy-duty infrastructure tasks are reaping hefty rewards from platform-as-a-service offerings. Here's how three IT leaders mixed and matched their powerful yet flexible PaaS packages.
Special report: IT Security's Looming Tipping Point: The editors of CIO, Computerworld and CSO join forces to survey IT and business leaders about the state of information security. In this C-Suite 360 special report you'll find key results from the survey as well as guidance on a range of issues faced by organizations looking to ramp up their security game.
Use our Digital Downloads library to get smart fast: Computerworld editors bring you the latest Crash Courses, Digital Spotlights and other in-depth guides.
Think like a business strategist
Digital Edge 25 honorees pioneer the digital-centric enterprise: IDG's Digital Edge 25 awards recognize digital transformation initiatives with significant, measurable business impact.
2016 Data+ Editors' Choice Awards: Computerworld's Data+ Editors' Choice Awards honorees offer advice and lessons learned on mining data to make fast business decisions, measure risk, create efficiencies and more.
Ready for action: 6 big ideas in digital transformation: This 49-page report features advice from IT executives at the U.S. Postal Service, Hunter Douglas, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Nationwide Insurance and more for using digital technologies to become more agile, more flexible and more profitable.
How to drive digital transformation in IT and throughout the organization (with podcast): Listen and learn as VP of business technology Paul Friedman explains how Humana transformed itself into a digital-first, customer-centric organization. This free knowledge bundle includes an article, audio transcript and slide deck.
3 ways to fast-track your journey to the cloud (with podcast and video): Listen, watch and learn as FCC CIO David Bray explains how to leverage change agents when pivoting to an all-cloud environment. This free knowledge bundle features an article, video and audio.
6 ways to better align IT with the business: MIT's CISR center says ‘demand shaping' is a better way for business and IT to collaborate. Does it work?
IDC's guide to avoiding vendor lock-in: Looking to avoid the dreaded sinkhole known as vendor lock-in? This exclusive report lays out a roadmap to vendor independence.
Look to the future
Gartner's predictions -- a look at the top 10 tech trends: Three of Gartner's top 10 technology trends envision significant changes to -- and problems with -- data centers.
Tech Forecast 2017: IT sharpens its focus: With spending and hiring flat, CIOs seek efficiency in automation and outsourcing. Should IT workers be worried?
Tech Forecast 2017: Facts and figures for the year ahead in IT: All the facts worth knowing about IT leaders' tech budgets, spending plans, hiring priorities and strategic initiatives for 2017.
Tech Forecast 2017: 5 key technologies to double down on now: IT leaders plan to use these core tools to deliver business results in 2017.
10 hottest tech skills for 2017: Are your assets bankable in 2017? Hiring managers say they'll seek out these skills most in the New Year.
5 disruptive technologies to track in 2017: Savvy tech execs are keeping these cutting-edge developments on their radar screens.
Video: Getting a bead on tech trends for 2017: Computerworld senior staffers hash over the results of our exclusive Tech Forecast 2017 to ferret out what's likely to disrupt business in the new year.
Get ready for your new co-worker – the robot: Instead of stealing humans' jobs , artificial intelligent systems and robotics will help many people do their jobs better -- we hope.
Tech execs' boldest predictions for 2017 and beyond: Self-healing software? Ubiquitous wearables? We asked senior-level IT pros to predict what's in store for information technology. Here's what they had to say.
Burnt human remains found suspected to be those of missing Bloomfield labourer; four in custody
The burnt remains of a man suspected to be those of a missing labourer were Friday afternoon unearthed behind their employer's home at Number 55 Village, Corentyne.
After police earlier reportedly unearthed what were said to be human remains, family members are certain the remains are that of missing laborer, 21-year-old Mahendra Ghanie called “Azad”.
The labourer has been missing since Monday after they left their 198 Bloomfield, Corentyne home for work.
Four suspects, including the missing man's employer, were placed into police custody.
The remains were discovered in hole behind their employer's home at No. 55 village, Corentyne.
According to the missing man's mother, their son left home at around 5 PM on Monday for work. The grieving woman, Indranie Seenarine stated that their son called later in the evening to say that they reached their destination. However, family members began suspecting something was amiss after several calls over the next days went unanswered.
“He calls Monday and seh mommy me reach. Then now Tuesday we call and they nah answer they phone. So we think they're working. But then now Wednesday, we call again and they nah answer and I feel like something happen to meh son”.
Seenarine related to Demerara Waves Online that they made several reports to the No. 51 and Whim Police Stations. After not given the satisfaction needed, family members decided to the venture to their place of work on Thursday.
The missing man's brother, Razack Ghanie relayed that upon reaching the scene, they saw the main suspect's son who immediately fled after spotting them. “The man son run away soon as they see we come and we go back and tell the police all this but they ain't come back with we to search or nothing”.
The older Ghanie they then returned to the scene on Friday to conduct a second search with hopes of finding evidence that their brother was there. It was then that they stumbled a upon a hole situated next to a pile of ashes behind the man's home.
Becoming curious, the man's brother took a stick and began poking around the hole and made the shocking discovery of several burnt bones of all different sizes hidden beneath ashes. “Well we go back and search on Friday
and so we search bout ah hour then we see this hole next to pile ah ash. And me tek a stick and juk juk in the hole and find like about five pieces ah bone inside”.
The police were then summoned to the scene and upon further search discovered burnt pieces of clothing, a burnt phone cover, a hammock and discarded bottle of insulin among other pieces of bones.
According to Ghanie, their brother only worked for the suspect for four months and during that time, they were accused of stealing a sim card.
Mahendra Ghanie resided in Bloomfield with their mother, two sisters and one brother. Police are continuing the investigation.
A father and daughter who were missing since Thursday have been found.
A police spokesperson confirmed the pair were found safe and well.
Blair McClunie and their daughter Nikki McClunie were reported missing after they were last seen in Te Awamutu on February 1, according to a post on the Waikato Police Facebook page.
They were in a maroon Toyota Camry with the registration TH1135.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New Equifax CEO: Sorry for the Hack, Bad Customer Service
Equifax, under pressure from a massive data breach, is apologizing and trying again to make amends to consumers. Its new interim CEO -- installed this week after the previous chief executive announced their retirement -- offered their "sincere and total apology" to the customers impacted, in an opinion piece in The Wall Street Journal.
The apology comes ahead of hearings next week, when company executives will be facing Congress to explain to angry politicians how the company ended up exposing the personal information of 143 million Americans.
Here's the latest on the breach:
What Is Equifax Doing?
Equifax's interim CEO Paulino do Rego Barros Jr. offered their mea culpa for what happened, and promised that customers would also have access to a service that will let them lock and unlock their credit files anytime.
The service will be available by Jan. 31 and will be free for life, they said. They also cited the TrustedID credit-watching package that the company is offering. And though they acknowledged that Equifax had "compounded the problem with insufficient support for consumers," the company's website said it was "experiencing difficulties" with the TrustedID website.
Previous CEO Richard Smith stepped down Tuesday, less than three weeks after the credit reporting agency disclosed the hack. Their departure follows those of two other high-ranking executives, and the company's board is conducting an independent review of the data breach.
Equifax's stock had fallen more than a third since the scandal broke, but has since regained some ground.
State Actions
The city of Chicago is joining those suing Equifax, with Mayor Rahm Emanuel saying the company should be held accountable for the breach and the delay in notifying consumers. The lawsuit seeks restitution for those affected, including more than 5 million in Illinois.
Equifax is also facing still facing several state and federal inquiries and a myriad of class-action lawsuits, including congressional investigations, queries by the Federal Trade Commission and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and probes by several state attorneys general.
San Francisco and Massachusetts are among those suing. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is also questioning the two other credit-monitoring companies, TransUnion and Experian, about what precautions they have taken to protect sensitive consumer information.
What Should I Do?
Consumers should be vigilant and diligent. That means:
-- Closely monitoring their credit reports, which are available free once a year, and stagger them to see one every four months.
-- Keeping watch, possibly for a long time. Scammers who get ahold of the data could use it at any time -- and with 143 million to choose from, they may be patient.
-- Considering freezing your credit reports. That stops thieves from opening new credit cards or loans in your name, but it also prevents you from opening new accounts. So if you want to apply for something, you need to lift the freeze a few days beforehand.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
2 Jan, Solukhumbu: The number of tourists visiting the Mt Everest region shot up by a whopping 33.66 per cent in 2016 as compared to 2015.
A total of 27,465 tourists visited the Everest region in 2015 whereas the tourist number was recorded at 36,694 in 2016, Tourist Police Office, Lukla's Assistant Sub Inspector of Police (ASI), Sarayug Mahato said. This number is 9,229 more than in the previous year.
The tourist arrival in the Everest region had fallen drastically due to the massive earthquake of April, 25, 2015 and the blockade, but it increased in 2016 as the situation was more favourable, Namche tourist entrepreneur, Lama Kaji Sherpa shared. RSS
Researchers in Ireland have developed a mathematical formula that may help doctors predict how effective chemotherapy will be in treating aggressive forms of breast cancer.
Recent research from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI) examined how effective chemotherapy was in treating triple-negative breast cancer.
The study looked at how triple-negative breast cancer cells responded to chemotherapy, and found patients may respond better to drugs currently being used to treat some leukaemia patients, called BCL2 inhibitors.
Dr Robert O'Connor, head of cancer research at the Irish Cancer Society, cautioned it would potentially be years before the results of the study led to improvements for cancer patients.
“This research is in quite early stages and it will be many more years until any potential benefits reach cancer patients” they said.
“It does show the building blocks required to lay the foundations for life-saving cancer research. The more we understand this disease, the better chance we have of stopping it in its tracks” they added.
The research, carried out by Federico Lucantoni, was published in the cell and disease Nature journal, and funded by the Irish Cancer Society.
In Ireland more than 250 people are diagnosed each year with triple-negative breast cancer, which is aggressive, affects mainly young women and is considered difficult to treat.
Jochen Prehn, RCSI professor of physiology who supervised the study, said at the moment the only treatment option for triple-negative breast cancer patients was chemotherapy.
“While this will work well for some patients, others may find that their cancer cells don't respond as well as might be hoped to chemo,” said Prof Prehn.
“We hope that, if successful in further testing, our research may one day allow doctors to give women more tailored and effective treatments and spare the harsh side effects of chemotherapy in women who are unlikely to respond well to it” they said.
Daffodil Day, the Irish Cancer Society's annual fundraising effort takes place on Friday, March 23rd.
Independent analyst John Leh will host a webinar this month to help learning technology buyers understand how they can save time and money by partnering with a knowledgeable consultant to find the ideal solution
Analyst John Leh to discuss value of hiring an LMS selection partner at webinar
Media Contact
Joelle Girton
Talented Learning, LLC
570-784-1847
***@talentedlearning.com Joelle GirtonTalented Learning, LLC570-784-1847
End
-- Independent research and consulting firm Talented Learning today announced that it is expanding its popular "Summer of Learning" webinar series with an additional session this month.On Tuesday, August 22, from 1:00 to 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time Talented Learning CEO and lead analyst John Leh will hostThis dynamic live online event is designed to help technology buyers understand how practical advice and tools from an independent industry expert can help them make better LMS choices in today's complex market."Making sense of today's fast-moving learning solutions market is nearly impossible, unless you constantly monitor and evaluate vendors and trends. Who the time for that?" John Leh said. "This is where I can help, with strategies that cut through the hype and help buyers quickly find a solution that fits their business needs."In this free webinar, John will tackle today's trickiest LMS buyer questions, from how to create a realistic budget to how to know if an LMS is actually the best solution for your organization.Drawing from their ongoing learning technology research, their specialized "selection success" services, and real-world examples from over 22 years of LMS buying and selling experience, John will share practical advice including:• How to make sense of today's expansive LMS landscape• How to determine if you can afford a new LMS• Why requirements definition is essential to sort through the learning tech "specialist"market• How to narrow your options from 700+ vendors to a qualified shortlist• When and how to use an RFP (or not).Participants will also have an opportunity to discuss their challenges in a special "open mic" Q&A session with John.For more details, and to reserve a place at this live online event, individuals can register via GoToWebinar at: https://register.gotowebinar.com/ register/534897398142339841 . (All registrants will receive a link to the webinar recording, whether they attend the live session or not.)John Leh is CEO and Lead Analyst at Talented Learning. Named one of the Top 20 Global Elearning Movers and Shakers of 2017, John is a fiercely independent LMS selection consultant and blogger who helps organizations develop and implement learning technology strategies – primarily for the extended enterprise. John's advice is based on 20 years of industry experience, serving as a trusted LMS selection and sales adviser to more than 100 learning organizations with a total technology spend of more than $65 million.Talented Learning is an independent research and consulting firm devoted to helping organizations of all sizes choose and use modern LMS solutions and related technologies for their unique business needs. Insights from Talented Learning help organizations at every stage of the learning technology implementation lifecycle, from business case development and requirements definition, to vendor evaluation and selection. The firm's analysts also serve as trusted advisors to modern LMS vendors who must manage product positioning and roadmaps in today's dynamic elearning landscape. For more information visit https://TalentedLearning.com
April 3 KKR & Co LP
* KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc files for IPO of up to $100 million - SEC Filing
* KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc says it intends to apply for listing of its common stock on nyse under the symbol "KREF"
* KKR Real Estate Finance Trust - Upon completion of IPO, KKR will continue to control a majority of voting power of shares eligible to vote in election of co's directors
* KKR Real Estate Finance Trust - Wells Fargo Securities, Morgan Stanley among underwriters to IPO Source text: [bit.ly/2nxEBhf] Further company coverage:
Several arrested for killing of elderly women
Several persons have so far been arrested in connection with the killing of two elderly women earlier this week at their home at the corner of Albert Street and South Road, a top Guyana Police Force investigator said Friday.
“We have good, substantial information,” Head of the Criminal Investigations Department, Assistant Commissioner, Paul Williams told Demerara Waves Online News.
They said police were still treating the incident as a robbery-murder committed against family-friends 88-year old Constance Fraser and 75-year old Phyllis Melrose Caesar between on October 2 and 3, 2017.
Williams declined to divulge details about the breakthrough into the case, but other police sources said three males and one female were already in custody. The Crime Chief broadly corroborated information about the arrests, saying several suspects were nabbed between Wednesday, October 4 and 5.
Fellow parishioners of the Full Gospel Church located opposite the women's residence discovered the bodies of the women in their bedrooms with their hands, feet and mouths tied.
Pastor Winston Mc Gowan said they decided to enter the house after one of the women failed to open the church early Tuesday morning as they would have normally done.
Caesar hailed from Manchester Village, Corentyne and Fraser was a Guyana-born United States citizens. They both lived in the wooden house for several decades.
Full Gospel Church leaders were expected to meet Tuesday afternoon to discuss next steps following the demise of two of their dedicated and well-loved members.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
BAGHDAD: French President Francois Hollande arrived in Baghdad Monday to meet the French forces helping Iraq in the fight against the Islamic State group and to hold talks with top officials.
Hollande had already visited in 2014 and remains the most prominent head of state to come to Iraq since the launch two and half years ago of a US-led coalition against the jihadists.
The French president, who is traveling with Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian, will also stop in the autonomous northern region of Kurdistan during their one-day visit.
France is the second contributor to the US-led coalition that has carried out thousands of air strikes against IS in Iraq and Syria and provided military equipment, training and advice to Iraqi forces.
Iraqi forces completely collapsed when IS jihadists took over second city Mosul in June 2014 and swept across much of the country's Sunni Arab heartland.
The jihadists then gained more territory in August 2014, forcing hundreds of thousands of people to flee from areas that had been controlled by the Kurdish peshmerga forces.
Since it joined the United States in the coalition in September 2014, French aircraft have conducted 5,700 sorties, around 1,000 strikes and destroyed more than 1,700 targets, according to defence ministry figures.
France has 14 Rafale fighter jets that are stationed in Jordan and the United Arab Emirates and taking part in coalition operations.
It also has 500 soldiers training and advising elite Iraqi forces and CAESAR artillery vehicles stationed south of Mosul to provide support for ongoing operations to retake the city.
Australia, Italy and Britain are also part of the 60-member coalition supporting Iraq's efforts against IS.
Mosul op
“He will stress the importance of continuing efforts to ensure sustainable security in the country after Daesh (IS) has been defeated and the coexistence of communities in a united and sovereign Iraq,” a source in the French presidency said.
Hollande was scheduled to hold talks with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who hails from the main Shiite political bloc, President Fuad Masum, a Kurd, and Parliament Speaker Salim al-Juburi, one of the country's most prominent Sunni politicians.
The French president began their trip with a visit to a base near Baghdad where French forces are training Iraq's elite Counter-Terrorism Service, the force that has spearheaded most major anti-IS operations in Iraq since 2014.
It was CTS that first breached the city limits of Mosul late last year in an effort to retake what is now IS's last major stronghold in Iraq.
But the going has been tough for Iraqi forces, partly because hundreds of thousands of civilians have remained in the city, slowing their advance.
Abadi had promised that their forces would rid the country of IS by the end of 2016 but they said last week that three more months would be needed to achieve that goal.
Some observers argue that remained an ambitious timeline, given the continued presence of IS fighters in other parts of the country, such as in Hawijah or in the province of Anbar near the Syrian border. AFP
AFP/CC
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Tennis - Australian Open - Melbourne Park, Melbourne, Australia - 19/1/17 Serena Williams of the U.S. hits a shot during their Women's singles second round match against the Czech Republic's Lucie Safarova. REUTERS/Jason Reed
(This April 19 story corrects name to Streicher from Stretcher in paragraph 18 and 20)
By Julie Steenhuysen
CHICAGO Tennis star Serena Williams could take a pass on Wimbledon if physical changes from their pregnancy such as balance and blood flow affect their preparation and performance, researchers who study pregnancy in high-performing athletes said.
It would be perfectly safe for Williams to continue with rigorous training throughout pregnancy, but how quickly they would return to tournament tennis, if they so choose, was uncertain, the researchers said.
Williams on Wednesday confirmed their pregnancy through spokesperson Kelly Bush Novak after the tennis player posted a picture of themselves in a yellow bathing suit on Snapchat social media with the caption "20 weeks."
James Pivarnik, a kinesiology professor at Michigan State University, said Williams' muscular build could forestall some of the changes that could impair performance. Williams, who is 5 feet 9 inches (1.75 metres) and weighed 155 pounds (70 kg) according to their tennis association profile, won a 23rd Grand Slam tournament title at the Australian Open in January.
"It's not like some little 95 pound distance runner. From a size change difference, it might take longer for that to be an issue with her, depending on how they carry," said Pivarnik, who has studied the impact of pregnancy on exercise for the past three decades.
In pregnancy, a woman's center of gravity shifts forward to accommodate the growing fetus, which could affect Williams' stance. Pivarnik said that Williams' size may be an advantage.
Williams has not played since January and two major events are coming up: the French Open in May and Wimbledon in July.
Pivarnik said, they would be "shocked" if Williams decided to compete at Wimbledon.
"She'd be 30 weeks. I can't see them being able to perform at a level she'd need to win," they said.
Most top athletes are able to perform very well through about the first half of pregnancy, said Dr. Bruce Young, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at New York University Langone Medical Center.
Starting at about six months of pregnancy, a woman's balance shifts. "That would be fine if you were a swimmer. If you are a tennis player, it's a problem," Young said.
Other changes could also have an impact, they said. For example, beginning at about 5 months, a woman's blood volume increases by 50 to 60 percent over the non-pregnant state, forcing the heart to work harder.
Red blood cell counts increase, but not in proportion to the increase in blood volume, reducing the oxygen-carrying capacity in the blood, they said.
A woman's lung volume also decreases as the uterus grows and presses on the diaphragm.
"If you are competing at a very high level, that becomes a factor," Young said.
Extreme exercise and training during pregnancy remains safe, however, and can contribute to a swift return to pre-pregnancy performance levels provided the delivery goes smoothly, a survey of scientific literature by experts on behalf of the International Olympic Committee found.
"I've known women who are back to running fast 5Ks in a month because they ran probably up until 36 weeks without much problem," Pivarnik said.
Dr. Lauren Streicher, clinical associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago, said Williams' age - 35 - increases their chances of pregnancy complications, such as developing high blood pressure.
Predicting how long it will take Williams to recover from a pregnancy depends on several factors, including whether they had an easy or complicated vaginal or Cesarean delivery, whether they breastfeed and whether their baby sleeps through the night or keeps them up for feedings every few hours.
"As much as we would like to be able to predict this stuff, the nature of pregnancy is it's going to be different for everyone," Streicher said.
(Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen, editing by Caroline Humer and Grant McCool)
AIR New Zealand has come under fire for its latest in-flight meal offering - a synthetic meat burger known as the Impossible Burger.
The New Zealand First party's primary industries spokesperson Mark Patterson called the promotion of the "Impossible Burger", which contains a plant-based meat substitute, on some international flights a "slap in the face" for New Zealand's red meat sector, reports the NZ Herald.
Air New Zealand has teamed up with Silicon Valley start-up Impossible Foods to serve the burger to premium customers.
The plant-based burger will be available as part of its business premier menu on flights NZ1 and NZ5 from Los Angeles to Auckland until late October.
"The national carrier should be showcasing our premium quality grass-fed New Zealand red meat, not promoting a product that has the potential to pose an existential threat to New Zealand's second biggest export earner," Mr Patterson said.
"There has been widespread concern in the regions at the loss of services from provincial airports and now we have Air New Zealand actively promoting synthetic proteins which have a genetic modification component to them. This is not a good example of New Zealand Inc working together for the greater good."
Patterson called for Air New Zealand to review its decision and instead showcase New Zealand produce to international visitors.
NZ National Party agriculture spokesperson Nathan Guy expressed their disappointment on Twitter over the promotion.
"Disappointing to see Air NZ promoting a GE substitute meat burger on its flights to the USA. We produce the most delicious steaks & lamb on the planet - GMO & hormone free. The national carrier should be pushing our premium products and helping sell NZ to the world," Guy tweeted.
Comment was being sought from Air New Zealand.
Disappointing to see Air NZ promoting a GE substitute meat burger on its flights to the USA. We produce the most delicious steaks & lamb on the planet - GMO & hormone free. The national carrier should be pushing our premium products and helping sell NZ to the world. — Nathan Guy (@NathanGuyOtaki) 3 July 2018
At June 2018, meat products were worth $A6.1 billion to the New Zealand economy, behind dairy which was the country's top export earner on $A12.9 billion. In April this year tourism was worth $A13.4 billion to the economy.
In March, Regional Economic Development Minister and NZ First MP Shane Jones criticised the board of Air New Zealand following the carrier's decision to cut flights to Kapiti, on the lower North Island.
"I'm telling that board, in terms of the growth and connectivity in provincial New Zealand, it will not increase unless that board changes," they said.
They also warned Air New Zealand chief executive Christopher Luxon to butt out of politics.
"Do not poke your nose into the political boxing ring unless you're going to resign today and join the ranks of the National Party. This is a legitimate issue on behalf of those provincial areas who have been short-changed. I've said all along, my focus is on the board."
This story was originally published on the NZ Herald and is republished with permission.
March 31 United Game Tech Plc:
* Successful listing on the Berlin stock exchange
* First share price was set at 2.50 euros ($2.67), which corresponds to a market capitalization of 63,966,500 million euros. Free float currently is approximately 9.7 pct
* Prelim 2016 turnover of approximately 88 million euros and an EBIT of approximately 1 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9364 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Follow @insidefutbol
Pawel Cibicki insists they have great respect for new Leeds United head coach Marcelo Bielsa, but could not risk another season of limited action.
The former Malmo man was handed only sporadic appearances by Thomas Christiansen last season, while the Dane's successor Paul Heckingbottom froze the attacker out completely.
Bielsa is the new man at the helm, but Cibicki has just sealed a six-month loan move to Norwegian outfit Molde as they chase regular first team football.
It would have been understandable for the attacker to look to impress Bielsa and fight for their place at Elland Road, but Cibicki says they just needs to play and left Leeds in no doubt about their views.
"I was coming back [this summer], but I said before I was eager to leave. I did not want the same as last year", Cibicki told fotbollskanalen.
"And they were clear that there was a new coach and they wanted to see me and I would come back to training.
"But I was also quite clear.
"Obviously, I have great respect for Bielsa.  They are a great coach.
"But I have to think about my career and it is clear that I do not want to start the same way, stopping and not playing.
"It would have been boring., I just simply want to play."
Cibicki will now be looking to make an impression in the Norwegian top flight under Molde coach Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
Molde currently sit in fourth spot in the Norwegian league after 15 games, eight points off leaders Brann.
The Global mHealth Market is poised to expand at a whopping CAGR nearly 50% over the forecast period (2012 to 2020). mHealth or mobile health involves the use of wireless devices and mobiles to offer healthcare services. Despite considerable developments in the field of healthcare services, there are a number of issues that still persist pertaining to affordability and availability. Penetration of smartphones with 4G and 3G networks owing to urbanization & high income levels is expected to fuel the industry in the years to come.
3G & 4G LTE networks facilitate the prompt delivery of telemedicine services via speedy data transfers and video calls. High incidence of chronic diseases, such as diabetes, cancer, and heart ailments can contribute significantly to the global industry in the years to come. Various healthcare mobile applications may help patients in managing and controlling these ailments. However, infrastructural security and data privacy and safety may negatively impact overall demand during the forecast period.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/mhealth-industry
The worldwide mHealth market is segmented on the basis of services, participants, and geographies. According to services, the divisions are monitoring services, diagnosis services, healthcare systems strengthening services, and others. “Others” mainly pertains to wellness and prevention and thus focuses on geriatric care, smoking de-addiction, drug abuse prevention, healthy living, and child care. In 2013, monitoring services held more than 60% shares in the global market. Such services include independent aging solutions, post acute care services, devices (body trackers) for monitoring vital signs, and chronic disease management. Diagnosis services facilitate effective communications between patients and healthcare professionals about various health related issues.
On the basis of participants, the industry is categorized into healthcare providers, content players, device vendors, and mobile operators. Being a rapidly expanding segment, mobile operators can continue dominating the global market over the forecast period. Beside connectivity services, they also offer end-to-end solutions, mobile telemedicine, content-based wellness information, and health call centers. This segment generates much of its revenues from monitoring & diagnostics services. Device vendors mainly refer to electronics & technology companies that offer equipment for gathering patient medical data and transmit data to back-end servers through mobile networks. Content players deal with information based services either through collaborations or in a stand-alone manner with mobile operators.
Geographically, the global mHealth market is segmented into Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. With a market share (in revenue terms) exceeding 30%, North America led the global industry in 2013. Regional drivers are surging demand for monitoring services because of growing prevalence of chronic diseases & ailments worldwide. Asia Pacific can expand robustly at a more than 45% CAGR over the forecast period. The region is fueled by growing need for better healthcare services.
Prominent companies operating in the global industry are Vodafone Group, Samsung Electronics, mQure, Orange, and Allscripts Healthcare Solutions among others. Kaiser Permanente and the Mayo Clinic's venture capital unit supports an mHealth smoking cessation program that features an online communication & support platform and a wearable that releases drugs at equal time intervals. The concerned platform is undergoing clinical trials for both European and U.S. regulators. It may be available in the market in 2018 or 2019. Commonly known as the “Smartpatch”, this device releases biologically timed drugs. This action is based on the sensors that are present in the patch for measuring vital signs.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @
https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/healthcare-industry
With the Sega Genesis edging out Super Nintendo sales in the heated 16-bit console wars of the mid ‘90s, Nintendo decided it was time to unveil their groundbreaking secret project.
Of course I'm speaking about Rare's pseudo-3D Donkey Kong Country.
But the same year that brought the barrel-tossing ape back into the spotlight also featured a new Super Mario themed macaroni and cheese from the masterminds at Kraft. Which one of these decisions pushed Nintendo back to the top of the market? It's hard to say.
Well, not really. It was definitely Donkey Kong Country.
Image: Vintage Computing and Gaming
Even though Super Mario World had launched alongside the Super Nintendo three years prior in 1991, there hadn't been any cheesy Mario characters and items to gorge on for some time. And when you have a snazzy new mac and cheese theme in the works, it's only natural that you would want to promote it with a eye-catching commercial.
Advertisement
Thirty seconds of airtime doesn't seem like much, but when it comes to mixing traditional animation, stop motion animation, and live action elements, it becomes quite the undertaking. The fine folks at the now-defunct Curious Pictures (who worked on everything from the Baby Einstein cartoon series to the Rock Band games) were responsible for cobbling together this fast and furious masterpiece.
At some point Curious Pictures also released an insightful and strangely monotone breakdown of their newest Kraft commercial. The video has been floating around the web for quite a few years (and was brought to my attention by Twitter user Forest of Illusion), but a behind-the-scenes look like this can always use a little more exposure.
Video uploaded by Ethan Anania
There's something hilarious and oddly alluring about the pacing, wording, and matter-of-fact delivery throughout the video as a whole. You have Mario jumping into the seaoni, caves with stop-motion dinomation, and boy bites galore. It's less of a detailed explanation and more of a step-by-step list of what the production staff needed to accomplish in each and every frame.
Advertisement
Strange presentation aside, it's still a fascinating peek into the staggering amount of work it took to produce a single commercial in 1994. Really gets your noodle goin'.
Under President Barack Obama, the EPA banned a pesticide linked to critical health issues in adults and children. Trump has rejected the ban, endangering California communities.
California has stayed the largest agricultural producer in the United States for decades, even through historical drought.
Naturally, it has also been at the forefront of sweeping reforms to improve life for farmworkers — the backbone of the state's economy.
Working long and hard hours in fields, groves, orchards, and warehouses, these individuals are the first to touch our food; they are also the first to suffer the devastating effects of the pesticides so many companies refuse to stop using.
In 2015, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recommended the banning of chlorpyrifos, a pesticide widely used to kill insects on grapes, almonds, walnuts, oranges, and other crops in California's agricultural Mecca — Central Valley. A growing body of research links chlorpyrifos to a number of chronic health conditions, including asthma and autism. Many of those exposed to the pesticide, or who live in areas that are in close proximity to fields where it is heavily sprayed, suffer from painful skin irritations, vomiting, and debilitating headaches.
However, despite strong signs that chlorpyrifos is dangerous to human health, President Donald Trump's administration has decided to reverse the Obama-era ban, rejecting years of scientific study and evidence in favor of making business easier for the heads of agricultural companies, who will never have to work in the fields from which they profit.
"We're very heavily regulated," Bob Blakely, vice-president of Tulare County industry group California Citrus Mutual, told The Guardian. "I'd be more concerned about children not eating fresh fruits and vegetables."
However, while Blakely is concerned about children not getting their five-a-day, they seem to have overlooked the struggles of children growing up in communities near their company's agricultural empire, three hours north of Los Angeles.
The Guardian reported that more than a dozen Tulare Latino residents came to them with stories of pesticide poisoning from either direct contact by working in the fields or from drifts carried by wind into surrounding residential areas. Parents complained that their children were vomiting, consistently dizzy, and struggling to focus in school because of their exposure to chlorpyrifos.
In a story by The Washington Post, grandmother Domitila Lemus recalled a particularly disturbing incident after a pesticide spray drifted over elementary students at recess, one of which was their 8-year-old granddaughter.
"They were out of breath. Some were throwing up. The children had teary eyes … It's a strong smell that gets into your head and hurts your brain.”
Zenaida Munoz, another resident of Tulare County, told The Guardian that they used to walk amongst the orange groves for exercise when they were pregnant. After they gave birth to their son, who is now 9 years old, they said they were in despair once they found that they had difficulty speaking, as well as severe behavioral problems. They were eventually diagnosed with autism.
According to a University of California at Davis study, pregnant women living near fields sprayed with chlorpyrifos are at increased risk of giving birth to a child with autism. Researchers at Columbia and UC Berkeley discovered that low to moderate levels of pesticide exposure during pregnancy coincide with lower IQs and memory problems. Berkeley has also raised concern about the link between pesticides and reduced breathing capacity, and a study that spanned universities across the country found evidence that it negatively impacted fertility.
The use of chlorpyrifos has also taken on an edge of racism and classism, as it disproportionately effects Latino communities and people living in poverty. Tulare County and the surrounding Central Valley region have the highest poverty rate in California and the worst air pollution in the country. State data reveals that Latino children are 91 percent more likely to live in or nearby areas where pesticides are used.
“There's a sense of helplessness,” Luis Medellin, a 30-year-old dairy worker in the small Tulare town of Lindsay, told The Guardian. “I'm being poisoned and I can't do anything about it. It's like a slow death.”
A study conducted in 2004 and 2005 found that the amount of chlorpyrifos in Lindsay was 11 percent above levels the EPA considered acceptable for daily exposure for children. The pesticide was found in three-quarters of the town's air samples.
“Farmers in about 100 countries rely on the effectiveness of chlorpyrifos to protect more than 50 crops,” Dow AgroSciences wrote in a statement to The Guardian.
They are responsible for the manufacturing of chlorpyrifos under the name Lorsban and claim that the “authorized uses” of the chemical offer “wide margins of protection for human health and safety."
Their statement echoes that of Trump-appointed EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who said in a statement last month in support of reversing the ban:
"We need to provide regulatory certainty to the thousands of American farms that rely on chlorpyrifos, while still protecting human health and the environment. By reversing the previous administration's steps to ban one of the most widely used pesticides in the world, we are returning to using sound science in decision-making — rather than predetermined results.”
Pruitt, who has a friendly relationship with corporate America, cannot be relied upon to act in the interest of America's most vulnerable, so some are looking to California to take a stand.
State officials are indeed investigating the use of chlorpyrifos to see if additional restrictions should be put in place, but a spokesperson for the state's Department of Pesticide Regulation (DPR) noted that it is different than "an all-out ban." Without the protection of state agencies and the current White House, activists and advocates for farmworkers rights and the health and safety of Latino communities are back to fighting a battle they thought they had won.
“It was pain in my heart,” Amy Huerta, who grew up in a trailer park in Lindsay and was frequently exposed to drifts, told The Guardian. “Now we have to start all over again.”
SANTIAGO, March 30 The failure of BHP Billiton and workers at its Escondida mine to agree on a wage deal after a long and bitter strike has stoked some concerns over the possible fate of other key contract talks at copper mines in Chile over the next year.
As global mining executives gather in Santiago for the annual CRU World Copper Conference that begins on April 3, labor relations will be a major topic of discussion.
Some companies and union officials were hopeful, telling Reuters that the strike at Escondida will not necessarily trigger a wave of industrial action elsewhere at BHP, the world's top copper exporter.
Last week, the union at Escondida ended a historic 43-day strike by temporarily extending its old contract, a result seen as negative for BHP.
Workers at Peru's important Cerro Verde have also been on strike.
Meanwhile, a cluster of other mines responsible for a combined 6 percent of global copper output are due to negotiate wage deals in Chile. Contract talks are scheduled this year, including at Anglo American Plc and Glencore Plc's Collahuasi and Antofagasta's Zaldivar. In both cases, the two sides are already trying to find common ground.
"Collahuasi and its union leaders meet habitually to talk about items of mutual interest, looking for the best option for the company and its workers," Collahuasi spokesperson Bernardita Fernandez said.
Antofagasta, meanwhile, said it had preemptively agreed with the Zaldivar union to a definition of the activities that can continue at the mine in case of a union strike.
Both unions told Reuters last month that they had solid relationships with their companies.
Their talks will likely take a different tack to Escondida's, industry experts say.
"Escondida has unique conditions that evidently do not apply to other mines, starting with the fact that it is twice as big," said a copper trader. It also has an unusually powerful union.
And some of the company provisions that upset the Escondida union will no longer be up for negotiation. This Saturday, a complex and wide-ranging new labor reform that strengthens the hand of unions, passed last year by Chile's center-left government, goes into effect.
Nonetheless, the tense talks at Escondida could have a spillover effect, said the head of Zaldivar's main union, Raul Torres.
"We're close to the union leaders at Escondida, and we keep up with what happens there," said Torres.
(Editing by Rosalba O'Brien and Bernadette Baum)
Any pharmaceutical substance, whether solid, liquid or semisolid, can be characterized and analyzed using thermal analytical techniques. Pharmaceutical thermal analysis is both dynamic and diverse and pharmaceutical thermal analysis techniques are important methods for characterizing the properties and structures of pharmaceutical products. These techniques are used to analyse changes in specific properties and the analysis provides insights into the thermodynamics and kinetics involved. Various properties are analyzed using different techniques – Differential Scanning Calorimetry studies enthalpy, Differential Thermal Analysis studies and tracks the difference in temperature, Thermogravimetric Analysis measures the mass of the analyte and Dynamic Mechanical Analysis analyzes the deformity in the analyte. Although pharmaceutical thermal analysis is not a new field, more advanced techniques, applications and instruments are constantly appearing in the pharmaceutical industry.
Conventionally, pharmaceutical thermal analysis was mainly employed in research and development, but it has gained substantial influence in the pharmaceutical industry over the years. Commercially, advancements in techniques and applications have become extremely important to the pharmaceutical industry as they increase the sensitivity and decrease the time taken considerably. The dramatic decrease in the time taken will account for enormous economic benefits. Pharmaceutical thermal analysis tools can be found in nearly all analytical development and formulation laboratories within the pharmaceutical industry.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6886
Recent Developments in Pharmaceutical Thermal Analysis Market
Initially, there were primarily two differential scanning calorimetry instruments – Power Consumption Differential Scanning Calorimetry and Heat Flux Differential Scanning Calorimetry Analyzer. However, recent advancements in techniques of differential calorimetry analysis have given rise to two more versions – Modulated DCS and Tzero DCS – with significant improvements in resolution and sensitivity. These advanced technologies result in accurate characterization of a wide range of crystalline and amorphous pharmaceutical materials including proteins, tablets and frozen solutions.
Factors Driving the Pharmaceutical Thermal Analysis Market
The global market for pharmaceutical thermal analysis market is driven by analytical developments within the industry, which illustrates the importance of analytical methodologies. Pharmaceutical thermal analysis offers versatile tools for the successful analysis and development of pharmaceutical products. It also plays a substantial role in research and development, enabling research organizations to explore the properties of various materials.
Regional Outlook
Geographically, the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market can be segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Japan and Middle East & Africa. North America accounts for the largest share of the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market, which can be attributed to the increasing industrial R&D expenditure and the availability of public and private funding for research studies. Europe is pegged to be next in line with a substantial market share, followed by Asia Pacific.
Competition Outlook
Some of the key players in the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market are Waters (US), NETZSCH (Germany), LINSEIS (Germany), Mettler-Toledo (US), PerkinElmer (US), SETARAM (France), and Shimadzu (Japan), Particle Technology Labs Ltd, RJ Lee Group Inc., Harper International Corporation, Westmoreland Mechanical Testing & Research Inc., Particle Technology Labs Ltd, RJ Lee Group Inc., TE Connectivity India Sales Office, Anderson Materials Evaluation Incorporated, Harper International Corporation and Westmoreland Mechanical Testing & Research Inc.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6886
Research Methodology
FMI utilizes a triangulation methodology that is primarily based on the overall expenditure on life science research and R&D funding and capital equipment installed base to obtain precise market estimations and insights on life science and biotechnology associated products, technologies, applications and services. The bottom-up approach is always used to obtain insightful data for the specific country/regions. The country-specific data is again analysed to derive data at a global level. This methodology ensures high quality and accuracy of information.
Secondary research is used at the initial phase to identify the feasibility of the target products/technology categories and its respective segments, product and service offerings, equipment installed base in end use facilities, adoption rate and future impact of new technologies. Additionally, per capita consumption of kits, reagents and consumables among end users is tracked at a granular level to obtain the most accurate information. Each piece of information is eventually analysed during the entire research project which builds a strong base for the primary research information.
Primary research participants include demand-side respondents such as laboratory managers, procurement managers, research supervisors at academic and research institutes, as well as key opinion leaders in addition to supply-side respondents such as equipment and reagent manufacturers, custom solution and service providers who provide valuable insights on trends, research application of products and technologies, purchasing patterns, services offered and associated pricing.
Quantitative and qualitative assessment of basic factors driving demand, economic factors/cycles and growth rates and strategies utilized by key players in the market is analysed in detail while forecasting, in order to project year-on-year growth rates. These Y-o-Y growth projections are checked and aligned as per associated industry/product lifecycles and further utilized to develop market numbers at a holistic level.
On the other hand, we also analyse the annual reports of various companies, investor presentations, SEC filings, 10k reports and earning call transcripts operating in the market to fetch substantial information about the market size, trends, opportunity, drivers, restraints and to analyse key players and their market shares. Key companies are segmented at tier-level based on their revenues, product portfolio and presence.
Please note that these are the partial steps that are being followed while developing the market size. Besides this, forecasting will be done based on our internal proprietary model which also uses different macro-economic factors such as overall life science research expenditure, R&D funding, industry based demand driving factors impacting the market and its forecast trends apart from other macroeconomic factors.
HAGATNA, Guam: Guam's leader said Monday that “sometimes a bully can only be stopped with a punch in the nose”, in a spirited defense of President Donald Trump's rhetoric against North Korea which has the island in its crosshairs.
While Trump's critics accuse them of inflaming tensions with Pyongyang, Guam governor Eddie Calvo said they were grateful the US leader was taking a strong stance against North Korean threats to their Pacific homeland.
“Everyone who grew up in the schoolyard in elementary school, we understand a bully,” Calvo told Agence France-Presse.
“[North Korean leader] Kim Jong-Un is a bully with some very strong weapons… a bully has to be countered very strongly.”
Calvo, a Republican, said Trump was being unfairly criticized over their handling of the North Korea crisis, which escalated when Pyongyang announced plans to launch missiles toward Guam in a “crucial warning.”
They said North Korea had threatened Guam—a US territory which hosts two large military bases and is home to more than 6,000 military personnel—at least three times since 2013.
Trump has responded by threatening “fire and fury”, warning last week that the US military was “locked and loaded” to respond to any aggression.
“President Trump is not your conventional elected leader, what they say and how they say it is a lot different from what was said by previous presidents,” Calvo said.
But they pointed out previous presidents had also used strong words to warn off Pyongyang, including Barack Obama who said last year that “we could, obviously, destroy North Korea with our arsenals.”
“One president [Obama] said it one way, cool and calmly with a period… the other said fire and fury with an exclamation point, but it still leads to the same message,” Calvo said.
They rejected suggestions that Trump and the North Korean dictator were as bad as each other when it came to the saber-rattling playing out in the western Pacific.
“Well there's only one guy that has vaporized into a red mist their uncle or a general because they fell asleep in a meeting with an anti-aircraft gun, that's Kim Jong-Un,” they said.
“There's only one guy that's killed their brother with one of the most toxic nerve agents ever created, that's Kim Jong-Un.”
‘Safe place to visit'
Some regional players such as China have urged Trump to tone down their rhetoric but Calvo called on them to do more to contain Pyongyang, saying “no one wants to see a war.”
“It's not only in the interests of America and its allies, but also China and Russia to see this fellow does not continue in their effort towards nuclearization or longer-range missiles,” they said.
“You're allowed to voice those opinions without going to prison, whether you're for the military or against it, unlike North Korea,” they said. They acknowledged there were “varying opinions” among Guam's 160,000 residents about the huge US military presence on the island but insisted the majority of inhabitants backed it.
Calvo also dismissed criticism of the US-operated THAAD weapons system, which has been deployed in Guam and is capable of destroying intermediate-range missiles in the final phase of flight.
“It's meant not to shoot people, it's meant to shoot at missiles that kill people,” they said.
Calvo said they did not expect the crisis would have a major impact on the island's tourism industry, which draws more than 1.5 million tourists a year.
“Guam's a safe place to go to. Even though all this stuff is going on in the airwaves there has been no added threat level,” they said.
“I'm welcoming all the people of the world to come visit Guam, it's a beautiful place.”
AFP
There's bad Fashion Week weather, and there's REALLY bad Fashion Week weather. Fashion lovers had to be careful not to slip and break major bones on Sunday as they manoeuvred along slippery, slushy streets. Inside the shows, there was plenty of talk about politics, social change, and womanhood. There were even some soulful poetry readings.
Some highlights:
VICTORIA BECKHAM OFFERS A NEW TAKE ON OLD ENGLAND
Beckham was one designer who seemed, presciently, to have predicted the miserable weather when they were designing. There were roomy blazers and fluid, ribbed sweater dresses, and pants that were baggy but still flattering. There were long, filmy chiffon skirts or dresses, their lightness complemented by generously oversized jackets on top. Most appealing on a day like Sunday: Long, zipped sweaters that one could wrap oneself into and disappear.
The colour palette included oxblood, navy and black — “gentleman's club colours,” Beckham described it — inspired by British artist Paul Nash, whose work, they wrote in show notes, “draws on England's past, but translates that into striking contemporary forms.” Beckham also used the artist's creations to inspire their bold prints. To go along with the more muted colours, there was the occasional burst of brightness, like a dress in lipstick red.
As for footwear, the idea seemed to be wearability. There were flat, very pointy buckled shoes, or wedge-heeled boots to go with dresses. Beckham's handbags were square, in the form of vanity cases. Another style touch was the addition of elbow-length leather gloves — some in a dashing gauntlet style — to many of the outfits.
“This season has something fundamentally, even quintessentially British about it, while reflecting a global outlook,” Beckham suggested. “Thinking about my heritage in the context of a changing landscape, I wanted to offer outfit proposals and single garments that mix the familiar with the fresh and the new.”
Them silhouettes were looser than in some previous collections. “It's more relaxed, more free,” they said. “Body consciousness is traded for consciousness of the body.
POETRY FOR THE SOUL, AT TRACY REESE
Visitors with tickets to the Tracy Reese show gathered outside a nondescript doorway on Manhattan's Hudson Street, waiting to walk up a narrow stairway.
Not many fashion shows take place in former sausage factories. Built in the mid-19th century, the space is now an antique-filled triplex house with gilded mirrors and wrought-iron balconies overlooking an atrium.
Reese had enlisted four women poets to read their work while guests navigated their way in and out of various rooms. With the setting and the soulful soundtrack, one might have forgotten the event was about clothes. But there were the models, posing in corners and on sofas or chairs or tables, sort of living tableau.
Reese, who was a favourite designer of former first lady Michelle Obama, described their latest collection as “a celebration of the many facets of womanhood.”
“More than ever, the world we inhabit demands that we, as women, be all things: strong yet feminine, nurturing yet stoic, seductive yet demure,” they wrote in their show notes.
In their clothing, the designer featured ultra-feminine floral dresses with menswear-style plaid pantsuits. There was also an Asian influence in colourful kimonos, or beaded evening wear.
As for Reese herself, they wore a white T-shirt with the Angela Davis quote: “I'm no longer accepting the things I cannot change, I'm changing the things I cannot accept.” Other members of their team wore sayings they had chosen, from figures like Amelia Earhart or Michelle Obama.
The poets reading their work were Dorothea Lasky, Aja Monet, Leslie Reese and Jenny Zhang.
POLITICAL TALK AT PUBLIC SCHOOL
“We Need Leaders,” read the motto on a number of ensembles at Sunday's Public School runway show. Even more pointed, perhaps, was the message on the hats: “Make America New York.” And on the side: the number 44 =, a reference to the Trump presidency.
Designers Dao-Yi Chow and Maxwell Osborne had already been using the “leaders” slogan before the election, but it recently took on new meaning for them, they said backstage. “With the timing of everything that's been happening to us here in our country and in the world, certainly that message rings truer now than it ever has,” Chow said.
Osborne said the collection started from the idea of borders.
“What are borders?” they said. “How do you break those down? We kind of started from there.”
Chow also gave their take on what's become the central question of Fashion Week: Should designers — or other artists — weigh in on politics?
“It's up to the artist,” Chow said, “but I happen to feel that if you have a platform and can speak to a lot of people you should use that platform — not just to sell a lot of clothes or music or art, but you should also help to lead the conversation, lead the dialogue. Sometimes that's uncomfortable ... you have to challenge your own beliefs, break those down, build those up, do it over and over again, keep having that conversation.”
Designs — for both women and men — included huge down jackets, oversized plaid or quilted shirts, generous bomber jackets and roomy overcoats. There was a deconstructed effect to some of the garments, such as large “snap sleeves” on a tan corduroy top that exposed the upper half of the arms, or down jackets that draped open to expose bare shoulders.
On this particular Sunday, one would have opted to cover those shoulders.
Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester takes part in a panel convened to speak about the health of the U.S. economy in New York November 18, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
A Federal Reserve policymaker on Thursday repeated their call for further rate hikes and a trimming of the central bank's balance sheet later this year, as the U.S. economy is expected to rebound from what looks like a weak first quarter.
"If economic conditions evolve as anticipated, I believe further removal of accommodation via increases in the fed funds rate will be needed," said Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester, a hawkish policymaker who regains a vote on interest rates next year. "I would (also) be comfortable changing our reinvestment policy this year."
The Fed raised rates in mid-March, its second policy tightening in three months. The central bank has also been topping up a $4.5 trillion portfolio of bonds amassed in the wake of the financial crisis, but plans to eventually begin shrinking it by letting the assets mature.
While the economy has been expanding at a 2-percent rate over the last few years, the Atlanta Fed's GDPNow forecast predicts it dipped to 1 percent in the first three months of the year.
Yet the "underlying fundamentals supporting the economic expansion are sound," Mester added in prepared remarks to a financial risk conference in Chicago. "While growth in the first quarter may come in on the weak side, I think this largely reflects transitory factors and residual seasonality in the data."
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Dunstable Swimming Club returned some superb results from the Watford Regional qualifier that took place earlier this month.
With it being a level 3 meet, it meant any regional qualifying times would count in regionals later on in the year, making it an important event for those competing.
Kieran Murray (15) swam a PB of 4.48.18mins in the 400m freestyle for fourth, while new member Adeola Akande (11) claimed bronze in the 50m breaststroke (45.99secs) and fourth in the 200m IM (3.28.16), with Bryony Mathias (11) taking bronze in the 100m freestyle in 1.16.20.
Billy Mead (13) won gold in the 100m breaststroke in 1.26.37, while they also picked up two silvers in the 200m breaststroke (3.09.60) and 50m breaststroke (39.20).
Walter Hackett (15) gained silver in the 100m breaststroke in 1.12.54, while Will Richards (16+) took a fabulous RQT in 1.10.24 to win bronze.
Jessica Kefford (14)claimed silver medal in the 50m backstroke (32.99), while brother Elliot (12) picked up silver in the 50m butterfly (35.79).
Hackett gained a gold medal in their age-group, clocking 28.84, also managing silver in the 200m freestyle (2.08.31), as did Richards in the O16 event (2.02.56).
There were gold medals all round for the Porzio sisters as Amelia (10) took first place in the 200m breaststroke, while Isabella (14) was first in 2.59.48 and second in the 100m breaststroke in 1.23.67.
Amelia also won gold in the 50m breaststroke (48.28), the 100m breaststroke (1.47.92) and bronze in the 50m freestyle (36.86).
Jessica Kefford won the 100m backstroke in 1.11.50, Elliot taking silver and an RQT in their race, then winning gold in the 50m freestyle in a fabulous 30.52.
Maia Morgan (15) took bronze in the 50m breaststroke (36.68) securing them a winter RQT, while breaking a 30-year club record in the 100m breaststroke, coming fifth.
Louis Ellison (11) swam bets in all their three races, 50m freestyle, 50m backstroke and 100m backstroke, securing three new county times.
Hackett also gained gold in the 50m freestyle (26.38), 200m IM (2.18.25), 50m backstroke (28.18) and 100m backstroke (1.00.34).
They also secured silver in the 50m breaststroke (33.75).
Other fabulous swims came from Sam Mead (16+) in the 200m IM winning silver in 2.25.39.
They were fourth in the 50m backstroke, securing their winter regional qualifying time, took silver in the 200m breaststroke (2.42.35) and bettered their summer RQT in the 50m breaststroke (33.62).
In the girls 200m freestyle, Millie Dudley (14) gained a bronze medal in 2.18.42, taking silver in the 50m freestyle (29.61).
Jennifer Davies (11) won bronze in the 100m butterfly in 1.31.16, while Ruby Collins (14) claimed bronze in the 50m freestyle in 29.85.
Fresh off their win at the Indy 500, driver Will Power puts the IndyCar series championship is now at the top of their checklist. But the 37-year-old Aussie isn't ruling out a run at the stock-car circuit down the road.
“I'd love to race an oval in NASCAR, that would be fun,” Power said on the latest “PodcastOne Sports Now” weekly show with co-hosts Jim Litke and Tim Dahlberg.
But Power said they haven't made any serious inquiries about picking up a ride, in part because. “I see how long it takes to get good at your craft. … Those guys are absolutely top notch and it would be tough to turn up and be competitive.”
Also on the podcast: the rest of Associated Press racing writer Jenna Fryer's entertaining interview with Power; AP NBA writer Tim Reynolds weighs in on the hosts' continuing LeBron vs. MJ debate; AP tennis writer Howard Fendrich on Serena Williams' return to the French Open; plus, plenty about how the Golden Knights became the latest hit show in Las Vegas.
Finally, the hosts honor National Hamburger Day with a discussion about — what else? — french fries.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After weeks of speculation Eoin Bradley has rejoined Coleraine on a two-and-a-half year deal.
The striker, who left The Showgrounds for Glenavon in 2014, says they are looking forward to life with the Bannsiders again.
I'm looking forward in playing my part at The Showgrounds. This is a very talented young squad here which can achieve big things. Eoin Bradley, Coleraine FC
“There have been a lot of rumours over the last few weeks and I had a big decision to make,” they said.
“But to be honest as Glenavon and Coleraine are the only clubs I have played for in the Irish League, it was always going to be one of those clubs that I was going to be at come January.
“I'm looking forward in playing my part at The Showgrounds. This is a very talented young squad here which can achieve big things.
“There's a lot to play for this season, and hopefully my experience of winning the Irish Cup and playing in Europe can help the younger lads.”
Bannsiders boss Oran Kearney spoke of their delight in securing the services of the talented 33-year-old.
“Skinner has developed into one of the top frontmen in the league,” they said.
“We always knew they had the ability from their first spell here, but over the last couple of years they have developed further.
“He is a fantastic addition for us, he's a big asset in what they can offer and also they can help bring the other guys on.”
Eoin will wear the number 22 shirt.
Aurora man sentenced to 7 years for shooting man in the face, fleeing police
hello
An Aurora man was sentenced to seven years in prison for shooting an acquaintance in the face during an argument and fleeing from police.
John W. Sperry, 56, of the 300 block of Grant Place in Aurora was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment in the Illinois Department of Corrections by Kane County Circuit Judge John A. Barsanti Friday. They were convicted Jan. 11 of aggravated battery with a firearm and two counts of fleeing and eluding an officer, according to a news release from the Aurora Police Department.
Police said Sperry drove to the victim's house in the 300 block of Jackson Street in Aurora on March 4, 2017. The victim walked to the passenger side of Sperry's car and the two men began to argue when Sperry shot the man in the face with a .38 caliber handgun, according to police.
The man survived and Sperry fled the scene, police said. After police spotted them near the crime scene, they led them on a 14-minute chase during which they exceeded 70 mph and was arrested after their car struck a utility pole at Claim Street and Lincoln Avenue, police said.
Sperry received six years for the aggravated battery charge and one year for the fleeing and eluding offense, according to police. They will receive credit for 377 days they served in the Kane County jail.
Sponsored Content By
In the last decade technology has become a critical aspect of the modern classroom, shaping the way students collaborate and learn. Technology has helped expand course offerings, experiences, build 21st century skills, and increase engagement amongst students.
Mobile device deployments have traditionally revolved around building a strong infrastructure to support Chromebooks and tablets in the classroom, and discovering innovative ways to best utilize these devices for teaching and learning.
However, over the last couple of years, a second wave of device deployments are beginning to gain traction: technology to support STEAM learning and the ever-growing makerspace movement. Makerspaces offer tools and opportunities for hands-on learning and creation to engage students in developing real-world problem-solving skills.
Devices like Sphero Edu's SPRK+ Robot incorporates technology with collaborative STEAM activities to nurture students' imagination and develop 21st century coding skills – all while having fun. As schools increase investments into robotics, 3D printing and other emerging technologies, they'll need to develop efficient ways to manage these deployments.
That's why LocknCharge has developed the Sphero Edu SPRK+ Charging Case – rolling out at ISTE this year! The Sphero Edu SPRK+ Charging Case features a lightweight, innovative design that allows you to easily transport, secure and charge Sphero Edu SPRK+ robots.
Visit LocknCharge at ISTE Booth #3418 or Sphero Edu at Booth #800 to learn more.
About LocknCharge
LocknCharge designs and manufactures carts, charging stations and lockers that secure, sync, and charge mobile devices. With over a million devices protected in LocknCharge solutions throughout 20 countries across the globe, we help make our customers lives easier by developing mobile device management products with scalable and modular designs that take classroom workflow into consideration.
About Sphero Edu
Sphero Edu uses app-enabled robots to foster creativity through discovery and play, all while laying the foundation for computer science. Our program goes beyond code with collaborative STEAM activities, nurturing students' imaginations in ways no other education program can. Cross-platform apps are approachable for all skill levels, allowing us to reach as many minds as possible. Think outside the bot and inspire your future. This is Sphero Edu.
Are you looking for an Oriental escorts London to keep you busy during your business trip to London? If you are then you have the option to choose from some of the top oriental escorts London. These escorts are handpicked by the top escort agencies in London and they are trained to make your London stay special. To find an Asian escort London, it is best to look at these top agencies.
You can do this before commencing your journey to London because all of them have their websites from where you can pick and choose your escort. Finding your escort online is a highly convenient option don't you think? Or would you rather arrive in London to find your escort? The latter option is always there but it can be fraught with danger. Imagine going out in the evening because you have the addresses of some escort agencies.
Even if you manage to visit some of these agencies and pick an escort, would this entire episode go unnoticed? If not anyone else, your cab driver would know what you are up to. How would you want to avoid their amused glance? And then how do you know you wouldn't end up dealing with a shady agency and put yourself in danger?
The idea is not to scare you because there are top escort agencies that have plush offices and they offer you the best girls to choose from. But there is always the question of chance, something you would not want to get into. This is the reason it is best to make your arrangement before you arrive in London so that there is no need to hunt for your Asian escort London in the city.
Trying to find from the best oriental escorts London online is much easier. You Google for some of the top escort agencies in London and a fairly long list would be displayed on the screen. Visit some of the links Google displays to you and you should be able to home in on a couple of agencies you would want to deal with. Visit the websites of these agencies and have a look at the portfolios of their escorts. The oriental escorts of London are from the South-East and Far East Asia and they are as stunning as they come. The agencies are transparent in their dealings with clients like you so that there are no issues later with the price and the place and so on. More importantly, the entire transaction will be conducted in total privacy and you can make your booking without even stepping out of your home.
Your chosen oriental escort can make your London stay something not to be forgotten about. These high-class escorts are trained to effectively manage high profile clients like you. Your escort will ensure that you are rightly pampered and given that grandiose feeling as you spend your time with them There are times when you want all this and what could be a better time than this?
Oriental escorts London is among the most preferred in the city. You can book an Asian escort London online and keep the arrangement private.
WILD brings together prominent business leaders for women's forum on workplace leadership empowerment
Contact
SMAK Strategies
Maria Hennessey
***@smakstrategies.com SMAK StrategiesMaria Hennessey
End
-- National and local thought leaders will gather next week in Westminster, Colorado for the sixth annualSummit, taking place on Thursday April 26th. WILD (www.wildsummit.org)is a full-day event designed to empower, inform, and inspire women to forge ahead in the workforce. It's the signature event of the Women's Council, in partnership with The Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado Boulder.Consider the facts:• Women who work full time earn about 79 cents for every dollar earned by men.• Women remain underrepresented at every level in corporate America.• One in five C-suite leaders is a woman, and fewer than one in 30 is a woman of color.WILD attendees include business leaders, students, and women looking for connections and role models within the business community.The theme of this year's WILD Summit is breakthrough and the full day of programming reflects this important topic. An impressive line-up of keynote speakers and panelists will present on breaking molds, shattering ceilings, and challenging gender status-quo in order to create brighter futures for women in business.Program highlights include a keynote presentation from, the first African-American female naval aviator in the Marine Corps, who will share their breakthrough strategies for achieving success on the battlefield of business. Also presenting is, Chairman and CEO of Alliant Energy Corporation and, a nationally recognized serial entrepreneur and partner of Next Level Associates. A panel discussion with top women business school deans and business leaders is also on the day's agenda.This year's WILD summit includes the first-ever, an hour of mingling and drinks featuring over 30 Colorado-based organizations that are "for women or by women". Participating companies include, and many more. WILD's showcase will be a great way for local companies and entrepreneurs to discover and connect with each other.To learn more and to register, please visit www.wildsummit.org. Tickets to the WILD Summit are anticipated to sell out.The WILD Summit is an annual event of The Women's Council, in partnership with The Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado Boulder. The mission of The WILD Summit is to provide a professional forum for women who want to learn and share; inspire and be inspired. Its objective is to increase the visibility and accessibility of successful WILD women in the community to students and each other. It offers a venue for the presentation and sharing of relevant topics that are provocative and engaging to WILD women across university majors, industries, and functional roles. It engages a broad audience of WILD women who fit in every place along the continuum of age and experience – bringing together those who are seeking knowledge and those with a desire to share and give back.The Women's Council is a membership group of professional women who serve the efforts of the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado (CU). The purpose of the Women's Council is to support the mission of CU's Leeds School of Business by providing access and connection for students to successful women business leaders who will provide their support and expertise and nourish both students and other women in our community to live up to their potential as entrepreneurs and leaders in business.
FOREIGN Affairs Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano advised Filipinos in war-threatened countries to stay calm and go on with their daily lives as they assured them that embassies concerned have prepared their respective contingency plans in cases where situation could deteriorate.
At the same time Cayetano said the Philippines, as head of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean), was ready to play a role in the peaceful resolution of the crisis in the Korean peninsula.
Cayetano said instructions have been given to embassy officials in Korea, Japan and Guam for them to regularly provide updates, though social media, to Filipinos on preparations and other related matters they needed to know.
“Of course all of us are hoping that this is just harsh rhetoric but as I've said we can't risk it and I asked also our posts to articulate the contingency plans so Filipinos abroad will know what to do,” Cayetano said in an interview with reporters.
The most important thing, Cayetano added, would be that at the start of a crisis, Filipinos would know who to talk to, where to go and how to communicate.
Meanwhile, the Philippines' top diplomat has urged all sides to do everything in keeping the door of dialogue open and prevent the situation from deteriorating.
”Both sides are talking about security, national security but there will be no national security if there's a nuclear war,” Cayetano said.
Tensions are high between the United States and North Korea following reports about Pyongyang's plan to fire four missiles near the territorial waters of Guam.
The move has been seen as Pyongyang's response to a statement by US President Donald Trump that if it carried out its plan, North Korea would be facing “fire and fury like the world has never seen.”
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Market Highlights
Oil and gas directional drilling industry is expected to have huge potential from increasing projects over the forecast period given the increased production from the end use industry coupled with growing shale revolution. The market is also expected to witness high expansion activities by multinational and major players.
Directional drilling is the science of deviating a wellbore along a planned path to a target located a given lateral distance and direction from vertical. Directional drilling can be used to reach targets that cannot be drilled with a vertical well. For example, it may not be possible to get a drilling permit for a well located within a populated area or within a park. However, a well could be drilled just outside of the populated area or park and then steered directionally to hit the target.
According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The global market of directional drilling is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period. The global directional drilling market is forecasted to demonstrate an exponential growth by 2027, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a whooping, CAGR during the estimated period (2018 – 2027).
Get the sample report for more information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1375
Key Players
Baker Hughes Incorporated
Halliburton Company
Schlumberger Limited
Weatherford International plc.
National Oilwell Varco, Inc.
Nabors industries ltd.
Cathedral Energy Services Ltd
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited
Gyrodata
Industry News
In August 2017, Greka Drilling Limited, the largest independent and specialized unconventional oil & gas driller in Asia, was awarded two new drilling contracts from PetroChina Huabei Oilfield Limited, a subsidiary of CNPC. The contract for the Fanzhuang Block is for one year with a scope of 16 wells consisting of vertical/directional production wells as well as exploration wells.
In October 2016, GDC contracted the Great Wall Drilling Company Limited to drill directional geothermal wells in Menengai. Under this contract Great wall was expected to drill 16 directional wells in Menengai.
Segmentation:
Based on land, the market has been segmented into onshore and offshore. Onshore dominates the technology segment of global Directional Drillings market. Directional drilling is used in more onshore applications due to the high number of maturing fields. Offshore segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment during the forecast period.
On the basis of type, the market has been segmented into Directional boring, horizontal directional drilling, and oilfield directional drilling.
Based on Services, the market has been segmented into Rotary Steerable Systems, LWD, MWD and Motors. Rotary steerable directional drilling services segment is expected to grow significantly during the forecast period. It is primarily driven by factors like the rising need to access difficult reservoirs. Advantages like high efficiency and lower overall costs of directional drilling foster growth in this segment.
Segmentation by Region: Comprises Geographical regions – North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and South America.
Global Directional Drilling Market – Regional Analysis
North America dominates the Directional Drillings market. The U.S. accounts for the largest market share in the North American region. The advancements in unconventional drilling technologies, which have attracted capital for oil and gas drilling projects. Additionally, Vast hydrocarbon resources in the U.S. Shale basins and continuous offshore drilling in the Gulf of Mexico region, are driving the demand of the market.
Asia Pacific is the second largest market for the Directional Drillings and is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Increasing demand for energy due to urbanization & industrialization from the countries such as India, China, and Indonesia among others driving the demand of the market.
The Europe directional drilling market is expected to be dominated by countries such as U.K, Norway and Russia. The development of unconventional oil and gas exploration activities such as shale, is driving the market in the region. It is expected to contribute significantly during the forecast period.
Enquiry for this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/1375
Le Bus is looking for a full-time Mechanic Helper & part-time Luber for their Rock Springs, Wyoming location.
Apply In-Person Today!
Position Description
Give assistance to lead mechanics
Change and check oil on vehicles
Will train the right person
Employment Benefits
All full-time jobs offer full benefits, 401K and health insurance.
To Apply
Apply in person at 320 Hickories, Rock Springs, WY.
Hours: 8 am to 3 pm
No phone calls please.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A retired teacher murdered in their own home sustained injuries “of the most horrific nature,” a court has heard.
Antrim Magistrates' Court also heard claims that 33-year-old Michael Gerard Owens allegedly confessed to a witness to the murder of Robert Flowerday.
Michael Owens had their application for bail refused
During an unsuccessful bail application, a PSNI sergeant revealed there was a preliminary finding of a “positive DNA” result which allegedly connects Owens to the murder scene.
They told the court, where Owens appeared via video-link from prison, that they were “strongly objecting” to the alleged killer being freed.
“I have seen what this man is capable of,” said the senior detective. “These injuries are of the most horrific nature, inflicted on an elderly man, in their own home, defenceless and there's been no remorse shown whatsoever and I think that certainly, I have a duty to protect the public and the vulnerable.”
Unemployed Owens, from the Lisburn Road in Glenavy, is in custody accused of the murder of Mr Flowerday on January 28 and burglary of Mr Flowerday's home on December 6 last year when they allegedly stole £100 cash.
The body of the 64-year-old retired Antrim Grammar maths teacher was found at their home on the Mill Road in Crumlin on January 28 after police called to their house because a member of the public raised concerns.
With Mr Flowerday's relatives sitting in the public gallery, the officer told the court the retired teacher had been at church that morning and had tutored a student later on, returning home at around 3.15pm.
“He wasn't seen alive after that, except by the defendant, we would say,” claimed the officer.
Mr Flowerday had been due to have another private tutoring session later that day but when they didn't arrive the family made a series of phone calls to their house. But with no answer, they called at their home.
“There was no response at the door and no life about the house,” said the officer, adding that their suspicions were raised when they spotted a male nearby.
Officers gained entry by the back door but they were confronted by a ransacked house, “blood on a lot of the surfaces of the house and the body of Mr Flowerday in the living room”.
Owens was arrested two days later but during a series of interviews they “never commented or assisted in any shape or fashion”.
The officer said the case at this stage was based on forensic evidence, and that a full report is expected “either by the end of this week or the beginning of next week”.
Reminding the court how more than 600 people attended a vigil for Mr Flowerday, the officer said the murder “highlighted the fear of the community”.
Defence solicitor Tony Caher asked the officer the exact nature of the DNA evidence police say connect Owens to the scene and was told there was a “preliminary report” from the Forensic Science Agency they had uncovered a “positive DNA profile ... that indicates strongly that they were at the murder scene”.
The defence lawyer suggested the witness it is claimed Owens confessed to themselves has a record, but the officer said they were not aware and did not have the man's record “so I'm not going to speculate”.
Despite Mr Caher's submissions that Owens' proposed bail address is suitable, the officer maintained it is not as the person to act as surety has multiple convictions for dishonesty and it's too close to the scene of the murder.
The solicitor further submitted the evidence against Owens was “extremely tenuous” and with no forensic report yet received and a “vehemently denied” supposed admission, “it's quite outrageous that a person has been continued to be remanded on a dearth of evidence”.
Remanding Owens into custody to appear again on May 15, District Judge Nigel Broderick said they were refusing bail on multiple grounds including the risk of further offences, an unsuitable bail address and the risk of them “interfering with the administration of justice”.
SYDNEY, April 5 Australian new vehicle sales bounced modestly in March as the timing of the Easter holidays resulted in more selling days compared to the same month last year.
The Australian Federal Chamber of Automotive Industries' VFACTS report out on Thursday showed 105,410 new vehicles were sold in March, up 0.9 percent on the same month last year.
March this year had two more selling day than in 2016.
For three months to March, sales were running 0.8 percent behind the same period last year.
Sales of SUVs continued their domination with a rise of 7.9 percent on March last year, giving them 39.4 percent of the entire market. Sales of passenger vehicles dropped 10.7 percent, extending their long decline.
Sales of light commercial vehicles jumped 11.3 percent, while sales in the heavy vehicle market rose 11.0 percent.
Toyota Motor Corp retained first place on the sales ladder with 18.6 percent of the market. Mazda Motor Corp had another strong month taking 9.9 percent.
Hyundai Motor took third spot with 8.3 percent, ahead of Mitsubishi on 7.3 percent. The Holden unit of General Motors took 6.8 percent and Ford held 6.5 percent. (Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
April 6 Dx.Com Holdings Ltd:
* Company and placing agent entered into placing agreement
* Net proceeds of the placement agreement will be approximately hk$41.5 million
* Co to place through placing agent, on the best endeavour basis, up to 355 million placing shares, to not less than six placees
* Net proceeds from placing will be used for business development and investment opportunities of group
* Placing price of hk$0.122 per placing share
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
Swiss National Bank keeps ultra-loose policy in place
ZURICH, June 15 The Swiss National Bank maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy on Thursday in a bid to reduce upward pressure on the strong Swiss franc.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with Chinese TV station Phoenix in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on March 11, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
NEW YORK U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, said on Wednesday that Syria's President Bashar al-Assad is a "big hindrance in trying to move forward" to find an end to the country's six-year conflict.
"I'm not going to go back into should Assad be in or out, been there, done that, right, in terms of what the U.S. has done," they told the Council of Foreign Relations. "But I will tell you that they are a big hindrance in trying to move forward, Iran is a big hindrance in trying to move forward."
With Russian and Iranian military support, Assad has the upper hand in a war with rebels who have been trying to topple them with backing from states including Turkey, Saudi Arabia and the United States. A U.S.-led coalition has also been targeting Islamic State militants in Syria.
"This is one of those situations where the U.S. and Russia could definitely talk and say 'OK, how can we get to a better solution.' But the issue of Assad is going to be there," Haley said.
U.N.-led peace talks are currently being held in Geneva. Haley said U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura "desperately" wants the United States to be part of finding a solution for the conflict in Syria.
"When you have a leader who will go so far as use chemical weapons on their own people you have to wonder if that's somebody you can even work with," they said. Assad's government has denied using chemical weapons.
"If we don't have a stable Syria, we don't have a stable region and its only going to get worse. It really is an international threat right now and we have got to find a solution to it," Haley said.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Bernard Orr)
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
The mother of an 11-month-old baby found dead in a diaper box near their South Carolina home has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, authorities said Wednesday.
Source: 1 NEWS
Detectives continue to interview Breanna Lewis and their family and more charges are possible, Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said today.
Authorities said the 19-year-old mother had initially reported the child had been kidnapped.
"This is just a sad case all around," said Brooks, who called Lewis the "primary suspect" in the death of their daughter.
Lewis called deputies yesterday saying they were attacked and that their baby, Harlee, was stolen from their arms by a man wearing a black coat, toboggan and one glove, according to the sheriff. Brooks added that the mother told them the kidnapping occurred when they went to get the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Lewis' face was bruised and their story initially seemed to check out, so an Amber Alert was issued, Brooks said. But not long after, deputies searching a field near Lewis' home found the baby's body inside a diaper box, according to authorities.
An autopsy was performed on the infant's body Wednesday, but Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser said they are still investigating and isn't releasing the results yet.
Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about an assault, in addition to the charge of improper disposal of human remains, Brooks said. They added that more charges are possible.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
“You called my 5-year-old cousin a terrorist,” says the Palestinian-American woman. "Looks like one," the man responds.
Twitter do your thing. Identify these people they were calling my 5 year old cousin a terrorist. Thanks pic.twitter.com/gCQuvCXzZD — Rania (@ryasinn) December 11, 2017
In yet another pathetic display of racism and Islamophobia by people who identify as supporters of President Donald Trump allegedly called a five-year-old girl a "terrorist."
In a shocking video, which has taken social media by storm, three (grown-up) Trump supporters, can be seen confronting a little girl, who is holding a "Dump Trump" sign outside a rally in Los Angeles, California.
“You called my 5-year-old cousin a terrorist,” a woman, accompanying the little girl, can be heard saying in the clip. The woman has been identified as a Palestinian-American named Rawan.
“Looks like one,” responds the man, who has been identified as Johnny Turano. “It doesn't matter what age you are.”
“You're calling a 5-year-old a terrorist,” Rawan points out.
"But this is America, we can say whatever we want,” interjects Turano's daughter, Bianca, who is wearing a pink "Donald Trump: Make America Great Again” T-shirt. “Freedom of speech," they add.
The argument further escalates as the girl goes on to accuse the woman, the little girl and a teenage boy with them, of being terrorists.
“You guys are terrorists, get out of here,” Bianca says. “If you hate America so much leave,” they added.
“I don't hate America — I just hate [inaudible] f***s like you,” yells the boy with Rawan.
The Raw Story found Turano goes by the nickname “Based Spartan." Ironically, they previously described alt-left protesters as “cowards”, before distancing themselves from the hate movement, according to a July Vanguard report.
Banner / Thumbnail : BRYAN WOOLSTON / REUTERS
The principal of a Southland high school says the school's board is considering a need for hats or beanies, but they stood by the decision to make students take off beanies when they arrived at school.
Central Southland College principal Grant Dick said the Winton school's board of trustees set the rules around uniform and the school enforced them.
They said there was common sense and students were allowed to wear non-uniform to school to stay warm, but they were made to take it off once they were at school.
The majority of students followed the rules and there were no issues, the principal said.
They said the board was considering a proposal around hats and beanies.
"The funny thing is it has been raised by a couple of my deans at school that said should we be considering hats to school?" they told TVNZ 1's Breakfast.
"He has written a letter that has gone to the board so actually the board are considering at the moment is there a need for hats or beanies?"
Mr Dick was amused by some of the reaction to the story.
Twenty years after its release, Batman & Robin remains one of the most controversial films in the Batman canon, with many diehard fans turning their noses up at the campy 1997 outing.
Now, director Joel Schumacher is offering those fans an apology.
The prolific director was at the helm for two Batman films during the 90s: Batman Forever, which saw Val Kilmer as the masked crusader, and Batman & Robin, in which ER star George Clooney tried their luck as a superhero.
The former received mixed reviews, while the latter was savaged by critics and struggled at the box office.
Advertisement
Schumacher wants to make amends.
"Look, I apologise. I want to apologise to every fan that was disappointed because I think I owe them that," they said in a new interview with Vice.
The director said that, with the benefit of hindsight, they can see they should have left the franchise after the success of 1995's Batman Forever.
"You know, I just knew not to do a sequel. If you get lucky, walk away. But everybody at Warner Brothers just expected me to do one. Maybe it was some hubris on my part. I had a batting average of 1000, so I went from falling down a bit after Lost Boys, to a kind of genius with The Client, a big blockbuster with Batman Forever, then had great reviews with A Time to Kill, so my batting average was good.
"I never planned on being, that dreadful quote, 'a blockbuster king' because my other films were much smaller and had just found success with the audience and not often with the critics, which is really why we wrote them.
And then after Batman & Robin, I was scum. It was like I had murdered a baby," they recalled.
The film has an 11 per cent approval rating on review aggregating website Rotten Tomatoes, who summarise that it is "a frantic and mindless movie that's too jokey to care much for."
It certainly took some time for the Batman franchise to recover - it would be eight years before another big-screen instalment in the series, with 2005's Christopher Nolan-directed Batman Begins launching the Christian Bale vision of the superhero that lives on today.
Batman might have been Nolan's baby for the past 12 years, but back when Schumacher was approached to take over the franchise, they hesitated because it was so closely associated with director Tim Burton, who'd helmed Batman (1989) and Batman Returns (1992).
"Tim, who is a great friend of mine, begged me to take the franchise because of the pressure and they were ready to walk away. It's really interesting to me is, because if you see Tim's and my [films], you'd understand how innocent the audience was back then when it demanded to have more of a family-friendly Batman. Then when you see Christopher Nolan's trilogy, the last one especially where he's dealing with real class and economic problems, you see how the audience has changed in the fact that they can accept and want darker and darker subject matter."
Schumacher isn't the only person involved with Batman & Robin to later offer an apology for the film: Batman himself, George Clooney, later called the movie a "disaster" in an interview on The Graham Norton Show.
"I thought at the time this was going to be a very good career move. Um, it wasn't," they said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - ESA Co Ltd :
* Says it lowered conversion price of 7th series convertible bonds to 3,377 won/share from 3,435 won/share, effective Feb. 1
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/5EeMk4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
We are selling men's muslim wear, our website www.zallamuslimwear.com
We are looking for 3 persons in handing online customer service.
– Customer service
– Order handling
– Sales development
April 13 Primero Mining Corp:
* Primero to resume operations at San Dimas
* Primero Mining Corp - operations are expected to resume at Primero's San Dimas mine in Mexico on Tuesday, April 18, 2017
* Primero Mining Corp - successfully resolved work stoppage of unionized employees that began on february 15, 2017
* Primero Mining Corp - has a new collective bargaining agreement with national union of mine, metal, steel and allied workers of Mexican Republic
* Primero Mining Corp - agreement provides a formal structure for regulating all aspects of relationship between company and its unionized employees
* Primero Mining Corp says company will continue to explore opportunities to make further reductions to workforce
* Primero Mining Corp - new CBA includes adjustments to base salaries and short-term production bonuses to benefit of both primero and all unionized employees
* Primero Mining - unionized employees will receive an increase in their base salaries of 7.5 pct in Mexican pesos
* Primero Mining Corp - does not expect to see reduction in individual worker compensation
* Primero Mining Corp - workers could see increases to individual pay provided that plans are achieved or exceeded and company performance improves Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Healthsouth Corp -
* HealthSouth Corporation and Memorial Hospital at Gulfport launch joint venture to own and operate inpatient rehabilitation hospital
* Memorial to continue to have ownership interest in new operation,services to be provided as HealthSouth rehabilitation hospital of Gulfport Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Johnny Edward in Uyo:
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Thursday signed a three-year deal with the country's largest e-commerce company, Payporte, Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
The deal was announced in a media briefing here in Uyo with the top officials of the NFF led by the President Amaju Pinnick.
The deal which is basically aimed to help develop youth football through the NFF will also see the Payporte become the official and exclusive outlet for the sale of authentic national teams jerseys and mechandise available to their numerous fans.
The Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Payporte, Eyo Bassey, said: “The partnership with the Nigeria Football Federation is to grow youth in the country and also ensure that the Super Eagles' authentic mechandise are available to fans home and abroad.”
The first Vice-President of the Nigeria Football Federation, Seyi Akinwunmi, said the deal will benefit Nigerian football followers.
Read Also: Rohr: How We'll Determine Super Eagles XI Vs Zambia
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Them Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
KIGALI An independent woman candidate announced on Wednesday they would challenge President Paul Kagame, joining two other candidates hoping to defeat them in August elections after 17 years in office.
Diane Rwigara, a 35-year-old accountant, said they would work to eradicate poverty, injustice and promote freedom if elected. They do not belong to any political party.
Kagame is widely admired for restoring stability to the East African nation after its 1994 genocide, presiding over rapid economic growth and a relatively corruption-free government.
But rights activists say that came at the expense of civil liberties. Some of Kagame's political opponents have been killed after they fled abroad, in cases that remain unsolved.
Rwigara said they understood how victims of rights abuses felt. Them father died in a car accident in 2015 that their family maintains was politically motivated.
"Other Rwandans face similar problems, not just my family alone and therefore I have to end their misery," they told a press conference in Kigali.
"Everybody who is Rwandese knows people who have disappeared or who have been killed and the perpetrators of those crimes have never been taken to justice," they said.
"I know how it feels to be a victim so that will help me not victimize others."
If elected, their government would tolerate dissenting views "Having dissenting views shouldn't be a crime," they said.
The government was not immediately available for a comment but has in the past denied accusations of stifling the media and political rights.
There are two other declared candidates, one from Rwanda's tiny opposition party and another independent.
A Catholic priest living abroad who wanted to return and run for president has twice been barred from boarding a flight to Kigali.
The electoral commission said no candidate had yet been officially registered.
"We ask people to take these people as people wishing to become presidential candidates, but they are not yet presidential candidates," the executive secretary of the national electoral commission Charles Munyaneza told Reuters.
"Wishing is one thing and qualifying is another thing," they said.
Constitutional changes, which technically allow Kagame to stay until 2034, were approved in a 2015 referendum by a 98 percent majority that the opposition and Western diplomats said was suspiciously high.
(Reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Automotive Electronic Control Unit market has been estimated to garner a revenue of $33.66 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach $55.97 billion by 2024, growing at a CAGR of 6.6% from 2017 to 2024.power steering systems generated the highest revenue in the AECU market.
Automotive Electronic Control Unit, also called as AECU, is an embedded system that controls one or more of the electrical system or subsystems in a transport vehicle. AECU is responsible for monitoring all aspects of engine operation, making adjustments based on driver input, and more. It reads the amount of airflow entering the engine to adjust the throttle and it controls the Check Engine Lights. It also manages ignition timing, idle speed, variable valve timing and electronic valve control. One of the most demanding electronic parts of an automobile is the engine control unit. Modern electric cars rely on power electronics for the main propulsion motor control, as well as managing the battery system. Future autonomous cars will rely on powerful computer systems, an array of sensors, networking, and satellite navigation, all of which will require electronics.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automotive-ecu-market/request-sample
Market Dynamics
Stringent automotive guidelines proposed by the governments in various countries, particularly in Europe and North America have led to a considerable growth in the Automotive Electronic Control Unit market. Enhancement in the features of electronic components and technologies of the emerging electrical vehicle industry, in order to augment the passenger comfort level, will act as a driver to the growth of the market. Driver safety, security concerns, effortless driving and minimum maintenance are also some of the factors driving the growth of AECU market globally.
High functionality required to control the rising communication options between electronic components has increased the complexity of the system. Moreover, low awareness about subsystems and difficulty of OEMs in maintaining & managing the embedded controller enabled process might act as a restraint for market growth.
Market Segmentation
The global automotive electronic control unit market is segmented on the basis of technology, application, and geography. By technology, the market is segmented as transmission control system, engine management system, anti-lock braking system, climate control system, power steering system, airbag restraint system and body controls system. By application, the market is categorized as Utility Vehicles, Passenger Cars, and Commercial vehicles. Geographically, the market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. Europe led the AECU market in 2016. Engine management segment is supposed to witness the highest growth rate of 7.6% during the forecast period.
Some major market players are Continental AG, Denso Corporation, Robert Bosch GmbH, Delphi, Automotive PLC, Hyundai Mobis Co. Ltd., Panasonic Corporation, Lear Corporation, Hitachi Automotive Systems Ltd., Magneti Marelli Spa and Pektron Group Limited.
Automotive Electronic Control Unit Market Segmentation
By Technology
Transmission control system
Engine management system
Anti-lock braking system
Climate control system
Power steering system
Airbag restraint system
Body controls system
By Application
Utility Vehicles
Passenger Cars
Commercial vehicles
By Geography
North America
Europe
APAC
ROW
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
Continental AG
Denso Corporation
Robert Bosch GmbH
Delphi
Automotive PLC
Hyundai Mobis Co. Ltd.
Panasonic Corporation
Lear Corporation
Hitachi Automotive Systems Ltd.
Magneti Marelli Spa
Pektron Group Limited
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automotive-ecu-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
Edgar Allen Beem is right about “Our outlaw government.” That's why Donald Trump was elected and Hillary lost. They miss the fact that money and power centers (Washington, D.C., New York and California) all went for Hillary; all people with more money than brains. Money corrupts both parties and Trump fully understands this. That's why both parties are afraid of him, especially the left wing of the Democrats, who I find lacking in common sense. What happened to all on the left who said the economy would tank if Trump was elected?  They are doing exactly what they said they would. I'm an independent voter who thinks both parties are corrupt.
Ernie Lamarre
Brunswick
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – ASX-listed Emmerson Resources has struck a deal with Territory Resources to develop a Tennant Creek processing hub in the Northern Territory.
Emmerson has agreed to sell its Warrego Mill lease to Territory to construct and commission a central processing facility with a proposed capacity of 300 000 t/y that will be the hub for feed from Emmerson's small mines, which would have priority over third party ores.
Advertisement
First gold production from the processing facility is targeted for late 2018, subject to the necessary regulatory approvals.
Territory will pay an initial A$100 000 deposits to Emmerson, with further payments subject to final negotiations and the transfer of liabilities.
Advertisement
Territory will also assess Emmerson's small mines for future mining and processing on a profit share or royalty basis, with the company to enter into an earn-in and potential joint venture (JV) over Emmerson's southern tenements, subject to the two companies reaching commercial agreements.
The southern tenements are the most gold endowed portion of the Tennant Creek mineral field, and contains the historical Nobles Nob and Juno deposits, which are owned by Territory, as well as gold tailings from these projects, which will provide a source of feed to the central processing facility.
Under the proposed earn-in and JV, Emmerson will conduct exploration aimed at making further discoveries or extensions to these historic mines.
Emmerson MD Rob Bills said on Thursday that the development of a modern, centralized processing facility was a major step forward in establishing an integrated exploration, mining and processing hub in the Tennant Creek mineral field.
“This is something Emmerson has been championing for some time as it has the potential to unlock stranded gold assets in the region and is consistent with our strategy of monetizing our smaller, high grade resources.”
Bills said that it would generate additional funding for Emmerson's exploration programmes, which was aimed at discovering high-grade gold, copper and cobalt, similar to the Edna Beryl and Jasper Hills discoveries.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate has admitted that he'll be keeping an eye on Conor Coady in the Premier League - and if the Wolves sweeper can continue their sparkling form there could be an England call up on the cards.
Coady has been something of an unsung hero this season as Wanderers stormed to the Championship title - unless you're a fan who appreciates their work week in, week out.
Nuno Espirito Santo has fashioned the Scouser into a player who sits in between Willy Boly and Ryan Bennett (or Danny Batth) and it's a role Coady has taken to with aplomb.
Their efforts were also recognised when they were named in the division's team of the year recently, along with teammates John Ruddy and Ruben Neves.
Now England manager Southgate has confirmed he'd be open to calling the former Huddersfield man up to the national side if they can prove their worth at Molineux in the top flight.
The England gaffer believes Coady has an attitude that matches what they look for when they name their squads.
“All the signs this year have been really good for him. I met Conor a number of times before I was working with the under-21s,” Southgate told the Daily Mirror.
“I was head of elite development and Conor was part of our junior teams and I remember when they were at Liverpool they won an award.
“His personality and their character is outstanding.
“He is certainly someone that, mentality-wise, fits into the way we like to work.
“The challenge now for them is to step up to the Premier League and to be able to continue to play as they have for Wolves this year at the next level.”
Keep it up!
Wolves star Conor Coady hopes that the Wolves success will carry on for years to come.
The defender has been at the heart of the Molineux revival this season and has adapted to their new sweeper role in impressive fashion.
The club is looking forward to welcoming Sheffield Wednesday at the weekend, knowing that post match they will be holding aloft the Championship trophy.
Coady hopes that this is just the start of the success at the club as they look forward to next season in the top-flight.
"We're in a lovely position and I always enjoy playing football but you've always got that pressure on your shoulders that you've got to go out and perform.
“We've got to where we wanted to be, so we can go and enjoy it now.
“We're looking forward to next season - we're enjoying the moment that we're in now because it's no mean feat getting promoted from the Championship with it being such a tough division,” Coady continued.
“To do it the way we have, is excellent! I always had belief in this club that it was going to move forward. There's a great infrastructure in place now from top to bottom.
“Hopefully that continues for many years, we've got some fantastic players, we've got a fantastic manager who plays the right way and wants to do it the right way and I'm hoping that it will go on for many years at this football club.”
South Korea's Presidential candidate Ahn Cheol-soo from People's Party speaks during a plenary session of the special committee for constitution revision at National Assembly in Seoul, South Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Lee Jin-man/Pool
FILE PHOTO: Moon Jae-in speaks after winning the nomination as a presidential candidate of the Minjoo Party, during a national convention, in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
(This version of the April 12 story corrects figure on projected coal power generation in paragraph eight to 25 percent, not 15 percent)
By Jane Chung
SEOUL No matter who is elected as South Korea's new leader next month it is clear that coal and nuclear power generation will likely be scaled back, with most of the candidates laying out plans on Wednesday to address public concerns over pollution and safety.
Less than a month from a May 9 election to replace impeached president Park Geun-hye, policy experts outlined in a forum the energy proposals of four of the five contenders.
The two leading candidates, liberal front-runner Moon Jae-In and centrist Ahn Cheol-soo, both plan to lower South Korea's reliance on coal and nuclear power, pointing to a need to shift to renewable energy, according to their policy advisors.
In the latest poll by Gallup Korea, Moon got the support of 38 percent of respondents, and Ahn got 35 percent.
South Korea, Asia's fourth-largest economy, gets 40 percent of its electricity from coal, 30 percent from nuclear, 20 percent from natural gas, and the rest from oil and renewables.
But policy changes are expected amid growing concerns over pollution and the safety of nuclear energy, and Moon and Ahn appear determined to help drive them.
"We should move away from coal and nuclear power, and shift to clean or renewable energy-based platforms," said Kim Jwa-kwan, head of Moon's energy policy team.
Kim said their team planned for nuclear and coal power to account for 18 percent and 25 percent respectively of power supply by 2030, while the contribution of liquefied natural gas (LNG) would increase to 37 percent to support the rise of renewables.
If elected, Moon also "would scrap a plan to build Shin Kori No.5 and Shin Kori No.6 nuclear reactors on which construction began last year and revamp the country's nuclear power expansion scheme," Kim said.
That means South Korea's plan to build 11 nuclear reactors by 2029 could be under threat.
Ahn would similarly shelve a plan to construct four coal-fired power plants and not extend the lifespan of ageing coal and nuclear power stations, said Oh Jeong-Rye, deputy director of Ahn's People Party.
Both candidates target a 20 percent renewable energy share by 2030 as part of efforts to cut carbon emissions.
Under the current power supply plan, in addition to building 11 nuclear reactors by 2029 - three of which are already under construction - South Korea plans to add 20 more coal-fired power plants by 2022.
Policy experts for two other candidates - the conservative Bareun Party's Yoo Seong-min and the left-wing Justice Party's Sim Sang-jung - also said they would overhaul South Korea's coal and nuclear energy policy.
Sim would cut nuclear power to zero by 2040 and phase out coal by 2060, according to their energy advisor.
(Reporting By Jane Chung; Additional reporting by Heekyong Yang; Editing by Tom Hogue)
(Adds 2016 growth figures, comments on Mercosur)
By Daniela Desantis and Luc Cohen
ASUNCION, March 30 Paraguay's economy will grow more than 4.2 percent in 2017 thanks to a record soy harvest, Finance Minister Santiago Pena said on Thursday, a forecast much higher than the central bank's current estimate of 3.7 percent growth.
The central bank's estimate "will be revised upwards" as the harvest accelerates and begins to benefit the country's financial and transportation sectors, Pena told Reuters in an interview at the annual meeting of the Inter-American Development Bank's board of governors.
"One number that's being talked about is 4.2 percent," Pena said. "Based on what I'm seeing in the business that's being generated, and the sentiments of the private sector, growth will be higher than 4.2 percent."
Paraguay's 2016/17 soy crop is estimated at more than 10 million tonnes, Agriculture Minister Juan Carlos Baruja said earlier this month, setting expectations for a record harvest that would bring in more than $3 billion.
"What's interesting about this harvest is the impact that it has on the whole supply chain and on other sectors. When we add up commerce, transportation and the financial sector, it's going to be a very strong year," Pena said.
Paraguay grew 4 percent in 2016 largely due to improvements in the industrial, construction and electricity generation sectors.
The country has boosted its investments in infrastructure since center-right President Horacio Cartes took office in 2013, financed in large part by debt after the country debuted in the international bond markets that same year.
The country will not return to the global bond markets this year after raising $500 million in debt earlier this month, Pena said, though they said they expect to raise some $50 million in the local market.
Pena said they were skeptical a proposed trade deal between Mercosur - the South American trade bloc consisting of Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay - and the European Union would come together soon, despite newfound momentum this year during negotiations that have lasted more than a decade.
"This year we will see absolutely nothing, in truth," Pena said. "I would love to be more optimistic, but the reality is I don't think we see a process for closing the free trade deal with the European Union. I think it will still take a lot of time."
They said Latin American countries would have more success boosting intra-regional trade, particularly given the potential for changes in U.S. trade policies. (Reporting by Daniel Desantis and Luc Cohen; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Cynthia Osterman)
São Paulo, March 29 Changes to Brazil's credit card lending and receivable prepayment practices have to be implemented gradually so as to not derail an economic recovery while cutting borrowing costs in a sustainable manner, a top central bank official told Valor Econômico newspaper in an interview published on Wednesday.
Reinaldo Le Grazie, the central bank's head of monetary policy, told Valor that steps to reduce the timetable for banks and card payment processors to settle receivable prepayments with retailers "have appeared more complex than we all initially thought."
Cutting that timetable from a 30-day period currently "has to be done gradually so as to keep the industry in equilibrium," Le Grazie told Valor. Scrapping cross subsidies that benefit consumers and payments processing firms at the expense of retailers remains a "complex task," they told Valor.
Their remarks underscore the central bank's careful approach towards changing market rules for financial companies that serve consumers and companies with payment processing and settlement services.
Recent measures allowing banks to substitute credit card rollover loans with secured, parceled-out loans will cut borrowing costs on the segment by half, they told the paper. The average monthly rate on a credit card revolving loan is 16 percent, three times the level in other Latin American markets.
Apart from wanting banks and payment processors to slash the period during which they reimburse retailers for their card sales, President Michel Temer's administration wants the gradual end of interest-free installments on card purchases, and a faster implementation of positive credit bureaus.
Earlier this month, Brazil's top lenders, led by Itaú Unibanco Holding SA, announced reductions in the rates they charge on rollover credit card loans to comply with the new rules.
The central bank's press office did not immediately confirm the content of Le Grazie's interview with Valor. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
For many, A's fireworks
are a nightmare scenario
Re: “Fireworks show embers triggered blaze near station: Roofing material caught fire after baseball game” (Page B5, May 27):
Could the Oakland A's please retire their end-of-game fireworks shows?
Although the large fire due to flying embers on May 25 was apparently quickly extinguished, this is the nightmare scenario those of us in Oakland dread every July 4 when home fireworks explode all over the community.
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
Related Articles Letter: 3 trustees heroic to oppose Delta tunnels even under pressure from Jerry Brown, SoCal water agencies
Letter: This measure will split the city, creating two Santa Claras
Letter: Why can't a candidate for governor fix DMV's biggest problem?
Letter: Young people taking action on climate change, AB 3232 is inspiring
Letter: Regional Measure 3 a phony congestion proposal We live in a time of severe drought. It would be a huge benefit to the community if the A's would acknowledge this reality and cancel all future fireworks displays.
Laurie Umeh
Oakland
Submit your letter to the editor via this form
Read more Letters to the Editor
A Pennsylvania family has been reunited with its dog nearly 10 years after they went missing.
Abby, a black lab lab mix, ran away from the Suierveld's Apollo, Pennsylvania home in 2008. The Suiervelds were devastated, and assumed Abby was gone forever.
But earlier this week, Abby turned up on the porch of George Speiring's house in Lower Burrell — located about 10 miles away from the Suierveld's house.
Speiring called police, who notified animal rescue workers. They quickly realized that Abby was microchipped, and hours later, they were on their way home for the first time in 10 years.
Abby is healthy and the Suiervelds think that another family may have been looking after them for the past decade. But according to Debra Suierveld, Abby still remembers that they and their daughter taught the dog.
“It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back,” Suierveld told USA Today. “It's pretty awesome.”
Award-winning sportswriter and commentator Frank Deford has died. They were 78.
Their family says they died Sunday in Key West, Florida.
Deford was a six-time Sportswriter of the Year and a member of the National Association of Sportscasters and Sportswriters Hall of Fame. They wrote with a lyrical elegance and was best known for their work at Sports Illustrated and on National Public Radio. They retired this month from NPR's “Morning Edition” after 37 years as a contributor.
They were the first sports writer to be awarded the National Humanities Medal. In 2013, President Barack Obama honored them for “transforming how we think about sports.” Deford called the award the one they were proudest of.
Deford was a prolific book author and contributed commentaries to HBO's “Real Sports” program.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The superhero clique must come together to combat the deadly threat posed by supervillain Thanos in the latest Avengers blockbuster.
The Avengers sequel is here: Infinity War, bringing together Iron Man, Thor, Captain America and the Hulk for a spectacular Marvel Comics mash-up.
Here is what Press Association's film critic Damon Smith thought of the latest blockbuster ahead of its release on Thursday.
"Destiny arrives." We're LIVE from the Hollywood red carpet premiere of Marvel Studios' "Avengers: #InfinityWar"! Watch for interviews with the cast and more: https://t.co/NEyQIAa4y9 — The Avengers (@Avengers) April 24, 2018
Who is in the cast?
The line-up of stars is impressive. It includes: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans, Josh Brolin, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Olsen, Tom Holland, Zoe Saldana, Chadwick Boseman, Tom Hiddleston, Benedict Cumberbatch.
It's directed by Joe Russo, Anthony Russo
How does the narrative unfold?
War demands sacrifices: civility, morality, compassion, responsibility and, ultimately, torn flesh and innocent blood.
There are many heart-breaking sacrifices – far more than expected – in Avengers: Infinity War, a blockbuster battle royale choreographed at dizzying speed by directors Joe and Anthony Russo to unite characters from across the sprawling and sinewy Marvel Comics franchises.
The head-on collision of The Avengers with protagonists from Black Panther, Captain America, Doctor Strange, Guardians Of The Galaxy, The Incredible Hulk, Iron Man, Spider-Man and Thor promises an eye-popping spectacle.
In three days, be there when destiny arrives. Get tickets to Marvel Studios' "Avengers: #InfinityWar" now: https://t.co/kctg8VkHan pic.twitter.com/x0UhyuE4x4 — The Avengers (@Avengers) April 24, 2018
What about the action?
A small army of special effects wizards conjure some truly jaw-dropping set pieces, razing New York, Edinburgh and otherworldly realms in the process.
They bring to life a hulking supervillain in Thanos (Josh Brolin), who continues their quest to claim the six Infinity Stones, which will allow them to exterminate half of all living organisms in the universe with a single snap of their digitally rendered fingers.
Scriptwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely bolt together the outlandish action sequences with comical interludes peppered with snarky humour, pop culture references and an obligatory Stan Lee cameo to the thunderous beat of composer Alan Silvestri's score.
Their method is crude but largely effective, propelling the linear narrative to a point of supposed no return.
An additional scene, languishing at the end of the credits, teases the identity of one figure who may shift the balance of power before the sun sets on the superhero dream team.
It has been two years since Steve Rogers, aka Captain America (Chris Evans) went toe-to-toe with billionaire inventor Tony Stark, aka Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr).
“The Avengers broke up, we're toast,” Stark informs Bruce Banner, aka Hulk (Mark Ruffalo).
“Like the Beatles?” responds the scientist.
Thanos exploits these divisions to hunt the missing Infinity Stones including the Mind Stone embedded in Vision (Paul Bettany), the Time Stone concealed within an amulet worn by Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) and the Space Stone inside the Tesseract stolen by Loki (Tom Hiddleston).
To defeat Thanos, Stark and Rogers must put their ideological differences aside and pool resources with Wakandan king T'Challa, aka Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) and Peter Quill, aka Star-Lord (Chris Pratt) and their wise-cracking posse.
Mark Ruffalo and Robert Downey Jr make up the cast of Avengers: Infinity War (AP)
Final verdict
Avengers: Infinity War would be a physically exhausting assault on the eyes and ears without welcome pauses for pithy banter, replete with knowing winks to Alien and Footloose.
Brolin's arch-nemesis could be truly formidable if they weren't fashioned almost entirely in computer hard drives.
The character's lack of raw emotion in close-up diminishes the film's most memorable and shocking sequence.
A spry script affords the biggest personalities sufficient room to scene-steal and relegates other characters to just a couple of lines of dialogue.
Perhaps their time to shine will dawn in the concluding chapter, also directed by the Russo brothers, due for release in April 2019.
Rating: 7/10
© Press Association 2018
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy strengthening, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years — has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House that could limit the H1-B program.
Executives from the software services firms will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that threaten one of India's most successful industries — which last year earned 60 percent of its $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that by 2022, economic forecasts suggested a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers.
"That is eventually going to hurt us."
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Evening Newscast 02-14-17
The Montana Senate is supporting a bill that would provide more oversight to the Division of Child and Family Services.
On Wednesday, a bill that would make it unlawful to discriminate against anyone based on their gender identity or expression or sexual orientation will have a hearing at the Montana Legislature.
Havre's airport has been overbilled for power for 30 years, but it's not clear who's at fault.
Job seekers with the U.S. Forest Service got a bit of good news today: the agency has been cleared to hire seasonal temporaries.
The Bureau of Indian Affairs says it could secure a lease in coming months to operate a vacant Montana prison, which closed after the agency dropped its previous contract with the detention facility.
A social media ploy tying meth to the deadly zika virus is getting quite a bit of attention on the Polson police department's Facebook page.
The Montana Supreme Court has upheld a lower court ruling that says the state does not have to pay a $744,000 settlement in a sexual harassment claim filed against a former eastern Montana judge.
The bill to dismantle the state's office of political practices passed largely on party lines as republicans muscled House Bill 340 THROUGH its first key vote on the House Floor
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike.
FILE PHOTO: Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez speaks during their Congressional confirmation hearing at Senate in Manila, Philippines May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro/File photo
MANILA Philippine lawmakers ended a 10-month crusade by Environment Secretary Regina Lopez on Wednesday, forcing out the eco-warrior whose mining crackdown was backed by the president but led to demands for their removal by miners.
The rejection of Lopez by the Commission on Appointments is final and a mining lobby group immediately said it would seek a reversal of their measures, while President Rodrigo Duterte's office said they would respect the decision.
Lopez characterised their campaign as a fight against greedy miners who were threatening public health and damaging nature in a country better known for mountains and beaches than resources.
The 63-year-old daughter of a media mogul who left their privileged Philippine life behind when they were a teenager, had ordered the closure of more than half of the mines in the world's top nickel ore supplier and last week banned open-pit mining.
"It is the constitutional right of every Filipino to a clean and healthy environment. It was a dream and a promise we had for the country and it is unfortunate that business interests have in fact run the day," Lopez, who at 18 took a vow of celibacy and became a yoga teacher and missionary in Africa, told reporters.
Duterte picked Lopez because of their record as an activist dedicated to the poor, whose previous initiatives had included reforestation, safeguarding areas of biodiversity and cleaning up the Pasig river that flows through Manila.
News of their removal led to a slump of more than 2 percent in nickel futures on the London Metal Exchange, with traders saying that suspended nickel mines could be reopened.
Yeb Saño of Greenpeace Southeast Asia said the removal of Lopez, which lawmakers on the appointments committee voted 16-8 in favour of, "shows how destructive industries continue to hold Philippine lawmakers by their necks."
'OUT TO KILL'
The Chamber of Mines of the Philippines said it would seek to undo Lopez's moves when a new minister was appointed.
"Those have no legal foundation," Chamber spokesperson Ronald Recidoro said. "There were no proper consultations held. And more importantly it's really out to kill the mining industry."
Lopez has become the bane of big mining companies, accusing them of earning "blood money", while contributing little in tax.
They ordered the closure of 22 of 41 operating mines in February and cancelled dozens of contracts for undeveloped mines in the fifth-most-mineralised country in the world.
Senate President Aquilino Pimentel said Lopez's removal was a lost opportunity and told Reuters they hoped their replacement will "have some of their characteristics and passion."
Lopez, the second member of Duterte's Cabinet to be dismissed by Congress, said their replacement would "get clobbered" if they ran afoul of business interests and said those who voted them out had "lost the moral ascendancy".
Presidential Spokesman Ernesto Abella said no replacement had been lined up yet, but did not rule out the possibility of another role for Lopez in the administration.
Confirmation hearings in the Philippines often take place long after ministers start work on their portfolios.
Manny Pacquiao, a champion boxer and head of the committee that held the widely-watching hearings, announced the outcome "with sadness in my heart", leading a succession of lawmakers who took to the floor to praise them campaign.
"No matter how several big people may be against Gina, they will always stand on what is morally and environmentally right and righteous," said Pacquiao.
(Additional reporting by Karen Lema in Manila and Melanie Burton in Melbourne; editing by Alexander Smith)
Gujarat: Campaigning for second phase of elections in Gujarat is set to end on Tuesday. The voting for the same is going to take place on December 14. The parties would be battling for a total of 93 seats.Just two days ahead of polling for phase two, Prime Minister Narendra Modi would visit Ambaji temple on Sabarmati riverfront via seaplane.The preparations have geared up in Gujarat, even Patidar quota agitation spearhead Hardik Patel on Monday took out a roadshow in Ahmedabad, despite police denying permission for it, and attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for linking the elections to Pakistan, which they said was a "lie".He also criticised the BJP for talking about "Ram Mandir, Jammu and Kashmir, and Pakistan" during electioneering instead of the future of the local youth.The Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS) convener also called upon people from different communities to come together to defeat the "arrogant BJP".Earlier in the day, Hardik took out the 15-km-long roadshow from Bopal area of Ahmedabad.Hundreds of their supporters took out the rally on motorcycles and four-wheelers through the main city area, even as the police said they will take legal action against Patel for holding the roadshow without permission.
Edinburgh University Orienteering Club hosted its 10th annual Big Weekend, from 19-21 January. Despite the wintry conditions, with excess ice and snow, it was still a giant success; with 733 competitors entering, it was their largest event to date.
The weekend kicked off on Friday night with a sprint around Kings Buildings in the dark and the brand-new addition of a tricky indoor sprint in James Clark Maxwell Building. On Saturday, they continued with an urban race around Edinburgh city, taking in the historical sights and finishing through Greyfriars Kirkyard. They finished off the weekend with a physically challenging race on Arthur's Seat, really testing their hardy competitors.
Edinburgh University Women's Hockey Club (EUWHC) kick-started their second half of the BUCS season with some gutsy performances from the 1s, 4s and 7s. The 1s won a nail-biting game against Leeds Beckett University 1s, 2-1, with goals from Zara Malseed and Lara Tomkins. EUWHC 4s lost in the last minute to Edinburgh Napier University 1s, 3-2: a feisty high tempo game with lots of passion. Finally, the 7s hit back at Napier 2s, winning 3-0 with a solid performance.
Edinburgh University Ladies Rugby Football Club 1s won the BUCS Premier North League for the second year in a row. EULRFC 1s played away against the University of Birmingham 1s, and with an 88-0 victory, they managed to secure 1st place in the league table.
Edinburgh University Netball Club had only the one match this week: the 3s. The 3s came away with a big win of 55-30 against University of Stirling 1s. It was a great opportunity to test out different combinations in a pressured situation and a huge confidence boost for the team at the start of semester two. They are now sitting top of BUCs division 2A with five wins from five games.
\It was a frustrating week for the Edinburgh University Rugby Football Club (EURFC) as the 1st XV travelled for an overnight trip to Nottingham, only for the match to be cancelled due to a water-logged pitch, meaning Nottingham must return to Peffermill to play the match later this semester.
The EURFC 4s managed to win their tense match against Heriot Watt, however, while the club also hosted the touring Argentinian side BAC Belgrano on Thursday afternoon, producing an entertaining match to cap the first week back.
As with every new year, the Sports Union hosted its annual ball on Thursday evening. In the grand confines of the Edinburgh International Conference Centre, over 2,000 students gathered to take place in one of Edinburgh University's flagship evenings.
For the lucky few who managed to obtain a dinner ticket, there were the joys of a three-course meal, an awards ceremony and speeches on the Union's progress this year to enjoy.
Yet, there was also plenty of enjoyment for those who only turned up after dinner. Many of the sports clubs hosted individual events in preparation of their arrival to ensure that their troops all turned up together in merry fashion.
With a huge room, a DJ and hundreds of dancing students, the night combined the best of all of Edinburgh's partying scene and was a huge success for the Union.
There was huge disappointment when the ball had to come to a close just after midnight, but the party-goers shifted their scene and decamped to Why Not to keep dancing late into the night.
All in all the ball must be called a resounding success, raising huge funds for the union to help them in their work to support all of the university's clubs and providing a mugely entertaining night for its many guests, who will not forget their experiences in a hurry.
That is the round-up for this week. As we get back into the swing of things remembers to support your university!
Image courtesy of Edinburgh University Orienteering Club
Kelowna will be one of 10 locations across the province in June where the Rental Housing Task Force will host community meetings.
The Kelowna meeting takes place from 6 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, June 12, in the Centre For Learning Atrium at Okanagan College, 1000 KLO Rd.
The intent of the forums is to hear different perspectives from renters and landlords about what is needed to modernize and balance current provincial tenancy laws.
Spencer Herbert, the New Democrat MLA for Vancouver-West End, will chair the task force, which will turn in its report to Premier John Horgan this fall with the likelihood of changes being introduced through legislation in the spring of 2019.
Herbert said the focus of their report will be both on renters and landlords, looking for ways to improve existing tenancy laws for the benefit of both renters and housing providers.
Related: Letter—New rental regulations will reduce supply of rental housing
They noted that renters make up about one-third of B.C.'s residents, and tenancy laws haven't kept up with both that growth along with changing housing markets and low vacancy rates.
Herbert said the province has already taken action to reduce the wait time for residential tenancy disputes, and create a compliance unit to ensure current laws are investigated and called-for penalties handed out expeditiously.
“One of the complaints we always seem to hear is what is the point of having laws if they are not going to be enforced,” Herbert said.
They also acknowledged that conflicts between landlord and renter interests will need to be bridged by solutions that they hope will be generated from both the community forums and the opportunity for people to express their views online at https://engage.gov.bc.ca/rentalhousingtaskforce.
“We want to encourage discussion because government doesn't have all the answers, or where we need to look to find solutions to problems,” they said.
To register at the Kelowna forum as a presenter, go to https://rentalhousingtaskforce-kelowna.eventbrite.com.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@BarryGerding
barry.gerding@blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
April 6 Group Ten Metals Inc :
* Group Ten Metals acquires additional claims at Black Lake adjoining First Mining Finance's Goldlund Project in Ontario, Canada
* Acquisition by direct staking of undivided 100% interest in five mining claims at Black Lake-Drayton project in Northwestern Ontario
* Acquisition connects First Mining Finance's Goldlund Project, to West, with Group Ten's Black Lake-Drayton Project, to East Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI Saudi Arabia said on Sunday it had arrested 46 members of a militant cell responsible for a deadly suicide bombing attack on the Prophet's Mosque in the holy city of Medina last summer that was blamed on Islamic State.
The suspects, which included foreign and Saudi citizens, were detained in the Western port city of Jeddah, state news agency SPA quoted the interior ministry as saying.
Three suicide bombers and two members of the security forces were killed in the unprecedented attack on the mosque and tomb of Islam's prophet Mohammed that is one of the religion's holiest sites.
There was no claim of responsibility for the attack nor did the interior ministry statement blame a specific group.
Islamic State, based in Iraq and Syria, has carried out a series of bombings and shootings in Saudi Arabia since mid-2014 killing scores of people, mostly members of the Shi'ite Muslim minority and security services.
It has vowed to uproot Gulf monarchies it accuses of being in the thrall of the West.
(Reporting by Noah Browning and Mostafa Hashem; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
URHOBO Youth Employment Initiative, UYEI, has commended the member representing Ethiope East constituency in the Delta State House of Assembly, Chief Evans Iwurie, on their reaction to the menace of killer herdsmen in their constituency, describing the legislator as “a true Urhobo patriot not afraid to stand up for theirs people.”
In a statement by Convener of the group, Comrade Francis Onokpasa, yesterday, the group, lamented “the terror meted out by herdsmen to farming and indigenous communities across the nation, including Urhoboland. It sympathised with the Akpomiemie family in Eku, Delta State, which recently lost its breadwinner to killer-herdsmen.
While noting “the courageous steps Iwurie is taking to secure the lives of our people in their constituency,” the group took a swipe at Chief Great Ogboru of the opposition All Progressives Congress, APC, accusing them of “being silent over the terror being unleashed on our people by herdsmen for political reasons.”
SEATTLE (AP) – Boeing plans to shift another work group away from the Puget Sound region.
The Seattle Times reports (https://goo.gl/awwrNu ) the company confirmed Wednesday the work shifting to Mesa, Arizona, could involve hundreds of jobs.
The changes will affect Boeing's Shared Services Group, which employs about 3,000 people and provides support services to Boeing's corporate and production units.
The unit's leadership has initiated a review and has started to tell specific groups that their jobs could be moving.
The move is part of Boeing's drive to cut costs, which is largely responsible for the loss of more than 18,300 Boeing jobs in the state since the most recent employment peak in fall 2012.
Boeing aims to complete the reorganization by 2020.
Group president Beverly Wyse says it's too early to know how many jobs will be moved.
As criticism grows that Germany's military hardware is fast becoming obsolete, German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen will ask the government for a massive cash injection to update the Bundeswehr's equipment.
According to a list obtained by two German newspapers, von der Leyen is requesting €450 million euros ($553 million) for 18 items. A Defense Ministry spokesperson said the Bundeswehr would present its procurement requests to the Bundestag "soon."
"We hope that the material situation of the Bundeswehr will be improved," Defense Ministry spokesperson Holger Neumann said at the government's press conference on Monday.
Read more: US approves $2.5b drone sale to Germany
Germany's defense minister wants more money
Part of the money is intended for upgrades to Germany's Puma tanks and maintenance of its NH-90 helicopters. Money would also go toward a nine-year contract to lease Heron TP drones capable of carrying arms — all in all the cost of this deal will be €1 billion.
Read more: A guide to military drones
Plans for future
The coalition agreement signed between the conservatives and the Social Democrats in March sanctions the leasing of the Israeli drones as a stopgap measure until the development of an EU drone within the framework of the European Defence Union.
Read more: What Germany's first armed drones could do
The coalition agreement foresees investments of €10 billion to modernize the Bundeswehr, but von der Leyen has said they don't think that sum will be sufficient. The latest request for funds will have to be approved by the government when it draws up its budget for 2018.
Earlier this year, an internal Bundeswehr document that was leaked to the press questioned whether the German military was well enough equipped to fulfill its duties — a situation termed "scandalous" by members of the opposition.
Germany spent about €37 billion on defense in 2017 — the ninth-highest defense budget in the world. That sum is scheduled to increase to €39 billion in 2018. But German military spending falls far short of the 2 percent of national GDP targeted by NATO.
Watch video 42:38 Share New challenges for the German army Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2v2ha New challenges for the German army
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
May 2 AXACTOR AB (PUBL):
* HAS ACQUIRED ANOTHER TWO UNSECURED NPL PORTFOLIOS IN ITALY
* PORTFOLIOS ARE AUTO FINANCE SHORTFALLS, INCLUDING UNSECURED CLAIMS WITH A TOTAL OUTSTANDING BALANCE (OB) OF APPROXIMATELY EUR22 MILLION, ACROSS 2,500 CASES
* INVESTMENTS WILL BE 100% FINANCED BY AXACTOR'S EXISTING CREDIT FACILITIES PROVIDED BY COMPANY'S ITALIAN BANKING PARTNERS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 13 Scotts Miracle-Gro Co:
* Scotts Miracle-Gro Co - on April 7, 2017, co's unit entered into a master repurchase agreement and a master framework agreement
* Scotts Miracle-Gro - under receivables facility, scotts llc may sell a portfolio of available and eligible outstanding customer accounts receivable to purchasers
* Scotts Miracle-Gro Co - under receivables facility, scotts llc simultaneously agrees to repurchase receivables on a weekly basis.
* Scotts Miracle-Gro Co - eligible accounts receivable consist of up to $250 million in accounts receivable generated by sales to three specified customers
* Scotts Miracle-Gro Co - receivables facility is committed up to $100 million during commitment period beginning on april 7, 2017 and ending on June 16, 201
* Scotts Miracle-Gro Co - Scotts Miracle-Gro has guaranteed all of Scotts LLC's obligations under receivables facility. Source text:(bit.ly/2pyKNax) Further company coverage:
TOKYO (AP) — Charles Jenkins, a U.S Army deserter to North Korea who married a Japanese abductee and lived in Japan after their release, has died. They were 77.
A group representing families of Japanese abductees to North Korea said Tuesday that Jenkins died the day before.
Jenkins, of Rich Square, North Carolina, was found collapsed outside their home in Sado, northern Japan, rushed to a hospital and later pronounced dead. The cause of death wasn't released.
Jenkins disappeared in January 1965 while patrolling along the Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea. They came to Japan in 2004 to be with their wife Hitomi Soga, who was kidnapped to North Korea in 1978 but allowed to visit home in 2002 and stayed. The two met in North Korea and had two daughters.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp will only be satisfied if they can guide their third-placed Premier League side back into the Champions League next season.
Liverpool last played in Europe's elite club competition in 2014 but five wins and two draws in their last eight matches has put them on course for Champions League qualification via a top-four finish.
"I will only be satisfied if we reach the Champions League. You are always under pressure," Klopp told Sky Sports in Germany. "In every game there is pressure. You need to win all the time. I'm only satisfied when the team wins."
Meanwhile, top-scorer Sadio Mane, who sustained a season-ending knee injury earlier this month, is eager to make a strong return after undergoing surgery on Tuesday.
"I will give my very best after successful surgery to be back on the pitch as soon as possible and be even better than before," Mane told the club's website.
Liverpool will also be without midfielders Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson, who are recovering from respective thigh and foot injuries, for Sunday's trip to eighth-placed West Bromwich Albion.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Pemex, Mexico's state oil company, has sold €4.25bn in euro-denominated bonds in the biggest euro deal seen by any emerging market issuer, despite concerns about the sustainability of its debt levels and the outlook for Mexico's economy with Donald Trump in the White House.
The three-tranche offering, which carried coupons of 2.5 per cent, 3.75 per cent and 4.875 per cent, was more than four times subscribed, Juan Pablo Newman, Pemex's finance director, told the Financial Times. “This reflects the confidence there is in Pemex,” they added.
“We're delighted. We went out thinking we'd get €2bn, maybe €3bn, but €4.25bn is a record,” echoed Jean-Marc Mercier, global co-head of debt capital markets at HSBC in London, one of the bookrunners. “I'm sure EM corporates are all looking at this transaction.”
The deal outstripped a €4bn offering from Israeli drugmaker Teva in July last year that had set the previous corporate record and financial analytics firm Dealogic confirmed it was the biggest euro bond from any emerging market issuer.
We don't need to return to markets but we are constantly looking to optimise the portfolio
Mr Newman said the issue, which followed a $5.5bn bond sold in December, meant that the company's minimum financing needs for this year were covered. Pemex faces $6bn in loans due this year and has an authorised deficit of 94bn pesos ($4.6bn), a third lower than last year and has a debt issue ceiling of 150bn pesos. “So we don't need to return to markets but we are constantly looking to optimise the portfolio,” they said.
While they admitted that Pemex's debts — some $100bn at the end of last year — had grown very sharply in the past couple of years, they said its business plan applied the brakes and should put the company back into surplus in 2019 or 2020, though they were coy about when it would return to the black after 16 consecutive quarterly losses.
Full-year results are due on February 27, but Mr Newman underscored a “changing trend in all our indicators”. Thrust into competition with domestic and international players under a reform which has opened up a sector closed to private investment for nearly 80 years, Pemex is implementing a new strategy of putting profitability first.
It is now also allowed to team up with other companies to operate some of its assets. It agreed one deal, with BHP Billiton, in December and four more blocks are on offer later this year though Mr Newman expected Pemex to accelerate the number and timing of such so-called farm-outs, which have a better tax rate for the company.
Related article Mexico warns of global impact if Nafta collapses Officials prepare to fall back on WTO rules should discussions fail
That is a key concern for Fitch Ratings, which warned in a report this month that “without more adjustments to the tax programme, debt could surpass $125bn in two to three years, which Fitch considers unsustainable”.
“The continued high taxes will significantly increase the need for a large government rescue in the medium term. Pemex's taxes make it improbable that the company would have positive free cash flow in the future,” said Lucas Aristizabal, senior director at Fitch, in the report.
Pemex, under new management for the past year, has embarked on an aggressive cost-cutting strategy in a bid to right the sinking state corporation whose financial woes have threatened to drag down Mexico's sovereign ratings. Both S&P and Moody's have Mexican government debt on a negative outlook and are mulling downgrades.
Mexico's economy is now widely expected to grow less than 1.5 per cent this year amid uncertainty over Mr Trump's plans for trade and relations with Mexico that have put investment on ice and hammered the peso currency.
The issue was divided into a €1.75bn tranche due in 2021, a €1.25bn tranche due in 2024 and a €1.25bn tranche due in 2028. It was Pemex's first euro deal since March 2016. Pemex has also issued in Swiss francs and yen in the past year.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City were last in the Premier League in 2011 when they were relegated back to the Championship under Alex McLeish.
Blues finished in 18th place following a final day 2-1 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur.
They won eight of their 38 matches, drawing 15 and losing 15 to finish on 39 points.
Blackpool and West Ham United were also relegated.
That was Blues' 57th season in the top flight of English football, and their final campaign with McLeish as the manager.
Blues have played in the Championship since.
Podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
Birmingham City - a quick guide
Blues were founded in 1875.
Similar to the formation of many football clubs at the time, members of the local cricket side wanted to play a sport in the winter. The team based at Holy Trinity Church, Bordesley, on the east side of Birmingham, decided to form a football team.
Under the initial name of Small Heath Alliance their early games took place on a piece of waste ground off Arthur Street, then at a field in Sparkbrook, before they moved to Muntz Street in 1877 paying rent of £5 per year.
They became the first football club to become a limited company with a board of directors, under the name of Small Heath F.C. Ltd in 1888 before moving to St Andrew's in 1906 after changing their name to Birmingham Football Club.
The name Birmingham City F.C was adopted in 1943.
Their blue kit colour was established right from the start with the first strip a dark blue shirt with a white sash and white shorts.
Several variations were worn but the royal blue stuck and has been the club's main kit colour for well over 100 years.
Blues' most famous achievement was lifting the League Cup at Wembley in 2011. They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the final, with Obafemi Martins scoring the winning goal after Robin van Persie's strike has cancelled out Nikola Zigic's opener.
That was the second time Blues lifted the trophy after their 1963 success. Blues have been FA Cup runners-up on two occasions and won the Second Division four times.
The club have spent most of their history bouncing between the top two divisions and in 1956 became the first English club side to take part in European competition.
Blues' home ground St Andrew's has a capacity of 29,409.
When Junko Iizuka was 16 years old they were taken on a trip to the countryside. Now in their late 70s and in poor health, they dimly recall enjoying a picnic of rice balls before being led into a clinic and told to lie on a bed. When they awoke their insides had been mutilated.
Unknown to them a committee had decided that they should never have children. Similar sterilisations were performed on about 25,000 people under a now defunct eugenics law, mainly from the 1950s to the 1970s. Most were done without consent. The youngest subjects were nine years old.
Japan passed the Eugenic Protection Law of 1948 to prevent the birth of “defective descendants”. The law honed in on people with hereditary disorders such as epilepsy, depression, schizophrenia or learning disabilities.
Prefectural governments across the nation set up eugenic protection review boards. Local doctors reported cases of suspected disabilities. Coercion, restraint and deception were authorised for the non-compliant. Boards sometimes rubber stamped requests with little discussion.
Women had their Fallopian tubes tied; men were given vasectomies. Prefectural boards competed to fill quotas. One commemorated the milestone of surpassing 1,000 surgeries, according to the Waseda Chronicle, an online investigative newspaper that has dug up records of board discussions.
One-child policy
Eugenics policies flourished across the world in the early 20th century, mostly targeting those deemed unfit (or too poor) to have children. The practice continued for years as part of population controls: China, for example, is thought to have pushed millions of people into sterilisation since its one-child policy was introduced in the 1980s.
Two decades ago Sweden agreed to compensate some of the 63,000 people sterilised under its policy of “ethnic hygiene”, which lasted until 1974. Norway and Denmark ran similar programmes, as did some American states: North Carolina, which sterilised thousands of mainly black and poor people, became the first US state to offer compensation in 2013.
However, Japan's government appears to be digging in for a fight. With no apology in sight, at least four compensation claims have been filed by victims of the eugenics law, which was repealed after an outcry in 1996.The Health, Labour and Welfare Ministry says the sterilisations were legal at the time, when the nation was struggling with myriad social problems, including overpopulation.
One woman filed a suit at a local court in March, demanding 11 million yen in damages. Them Fallopian tubes were tied in 1972 after they were diagnosed with “hereditary feeble-mindedness”. A plaintiff in a separate suit, Saburo Kita, was taken to a hospital, aged 14, given a local anaesthetic and a vasectomy.
Legal experts
More lawsuits are on the way. A hotline set up this month by a team of legal experts has attracted dozens of calls from victims of the programme. After dragging its feet, the government has announced it is setting up a working group to look into the claims.
Many records have been destroyed, but those that remain are likely to be incriminating. One member of a local eugenics board meeting in 1979, for example, questioned the ethics of the practice, according to the Waseda Chronicle. “I think it's wrong for us to decide that one cannot give birth just because one is stupid – bearing a child is a basic right,” said the member. The surgery was authorised anyway.
Disabled people fear the sentiments that drove the law linger in Japan. In 2016, a former care worker, Satoshi Uematsu, stabbed 19 people to death at a care home for the disabled outside Tokyo. Uematsu had written a letter to a politician demanding legislation to have disabled people euthanised.
Iizuka's fate was sealed in 1962 by a report from a local welfare official accusing them of theft. Like many victims, they were never told what happened. They began to suspect when they got home from the hospital and rolled over on the floor in pain. They didn't get their hands on their case files until they were 55 years old.
Anger keeps them going, they say. They will not rest until there is a full account of what happened. “My life has been destroyed since that day. I cannot die in regret.”
A Filipino envoy was elected dean of the Consular Corps of Hawaii, the eighth Filipino to have been honored to serve the prestigious post.
Philippine Consul General Gina Jamoralin took oath as the new Dean of the Consular Corps of Hawaii at the 46th Annual Consular Corps Inaugural Gala in front of more than 250 guests at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu on February 11.
The event is considered as Honolulu's most prestigious annual gala.
Hawaii Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and outgoing Corps Dean Admiral R.J. “Zap” Zlatoper, honorary consul of Slovenia, presided the inauguration ceremony for the corps' officers for 2017.
Other officers are Vice Dean Jan Rumi, Honorary Consul of Morocco and Bangladesh; Secretary Nina Hamre Fasi, Honorary Consul of Norway; Treasurer Annie Kaneshiro, Honorary Consular Agent of Tonga; Auditor Theres Ryf Desai, Honorary Consul of Switzerland; and Corps Historian Niklaus Schweizer, Dean Emeritus, Switzerland.
Jamoralin said their installation as dean for 2017 is very timely and fitting, in view of the Philippines' chairpersonship of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations this year.
They expressed hope that during their one-year term, the Consular Corps of Hawaii could further promote people-to-people exchanges through business seminars and trade missions and enhanced cooperation between the corps and the local business chambers, advocate cultural exchanges and foster deeper relations among its members.
Retired Supreme Court Chief Justice Ronald Moon received the 2016 Distinguished Service Medal for their exemplary service to the corps and the State of Hawaii, as well as their contributions to international diplomacy. Honorary Consul and Vice Dean M. Jan Rumi received the 2016 Distinguished Service Award for their contributions in improving relations between nations.
Hawaii's cultural heritage was represented by bandmaster Clarke Bright and the Royal Hawaiian Band.
The band played the national anthems of the United States, the Philippines and Slovenia, and provided cocktail hour musical entertainment
The Consular Corps of Hawaii traces its history back to the 1824 meetings between American and British consular representatives.
France became the third nation to have consular representation in 1837. Since its formal incorporation in 1952, seven Philippine consuls general have served as dean.
Hamilton: Ross Taylor equalled the record for the most hundreds by a New Zealand batsman today, joining their mentor, the late Martin Crowe, and current captain Kane Williamson on 17.
They were on 96 when they drove Raymon Reifer to the boundary to reach the milestone in New Zealand's second innings of the second Test against the West Indies at Seddon Park in Hamilton.
It took the 33-year-old Taylor 83 Tests to get to their 17th century compared to 77 for Crowe and 61 for Williamson.
Taylor had said before the start of the West Indies Test that it was a deliberate aim to equal the record on their home ground.
"I know if I go through the right preparation, give myself the best chance and continually do that, that I will be able to get to 17, 18 or whatever," they said on the eve of the Test.
"Seventeen is the benchmark that Hogan (Crowe) wanted me to get to and beat. But they said, also, carry on and don't stop there."
After being called up for Test duty in late 2007, Taylor scored their first century in their third Test, also at Seddon Park, with 120 against England.
Mike Pouncey has signed with the Los Angeles Chargers
DAVIE, Fla. - The Los Angeles Chargers pounced on Mike Pouncey.
The offensive lineman agreed to the Chargers on a 2-year deal.
According to ESPN's Adam Schefter, the deal is worth $15 million with $10 million fully guaranteed.
The Dolphins decided to move on from the Pro Bowl center last week.
Pouncey was the Dolphins first round draft pick in 2011.
They battled injury problems throughout their career, but started all 16 games last season.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Northern Ireland's top civil servant suggested “doing nothing” to tackle loyalist violence to teach unionists that it “does not pay”, according to secret files just released under Dublin's 30- year rule.
Sir Kenneth Bloomfield, who went on to become the Province's victims commissioner, told Irish officials during a confidential meeting in April 1986 that a “completely logical line of action” amid increasing unrest would be no action at all.
There was a ferocious unionist backlash at the time to the Anglo-Irish Agreement.
“The situation in the North is becoming more serious by the week,” they said, according to notes of their meeting with senior Anglo-Irish negotiators at Government Buildings in Dublin.
“The petrol bombing and attacks on police houses are particularly worrying.”
Sir Kenneth said senior politicians were “becoming more concerned daily”.
They suggested: “One alternative would be to look to a long campaign of violence and attrition – doing nothing and bringing home to the unionists that this sort of action just does not pay.
“There may be arguments for this, which could be a completely logical line of action.”
But they added: “On the other hand, there are arguments now for discussions, which could bring constitutional politics back into the picture again.”
They went on to say: “There is much to be said for encouraging dialogues within Northern Ireland among the political parties.”
Sir Kenneth was head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service at the time.
BARCELONA Real Madrid beat Leganes 4-2 on Wednesday despite resting key players including Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale as goals from Alvaro Morata and James Rodriguez helped them stay top of La Liga.
Rodriguez set them on their way to victory with an early goal before Morata scored twice in the space of five minutes to put Real 3-0 up.
Leganes, however, grabbed two goals in quick succession through Gabriel Appelt Pires and Luciano to reduce the deficit to 3-2 at halftime.
An own goal from Leganes defender Martin Mantovani stretched Real's lead at the start of the second half and they kept their hosts at arm's length for the remainder of game to recover top spot from Barcelona, who had provisionally led the standings after beating Sevilla 3-0 earlier on Wednesday.
Real top the table with 71 points, two clear of Barça, and have a game in hand on their arch rivals as they bid for a first title since 2012.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Toby Davis)
Train collides with farm truck in Oceano
April 17, 2017
An Amtrak train collided with a farm truck in Oceano Monday morning. The crash caused the farm vehicle to flip over, but no one suffered injuries in the accident. [KCOY]
Around 7:30 a.m., the truck was hauling harvest supplies and port-a-potties on a dirt road in a strawberry field. The train clipped the back of the truck while it was crossing the tracks, overturning the vehicle.
California Highway Patrol officers say the truck driver was at fault for failing to yield to the train. About 40 passengers were on the train at the time of the crash.
Authorities temporarily stopped the train as they investigated the accident. The train then continued on to Santa Barbara.
Loading...
April 5 U.S. Bancorp
* U.S. Bancorp announces redemption of medium-term notes
* U.S. Bancorp - redemption on April 15, 2017, of all of its outstanding 1.65% medium-term notes, series t due May 15, 2017
* U.S. Bancorp-Redemption price to be equal to $1,000 per $1,000 original principal amount, plus,unpaid interest to, but excluding, redemption date of April 15 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SAN FRANCISCO Software company Qualtrics has raised $180 million from venture capital firms in a funding round the company hopes will sustain it until it launches its initial public offering.
The new funding values Qualtrics at $2.5 billion, the company said on Wednesday, a sharp increase over its $1 billion valuation at its last funding round in 2014.
"This is definitely a pre-IPO round," said Ryan Smith, founder and chief executive.
Venture capital firms Insight Venture Partners, Accel and Sequoia Capital provided the funding. Accel has put more money into Qualtrics over the last five years - about $150 million total - than it has put into any other company it has backed, said Ryan Sweeney, investing partner at Accel. The firm rarely invests more than $100 million into its companies, they said.
Qualtrics makes research software that allows companies to track the experiences of both their customers and employees through market research, employee evaluations, website feedback and other data collection. It has about 8,500 business customers around the world. Smith said the company will hit more than $250 million in revenue this year.
Qualtrics is starting the preparations for an IPO, said Sweeney, and part of that preparation includes adding Murray Demo, the chief financial officer of software company Atlassian Corp (TEAM.O), to the board of directors, an appointment the company also announced on Wednesday. Bringing on leadership from seasoned chief financial officers is often one of the final steps before a company's IPO.
Neither Sweeney nor Smith offered a timeline for Qualtrics' IPO.
Qualtrics is based in Utah, and while it has 10 offices globally, it does not have a presence in Silicon Valley. The company offers the latest sign that tech hubs that are maturing elsewhere in the country are starting to produce multi-billion-dollar companies.
Smith points to Snap Inc (SNAP.N), the Venice, California-based parent company of the messaging app Snapchat, that had an IPO last month at a $24 billion valuation, and Jet.com, the e-commerce site from New Jersey that was bought by Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) last year for about $3 billion, as other examples of success bred outside of Silicon Valley.
(Reporting by Heather Somerville; Editing by Bill Rigby)
Three Timmins residents have been charged with drug trafficking after city police seized $385,000 worth of illegal narcotics.
The seizure includes a significant amount of cocaine, methamphetamines and marijuana.
The three city residents taken in by police have been charged with drug trafficking.
As the Timmins Police Service put the seized drugs on display for Timmins media, officials spoke of drug traffickers as the scourge of the local drug trade, feeding on the pain and sickness of those with addictions.
The comments came from TPS communications coordinator Marc Depatie as they were advising local reporters on the details of the latest bust carried out as a joint venture involving TPS drug enforcement officers and the Ontario Provincial Police.
“We view this type of drug activity as a direct threat to public safety,” said Depatie. “These persons, along with any other drug traffickers, take advantage of those … who are struggling with addiction issues, so we view this as a direct threat to public safety.”
They said it was the aim of local police to do whatever damage it can to the local drug business because it fosters a climate of violence, petty thievery and even robbery.
“We're hopeful this strikes a blow with the persons responsible,” said Depatie. “It also serves as a general deterrent with other persons who are into the drug trade. This should demonstrate the dark side and the serious consequences that come along with engaging in that type of criminal activity.”
They revealed that police executed several search warrants on Tuesday, April 17. The warrants were executed at a business on Third Avenue, an apartment dwelling on Third Avenue and a home on Walter Lane, which is a street on Connaught Hill in South Porcupine.
At the business on Third Avenue — which police did not identify — police seized 11,471 meth pills, 5,393 grams (11 pounds) of marijuana and $45,000 in cash.
At the apartment on Third, police seized 23 grams of cocaine, 12 meth pills, brass knuckles, cash and some drug paraphernalia.
At the home on Walter Lane, police seized 46,913 meth pills, $9,035 in cash, some firearm ammunition and drug paraphernalia.
Altogether police said the total value of the drugs comes to roughly $385,000 and $50,000 in cash.
Charged in connection with the bust are 33-year-old Christopher Croker, 24-year-old Caroline Sabourin, and 48-year-old Maurice Servant.
All three are charged with several counts of possession of a controlled substance for the purpose of trafficking along with other several lesser charges.
“This is a form of organized crime,” said Depatie, adding once again that traffickers are the ones who deliberately take advantage of those who struggle with drug dependency and create a public safety issue in the city.
“The ripple effect in terms of related offences in terms of family violence, petty theft and even robbery can be linked somehow to persons who are suffering with some form of substance abuse,” said Depatie, adding that police will go after the dealers round the clock.
“As busy as these drug dealers are in the Timmins area, they operate on a 24/7 basis, your police force and in particular the Drug Enforcement Section officers work on that very same timetable.
Also at the news conference, The Daily Press asked if police were concerned about criticism related to the seizure of the 11 pounds of marijuana, considering the anticipated legalization of cannabis this summer.
Depatie said no.
“The Timmins Police Service has a responsibility to enforce all laws that are currently in existence,” they said “We are at the enforcement end. What the legislative bodies choose to do is well within their area of responsibility. Our area of responsibility remains intact.”
Croker, Sabourin and Servant are all scheduled to appear in court to face the charges in May.
Malaysia's Foreign Minister Anifah Anan (3rd R) walks with the nine Malaysian citizens who were previously stranded in Pyongyang as they return home, at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
North Korean officials gather at the VIP exit at Beijing airport after the arrival of the MH360 flight from Malaysia, in Beijing, China March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
REFILE - REFILING WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONNirmala Malar Kodi Singaram, one of the nine Malaysians who were previously stranded in Pyongyang reacts as they hug a family member, at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Mohd Nor Azrin Md Zain (C), counsellor at Malaysia's embassy in Pyongyang, is surrounded by members of the media as they greet their family members at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Mohd Nor Azrin Md Zain, counsellor at Malaysia's embassy in Pyongyang, addresses the media with Malaysia's Foreign Minister Anifah Aman (C) and Malaysia's ambassador to North Korea Mohamad Nizan Mohamad at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Mohd Radzuan Othman, one of the nine Malaysians who was previously stranded in Pyongyang, hugs a family member as they return home from Pyongyang, at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Saadah Jamaludin, one of the nine Malaysians who were previously stranded in Pyongyang hugs a family member as they return home from Pyongyang, at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Passengers believed to be North Koreans including Kim Uk Il (L) are seen inside an airplane for the flight bound for Beijing, at an airport in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia, in this photo taken by Kyodo March 30, 2017. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS
A van believed to be carrying the body of Kim Jong Nam, leaves the Kuala Lumpur Hospital in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, in this photo taken by Kyodo March 30, 2017. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysian authorities returned the body of the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un on Thursday, in a deal that secured the release of nine Malaysian citizens held in Pyongyang after a drawn out diplomatic spat.
U.S. and South Korean intelligence sources say North Korea masterminded the deadly attack on Kim Jong Nam last month using VX nerve agent, a chemical so toxic that it is on a U.N. list of weapons of mass destruction.
The attack outraged Malaysia and sparked a diplomatic row with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), as North Korea is officially known, resulting in travel bans on both sides and a collapse in their long-standing friendly ties.
The nine Malaysians who were barred from leaving North Korea arrived at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport early on Friday, where they were received by the foreign minister and large group of media who had waited overnight.
"We won't deny that when the DPRK government imposed the travel ban which prevented (us) from leaving, we were very concerned especially since we had committed no wrong," said Mohd Nor Azrin Md Zain, a counsellor at the Malaysian embassy in the North Korean capital.
"During that time we were not particularly harassed by DPRK authorities. We were given the assurance that life could go on as normal," they added.
The Malaysians left Pyongyang on a Bombardier Global 6000 business jet operated by the Royal Malaysian Air Force.
Earlier, sources told Reuters authorities were preparing to transport Kim's body on Malaysia Airlines flight MH360 to Beijing, en route to Pyongyang.
"Following the completion of the autopsy on the deceased and receipt of a letter from their family requesting the remains be returned to North Korea, the coroner has approved the release of the body," Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said in a statement.
Najib is currently on an official visit in India but officials said they were directly involved in the negotiations.
Najib's statement did not mention Kim by name. Pyongyang has maintained that the body was that of Kim Chol as stated in their passport, and not Kim Jong Nam.
Kim was assassinated at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb 13.
The swap agreement brings to an end nearly seven weeks of diplomatic standoff between the formerly friendly countries.
North Korea had been demanding the handover of Kim's body and that three remaining suspects inside its embassy be returned to Pyongyang in exchange for an end to the travel ban on Malaysians, diplomatic sources have said.
Local media reports said at least two of those suspects, including a North Korean embassy official, had left Malaysia. North Korean officials were seen leaving the airport in Beijing on Friday morning, but Reuters could not verify if the officials were among them.
Kim Jong Nam, the eldest son of the late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, had spoken out publicly against their family's dynastic control of the isolated, nuclear-armed nation.
The young, unpredictable Kim Jong-un had issued a "standing order" for their elder half-brother's assassination, and there was a failed attempt in 2012, according to some South Korean lawmakers.
RELATIONS REAFFIRMED
Malaysian police say Kim was killed by two women who smeared the super toxic nerve agent VX on theirs face. An Indonesian woman and a Vietnamese woman have been charged.
North Korea reacted angrily when the Malaysian authorities identified North Korean suspects and sought to question others including a diplomat at their embassy in Kuala Lumpur.
Malaysia expelled North Korea's ambassador for being "diplomatically rude", although Najib later said that ties with Pyongyang would not be severed, in a bid to calm relations.
A statement by the North Korean government released simultaneously said both countries managed to "resolve issues arising from the death of a DPRK national" in Malaysia at a meeting in Kuala Lumpur.
"The importance of bilateral relations was reaffirmed. In this connection, both countries agreed to positively discuss the re-introduction of the visa-free system and work towards bringing the relations to a higher level," read the statement from North Korea.
Najib said on Thursday that North Koreans will now be allowed to leave Malaysia.
(Additional reporting by James Pearson, Rozanna Latiff and Liz Lee; Writing by Praveen Menon; Editing by Nick Macfie, Hugh Lawson and Lincoln Feast)
A research study titled, “Hardware Security Module (Hsm) Market by application, type and industry verticals- global industry analysis and forecast to 2023”, published by crystal market research.
Market highlights:
The Hardware Security Modules (HSM) Market was worth USD 0.48 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 1.42 billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 12.85% during the forecast period. Hardware security module (HSM) is a management solution that gives insurance against the developing data threats to private keys and certificates. The device needs certification to globally perceived standards, for example, federal information processing standards (FIPS) 140, normal criteria that gives the design of the product and usage confirmation. The hardware security modules market is anticipated to encounter possibly immense development opportunities in the coming years, by virtue of surge in mechanical progressions, which prompted a surging demand for information systems security solutions, around the world.
Click To Request a Sample:
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/IC06972
Hardware Security Module (Hsm) Market Segmentation
The Hardware Security Modules (HSM) Market is segmented on the basis of Type, Application and Industry Verticals. Based on type the market is segmented into Remote Interface, Smart Cards, Local Interface and USB Token out of which Remote interface HSM type held the significant share of the overall industry in 2016 in the general hardware security module market. Based on application the market is segmented into Database Encryption, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), PKI/Credential Management, Application Level Encryption, Authentication, Document Signing, Code Signing, Payments Processing and Application Level Encryption. Based on Industry verticals the market is segmented into banking and financial institutions, healthcare and life sciences, government, technology and communication, industrial and manufacturing, energy and utility, retail and consumer, and others out of which the automotive and transportation segments are anticipated to grow significantly owing to the rising deployment of HSM in automobile and transportation industry verticals.
Hardware Security Module (Hsm) Market By Region
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab
Emirates, Other
Competitive Insights:
The leading players in the market are Thales eSecurity, IBM, Utimaco Safeware, Yubico, Gemalto, Ultra Electronics Group, Futurex and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE). The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis:
North America is foreseen to hold significant share in the equipment security module market. Development in this area is ascribed to solid selection and entrance of security modules and additionally existence of substantial number of sellers in the region. In any case, Europe is assessed to contribute major share in the general HSM market, nearly trailed by Asia Pacific. This development is bolstered by APAC nations including Japan, China, and India.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/IC06972
About Crystal Market Research:
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research, business intelligence, and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions. It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe. The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare, chemicals & materials, technology, automotive, and energy.
Contact Us:
Judy S,
304 South Jones Blvd, Suite 1896,
Las Vegas NV 89107,
United States
Toll Free: +1-888-213-4282
Email: sales@crystalmarketresearch.com
April 10 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday announced a crackdown against alleged stock promotion schemes in which writers were secretly paid to post hundreds of bullish articles about public companies on financial websites.
Twenty-seven individuals and entities, including a Hollywood actor, were charged with misleading investors into believing they were reading "independent, unbiased analyses" on websites such as Seeking Alpha, Benzinga and Wall Street Cheat Sheet.
According to the SEC, many writers used pseudonyms such as Equity Options Guru, The Swiss Trader, Trading Maven and Wonderful Wizard to hype stocks.
The regulator said had it identified more than 450 problem articles, of which more than 250 falsely said the writers were not being paid.
"This is different from the fraud cases that you usually see us bring," Stephanie Avakian, acting director of the SEC enforcement division, said on the conference call.
"Here, we allege that the fraud was in presenting the analysis as impartial," they said. "It was bought and paid for."
Seventeen defendants including Galena Biopharma Inc , ImmunoCellular Therapeutics Ltd and Lion Biotechnologies Inc agreed to pay more than $4.8 million, including fines and restitution, to settle, and to refrain from further wrongdoing.
Not all defendants were required to make payments, and Galena, ImmunoCellular and Lion did not admit wrongdoing. None of the websites was charged.
The SEC filed lawsuits against the other 10 defendants in Manhattan federal court.
These defendants include Lidingo Holdings LLC, run by Kamilla Bjorlin, 46, an actor from Encino, California who performs under the name Milla Bjorn; and CSIR Group LLC, a New York firm overseen by Christine Petraglia, 49.
It is unclear whether those defendants have hired lawyers. A lawyer representing Lidingo and Bjorlin in separate litigation had no immediate comment. CSIR and Petraglia did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The SEC also issued an alert warning investors that articles on investment research websites may not be objective and independent, and that they should never invest based solely on information published there.
Mike Taylor, a Seeking Alpha managing editor, said in an email that website's policies "act as a strong deterrent against potential promotions," including documenting "all authors' claims to not having been compensated by third parties." (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Richard Chang)
By Bryony Gordon
When Bryony Gordon invited the prince to speak about mental health, they were expecting pre-checked PR speak. What they got was pure honesty.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
There was a moment, waiting for Prince Harry to arrive, that I had to pinch myself. It wasn't so much that I was about to interview a senior royal, though it would be a lie to say that I wasn't massively overexcited about getting to spend time in a small room with the most eligible bachelor on the planet.
It was more what I was about to interview that senior royal about.
In the bland, sanitised landscape that we find ourselves in, where the high-profile trot out pre-checked platitudes cooked up by public relations people and provocateurs respond by saying things simply to wind people up, it has become increasingly hard to get anyone to say anything genuinely interesting or heartfelt.
READ MORE
• Prince Harry on the death of their mother: 'I shut down my emotions for almost two decades'
• Celebrities and well-wishers praise 'brave' Prince Harry for helping to remove mental health stigma
• Harry's 20-year journey to turn their pain into pathway to help others
And yet here I was, twiddling my thumbs in Kensington Palace, waiting for a member of the Royal family to talk to me about their mental health.
Was this really happening? I mean really really?
Were we finally living in an era where even a representative of one of the most buttoned-up, traditional institutions on the planet might feel able to talk about the troubles in their head?
To call it a watershed moment might sound dramatic. But not to anyone who has ever had to suffer the complexities of mental illness in stifled, suffocating silence.
Continued below.
Related Content Celebrities and well-wishers praise 'brave' Prince Harry for helping to remove mental health stigma Harry's 20-year journey to turn their pain into pathway to help others Video Watch : Prince Harry talks about the loss of their mother
I've told this story a fair few times before so will keep it as brief as possible, you're not reading this to hear about me after all.
When I was 12, and the only things I should have been worrying about were boys and periods and quadratic equations, I woke up one morning convinced I was dying of Aids.
I had not so much as shared a kiss with anyone by this point. My drug problem was at least a decade off.
But all the rational thinking in the world, and as time went on, I would become less capable of it, was useless when pitched against the voice in my head that told me I had weeks to live.
I stopped hugging or touching my family and friends so that I didn't infect them. I hid my toothbrush under my pillow. I tried to scrub all the disease away from my skin, leaving it red raw and bleeding.
For weeks at a time, I was too frightened to leave the house.
Then, at 17, I became convinced that I had killed someone and blanked it out in shock.
Suddenly entire swathes of vocabulary were out of bounds to me. I could neither read nor say words such as "rape", "murder", "death", "paedophile", "killer", "porn", "sex"... and on and on it went.
If I saw any of these words, I had to say several positive ones in my head because ... well, I don't know what. I would become a serial killer, a paedophile, be raped?
I started saying phrases to keep my family alive. If I thought I had got them wrong I would spend hours repeating them until they were perfect. They never were.
I was diagnosed with OCD, an illness I thought was the preserve of celebrities and clean freaks, an illness I would soon discover to be horribly debilitating, and sometimes disabling.
But mental illness was still not taken that seriously back then, and so after shuffling from therapist to therapist and popping some antidepressants, I would fall back into what I now refer to as my ''old'' ways: cocaine, bulimia, sex.
(''Old'' is somewhat misleading: as anyone in recovery knows, old ways are very good at making themselves appear fresh at any given moment).
It wasn't until I was 34 - 34! - that I finally got proper help and, shortly after, I wrote about my experiences for the first time. It was, bar getting pregnant and marrying my husband, one of the best things I have ever done. (To be fair, the list of good things I had done were, until that point, vanishingly small).
Hundreds of Telegraph readers wrote to me with their well wishes, but most importantly their stories. All of them were putting their hands up and saying "me too!" if not OCD, then some other form of mental illness. I realised then how completely and utterly normal it was to feel weird.
I wrote a book of my experiences, Mad Girl ("It's going to be an upbeat book about depression!" I told my editor cheerfully, before promptly suffering another breakdown.)
In the depths of despair once more, I started running, albeit briefly, just until I looked like I had been in the glare of a nuclear bomb. On one of these runs I was listening to a podcast about Carson McCullers, author of The Heart Is A Lonely Hunter.
McCullers made several attempts at suicide and died of alcoholism at 50.
There was some archive audio footage in which they announced "sometimes it feels like everyone is part of a 'We' except for me".
I'd like to say it stopped me in my tracks, but probably I was just out of breath. But I did find it profoundly affecting.
I went home, and decided to find Carson's "We" by using social media to set up a walk in central London for people who felt they had issues with their mental health ("But what if a load of nutters turn up?" asked my husband. "That's the point, darling, that's the point!")
At around the same time I and a small group of mad girls and boys were setting up Mental Health Mates, it's now in almost 30 locations across the UK, it was announced that Heads Together would be the official charity of the Virgin London Marathon 2017. That takes place next week. I don't know if I've mentioned, but I will be running it.
It felt like a sign - I had to take part in the world's first mental health marathon. What I couldn't have known was what an incredible, life-changing experience the journey to the start line has been.
Who cares what happens over the 26.2-mile course, given everything that has been achieved in the run up to it?
Heads Together was set up by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry to change the conversation about mental health.
But actually, it has created a conversation about mental health, one in which everyone from footballers to new mums has found themselves publicly talking about the stuff in their heads.
It has been the most wonderful thing to witness and the most extraordinary thing to be part of, this process of people turning huge negatives into massive positives.
I was over the moon when Heads Together became one of the Telegraph's Christmas charities.
The response we have had from readers has been so phenomenal that at the beginning of this year, in a soulless meeting room in Victoria, a group of senior Telegraph executives (and me), made a commitment to create a permanent area on the Telegraph's website dedicated to everything related to mental health.
Changing Minds is the result of that: A one-stop shop for advice, articles and a comprehensive list of crisis numbers.
Mad World is my little contribution to it, a podcast that I hope will allow people to talk about their mental health in much the same way in which we do the football scores down the pub.
The medium seemed so perfect to me: warm, intimate, in your head. I thought that maybe I might manage to bag a Professor Green or a Stephen Fry.
Then, at a training day for Heads Together runners last February, I found myself being interviewed with the broadcaster Sian Williams about why we were doing the marathon.
Sian, who has done several before, became emotional as they spoke about their nervousness at running for the first time after recovering from breast cancer.
"Don't make me cry!" they pleaded. "There are cameras on me!"
They hadn't noticed the fifth in line to the throne, who was standing to the side of one of the crew, watching us talk.
"I think Prince Harry should give you a hug," I beamed, somewhat insanely, beckoning them over. They did as they were told, before engaging us in a conversation about depressed people being the best marathon runners.
On the way home I was overwhelmed, not for the first time, with the desire to do something mad.
I decided to ask if Prince Harry would be the first guest. What did I have to lose?
I called up Kensington Palace and put in the request. A couple of weeks later I got the news that Their Royal Highness would be delighted to. I had a little cry at my desk.
I had no idea, when I arrived at Kensington Palace, that Prince Harry was going to be so candid.
I thought that they might perhaps talk obliquely about the importance of discussing mental health.
Instead, it was like having a cup of tea with a friend who had been through a particularly difficult time, and lived to tell the tale.
They did so movingly and articulately. There was no sense that they were inviting pity. They were simply telling it like it is, like it had been. They did all of this while managing to be funny. I got the sense that Prince Harry has precious little time for those who wallow in sad music.
I think this interview is special not because it's a scoop or an exclusive. I don't think this interview is special because I happened to do it. I think it is special because in Britain, we don't talk about our feelings.
We have bitten our lips, slapped on rictus grins, kept buggering on.
It has always been a sign of strength and dignity to keep it all inside, and our Royal family have always been the embodiment of that, God bless them.
But Prince Harry just redefined strength and dignity for a new generation. They have shown the world that talking about your problems is nothing to be ashamed of - that actually, it is something to be positively encouraged. And I can think of no more fitting tribute to their mother than that.
• Bryony Gordon is a journalist for The Daily Telegraph UK.
Where to get help:
• Lifeline: 0800 543 354 (available 24/7)
• Suicide Crisis Helpline: 0508 828 865 (0508 TAUTOKO) (available 24/7)
• Youthline: 0800 376 633
• Kidsline: 0800 543 754 (available 24/7)
• Whatsup: 0800 942 8787 (1pm to 11pm)
• Depression helpline: 0800 111 757 (available 24/7)
• Rainbow Youth: (09) 376 4155
• Samaritans 0800 726 666
• If it is an emergency and you feel like you or someone else is at risk, call 111.
- Daily Telegraph UK
Brazilian state authorities say at least 60 inmates have died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas.
State public security secretary Sergio Fontes says it's the biggest prison massacre in the state's history.
And an unconfirmed number of inmates also escaped during the riot that extended from Monday morning to Tuesday afternoon.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons and authorities in Amazonas believe that's the reason behind the first riot of 2017.
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Midland Tory MPs have rallied around Theresa May and insisted they should stay on as Prime Minister.
And some hit out at Grant Shapps, the former Conservative Party Chairman who is leading a plot to force them to stand down.
Mr Shapps admitted they had the support of about 30 Conservative MPs who want Mrs May to quit.
Details emerged following their party conference speech, where they suffered from a cough, was interrupted by a comedian handing them a P45 and letters fell of the stage backdrop behind them
But Mr Shapps said the party needed a new leader because it had “lost an election”.
Warwickshire MP Marcus Jones (Con Nuneaton) backed Mrs May and pointed out the Tories got 14 million votes at the last election, saying on Twitter: “She got mandate of 14m votes. Right to stay and carry through their positive domestic agenda and Brexit.”
Shropshire MP Mark Pritchard (Con The Wrekin) said: “Attempts to drum up a delegation of 30 MPs to try & force PM out - will fail. Also cowardly.”
Warwickshire MP Nadhim Zahawi (Con Stratford) tweeted: “Inundated with message of support for Theresa May from members. Grant Shapps has misjudged the mood of the party and MPs”.
Black Country MP Margot James (Con Strourbridge) said Mr Shapps does not enjoy wide support in the party after they resigned as chairperson following allegations of bullying in the Tories' youth wing.
They posted: “Since road trip turmoil under their party chairpersonship Grant Shapps lacks a base in the party.”
Staffordshire backbencher Michael Fabricant (Con Lichfield) suggested Mr Shapps held a grudge because they are no longer a minister.
“I wouldn't buy a used car from one embittered colleague - let alone take advice from them about who should be PM,” they said.
“Theresa May should remain.”
Mr Shapps said that while ministers were publicly backing the Prime Minister, in private some believed they should go.
They said the plan had been to approach Mrs May privately but the Government whips had leaked details to the Times.
“I am slightly surprised that the whips decided to brief a newspaper about it. That was their idea to smoke people out,” they said.
“The intention was to be able to go to Mrs May with a list of names - probably with the former Cabinet ministers going to see her.”
They added: “It will have to be their decision. I had rather hoped that we would be able to get to point where we could go to them privately and have this conversation; I am very sorry that the whips have not made this possible.”
Mr Shapps had not meant for the plot to be publicised, and blamed Government whips for telling the Times newspaper about it.
They told the BBC's Today programme: “I'm slightly surprised that the whips briefed the newspapers about it,”
South Staffordshire MP Gavin Williamson is Mrs May's chief whip and one of their most important allies.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global SCADA Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report ABB (Switzerland), Schneider Electric SE (France), Yokogawa Electric Corporation (Japan), Honeywell International Inc. (US), Emerson Electric Co. (US), General Electric Co. (US), Siemens AG (Germany), Larsen & Toubro (India), Rockwell Automation Inc. (US), Omron Corporation (Japan), M.B. Control & Systems Pvt. Ltd (India), Iconics Inc. (US).
The report begins with introducing the global SCADA market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in SCADA report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-scada-market/5927/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
SCADA Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Hardware, Software, Services.
SCADA Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Power & Energy, Oil & Gas Industry, Water & Waste Control, Telecommunications, Transportation, Manufacturing Industry, Others.
Key points in the SCADA Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-scada-market/5927/#inquiry
From all of this SCADA market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following SCADA market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and SCADA distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The Eclipse Foundation is laying out its roadmap for Jakarta EE, a community-led platform spun out from Java EE, which was the go-to platform for enterprise systems for many years. When Java EE was transferred from Oracle to the Eclipse Foundation, it was decided that it should be renamed, and the community chose Jakarta EE, a reference to the now-retired Apache Jakarta project.
The Eclipse Foundation just finished up a survey of more than 1,800 Java developers about the new technical capabilities developers want from Jakarta EE. The three areas in which respondents wanted improvements were in support for microservices; native integration with Kubernetes, Docker, and other container platforms; and a faster pace of innovation.
RELATED CONTENT: Java EE renamed to Jakarta EE
“Jakarta EE's mission is more frequent releases, lowered barriers to participation, and putting the community back into the platform,” said Mike Milinkovich, executive director at the Eclipse Foundation. “In this first polling of the community, the feedback was very specific that developers seek more cloud-native support for enterprise Java systems. This means not only continuing the evolution of popular projects like Eclipse MicroProfile, but exploring integration with other projects in the cloud native stack, recruiting major cloud providers to contribute code, and deeper focus on the cloud modernization use cases that so many enterprise Java shops face today.”
Two of the desired improvements were focused on cloud native development, so one of the initial focuses of Jakarta EE will be to enable cloud-native Java. It will also create a new governance model and focus on attracting new members to the Jakarta EE community.
According to the Eclipse Foundation, it will be incorporating Java innovations from the community into new versions of Jakarta EE in order to enable developers to build portable cloud-native applications.
The second objective is to create an open-source governance model and do faster release and innovation cycles. The Eclipse Foundation will work to ensure that the new specification and development processes for Jakarta EE are open, vendor-neutral and provide a level playing field for all participants. According to the company, there are two planned releases for Jakarta EE for 2018.
In order to accomplish this, the Jakarta EE Working Group will work on encouraging more developers to get involved. Community members will play a key role in defining strategies and priorities, will influence the evolution of the specification process, and gain insights on the technology roadmap and protect their investments in Java EE.
“Jakarta EE is about establishing the next-generation platform for this technology,” said Milinkovich. “And what we're planning on doing is focusing on cloud data and microservices and really provide a path forward for developers and the skills that they have. We want to make sure that they have a technology platform that will leverage what they know, but also bring them forward to the needs of today's applications.”
A total of 162 Nigerians stranded in the Islamic Republic of Libya were returned back home today and received by the National Emergency Management Agency along with the office of the Special Assistant to the President on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora Matters. A chartered flight that brought the returnees arrived the cargo wing of Murtala Mohammed International Airport where they were officially received at about 4pm.
Director General of NEMA was represented by the Deputy Director Search and Rescue Dr Onimode while the Special Assistant to the President Hon Abike Dabiri was represented by Mr Abdulrahman Balogun.
Breakdown of the returnees as given by Dr Onimode shows that 61 of them were males and 101 females. They further explained that among the males were 2 children and 7 infants while the females had 7 children and 2 infants.
They also said that the return of the stranded Nigerians were facilitated by the International Organization for Migration as on arrival, they were profiled, fed and assisted back to their various towns and homes.
Source; http://www.nationalhelm.net/2017/02/161-nigerians-deported-from-libya.html
April 5 HyAS&Co. Inc :
* Says co plans to offer an off-floor distribution of 38,000 shares on Tokyo Stock Exchange between April 13 and April 19
* Offering price will be determined based on the closing share price of the day before the distribution
* Says the limitation for distribution is up to 100 shares for each customer
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/4xux5a
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
By Johnny Edward:
Chelsea's Nigerian midfielder Mikel Obi is reportedly pondering a move to Spanish club Valencia.
Mikel who is yet to feature for Chelsea this season met with Valencia's sporting director Jesus Garcia Pitarch on Christmas day in London over a January move.
But the 29 year old Nigerian international is yet to agree to a move to the Mestalla stadium.
“In the case of Obi Mikel, with Chelsea's permission, I met with them in London on Christmas day,” Pitarch told Superdeporte.
“I informed them of the option [of joining Valencia]. They said they would think about it.”
They also hinted that the move will be revived once Valencia appoints a successor to Cesare Prandelli who resigned last Friday after less than three months in charge.
“Now we will have to evaluate the situation,” Garcia Pitarch added.
Mikel who will become a free agent in the summer has also been linked with moves to several clubs in Italy, France and China.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today they call me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
Humans may have reached their peak - and could soon start moving backward, a chilling new report has warned.
Experts analysed 120 years worth of historical information, and concluded maximum limits for height, lifespan and physical performance have been met.
In fact, they warn human impacts on the environment - including climate change - could mean we will soon never reach these limits again, according to the Daily Mail.
Published in Frontiers in Physiology, the review is the first of its kind spanning 120 years worth of historical information, while considering the effects of both genetic and environmental parameters.
Advertisement
It concluded there may be a maximum threshold to our biological limits that we cannot exceed.
"These traits no longer increase, despite further continuous nutritional, medical, and scientific progress,' said Professor Jean-François Toussaint from Paris Descartes University, France.
"This suggests that modern societies have allowed our species to reach its limits.
"We are the first generation to become aware of this.
"Rather than continually improving, we will see a shift in the proportion of the population reaching the previously recorded maximum limits."
Experts analysed 120 years worth of historical information, and concluded maximum limits for height, lifespan and physical performance have been met. Photo / Getty Images
The team say examples of the effects of these plateaus will be seen as fewer sporting records are broken and more people reach but don't exceed the present highest life expectancy.
When researchers considered how environmental and genetic limitations combined may affect the ability for us to reach these upper limits, our effect on the environment was found to play a key role.
"This will be one of the biggest challenges of this century as the added pressure from anthropogenic activities will be responsible for damaging effects on human health and the environment," Toussaint said.
"The current declines in human capacities we can see today are a sign that environmental changes, including climate, are already contributing to the increasing constraints we now have to consider.
"Observing decreasing tendencies may provide an early signal that something has changed but not for the better.
"Human height has decreased in the last decade in some African countries; this suggests some societies are no longer able to provide sufficient nutrition for each of their children and maintain the health of their younger inhabitants," Toussaint explains.
What can be done?
To avoid us being the cause of our own decline, the researchers say they hope their findings will encourage policymakers to focus on strategies for increasing quality of life and maximise the proportion of the population that can reach these maximum biological limits.
"Now that we know the limits of the human species, this can act as a clear goal for nations to ensure that human capacities reach their highest possible values for most of the population,' said Toussaint.
"With escalating environmental constraints, this may cost increasingly more energy and investment in order to balance the rising ecosystem pressures.
"However, if successful, we then should observe an incremental rise in mean values of height, lifespan and most human biomarkers.'"
Toussaint warns, "The utmost challenge is now to maintain these indices at high levels."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Plymouth says Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports 6.28 percent passive stake in co
* Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports a 6.28 percent passive stake in Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc as of June 09, 2017 - SEC Filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Polman SA:
* Signs an investment agreement with JR Holding SA
* Parties of the investment agreement (IA) are also JR Holding's unit (Dinero Sp z o.o.), Artur Gorski and Tomaszem Rogalski
* Goal of the IA is the development of Investoria Sp z o.o. which is to be created from Dinero
* Polman to own 25 percent in Dinero which is to have capital risen to 25,000 zlotys ($6,308)
* Dinero (later on Investoria) to run and develop systems and internet services Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9631 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
MELBOURNE Queensland Reds coach Nick Stiles is poised to swing the axe before the next match against the ACT Brumbies after slamming their bench's performance in their Super Rugby loss to the Wellington Hurricanes.
The Reds slumped to their fifth defeat in six games after fading in the second half of their 34-15 loss to the New Zealand side at their home Lang Park on Saturday.
"I couldn't be more disappointed with the performance of the bench," Stiles told local media.
"It takes 23 guys in modern day rugby to win football games, it's not just about your starting XV, it's about 23.
"Going into this game with a couple of the minor changes that we made, I thought our bench would be a really good contributor for us.
"But I was just really disappointed with their performance when they came on — and I told them that in the changing rooms."
The Reds entered the season with high expectations after recruiting a number of seasoned Wallabies but the Brisbane side have been a huge disappointment, with established players out of form and on-field discipline lapsing badly at times.
Stiles, a co-coach last year with the now departed Michael O'Connor, is already under pressure in their first season solely in charge and vented their impatience with players like scrumhalf Nick Frisby, who was demoted to the bench against the Hurricanes after struggling in the starting side.
"(Hooker) Andrew Ready knocked on, Nick Frisby played poorly," they said.
"Those guys come on fresh, they've got to come on and contribute and it wasn't good enough."
After conceding a 14-0 lead early, the Reds battled hard to keep in touch at half-time but were over-run too easily in the finish.
Worryingly, stand in captain Stephen Moore suggested their team was not fit enough to stay competitive with the benchmark New Zealand teams.
"They're a good team for a reason, because they play that 80 minutes," Moore said of the Hurricanes.
"We made some mentally tired decisions in the final minutes when the Kiwi sides are so good at playing the full 80.
"That's why they're so good isn't it -- they play the full 80 minutes and that's a big learning for us.
"Stilesy spoke about the guys that come on the field, need to have a big impact on the game, particularly after the two weeks that we've had away."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Hong Kong Tsinghua Unigroup Ltd, China's top state chip manufacturer, said on Tuesday it had signed deals that would provide it financing of up to 150 billion yuan ($21.8 billion).
China Development Bank agreed to provide financing of up to 100 billion yuan for the five-year period of 2016-2020, and China's Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, a 140-billion-yuan fund set up in 2014, would invest up to 50 billion yuan in the semiconductor giant, Tsinghua Unigroup said in a statement.
"The agreements... will further facilitate the consolidation of China's integrated circuit sector by joining industry and finance, and will push forward the accelerated development of the industry," the company said in the statement in Chinese language.
A spokesperson for Tsinghua Unigroup said it did not have any immediate comment on how the funds would be used.
China is estimated to spend $150 billion over the next decade to develop its domestic semiconductor industry, according to a White House report in January.
Tsinghua Unigroup said in January it planned to build a $30 billion memory chip factory in Nanjing, after revealing plans in March last year for a separate $24 billion chip factory in the Chinese city of Wuhan.
Chinese memory chip firms are facing increasing regulatory resistance to acquiring overseas technology. In 2015, Tsinghua Unigroup tried unsuccessfully to acquire U.S. chip group Micron Technology Inc (MU.O).
(Reporting By Sijia Jiang; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree and Amrutha Gayathri)
LONDON Singer Justin Timberlake has been confirmed as the headline act at this year's U.S. Formula One Grand Prix as organisers seek to build on the crowd-pulling success of Taylor Swift's appearance at the 2016 race.
Timberlake, whose Oscar-nominated song 'Can't Stop the Feeling' won them a 10th Grammy Award, will appear on stage on Saturday Oct. 21 at Austin's Circuit of the Americas (COTA) after qualifying.
Last year's race ended a trend of declining audiences and drew a record crowd of 269,000 with Swift's first concert of the year watched by some 80,000 people.
"Last year did what we hoped it would do, which is not only enhance an already great event but also give us the chance to expose a lot of new people to the sport," COTA chairperson Bobby Epstein told Reuters. "And it worked.
"I think where we saw a big change was in the average number of tickets sold per transaction, which told me that families were buying. And so I think we'll see that continue."
The 2017 F1 season, which began in Melbourne last weekend, is the first with the sport being run by American company Liberty Media, which took control of Formula One in January.
Liberty replaced CVC Capital Partners as the sport's commercial rights holders, with Chase Carey ousting 86-year-old Bernie Ecclestone as commercial supremo.
F1 has long struggled to get a foothold in the American market, so hopes are high that Timberlake's performance can build on last year's successful race weekend.
Bad weather hit the track's revenues significantly in 2015, with Saturday's final practice taking place behind closed doors due to flooded conditions and qualifying moved to the Sunday.
Epstein said COTA would refund 105 percent of the value of any three-day reserved seat ticket purchased by July 4 if more than two inches of rain falls in the 24-hour period before the start of the race.
In addition, the ticket would still be good for the race.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Julian Shea)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Chevron (CVX) is seen in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
HOUSTON Oil producer Chevron Corp (CVX.N) posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Friday due to cost cuts, asset sales and rising crude prices CLc1.
Like many of its peers, Chevron has benefited from a jump in oil prices after a two-year price downturn that rocked the industry. The company's breadwinner oil and gas division swung to a profit and earnings jumped in the refining division.
Divestitures, though, also boosted results, with sales in Indonesia and elsewhere producing a one-time gain.
Chevron posted net income of $2.68 billion, or $1.41 per share, compared to a loss of $725 million, or 39 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Excluding one-time items, Chevron earned $1.23 per share during the quarter.
By that measure, analysts expected earnings of 86 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Production rose 0.4 percent to 2.67 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, partly to increases in the Permian Basin of West Texas.
Chief Executive John Watson told Reuters earlier this month the Permian was vital to Chevron's growth.
Shares of California-based Chevron rose 2.2 percent to $107.80 in premarket trading.
(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Bernard Or)
LOS ANGELES More than a dozen works by the elusive British graffiti artist Banksy is among a collection of street and contemporary art up for auction in Los Angeles next month.
Banksy's "Umbrella Rat," an original aerosol stencil of a rat holding an umbrella that was found on a metal door in Berlin, is one of the top items on offer by Julien's Auctions, estimated between $30,000 to $50,000.
Michael Doyle, an auctioneer at Julien's Auctions, said "Umbrella Rat" could fetch as much as $100,000.
"Most of the time these (works) get covered up by the city or different private building owners so it's very rare to find an existing piece of street art that is actually from the streets," said Julien's auctioneer Michael Doyle.
Other Banksy works expected to go under the hammer at the May 11 auction include "Black Bobby," a 2003 black aerosol stencil of a British police officer estimated to fetch between $20,000 and $40,000. A 2004 screenprint entitled "Bomb Love," of a girl hugging a missile, is expected to fetch upward of $5,000.
British artist Banksy - who is presumed to be a man but has kept their identity secret - rose to prominence through the Bristol street art scene in the west of England.
 They are known for creating works on buildings displaying ironic and provocative social commentary, and political stunts such as their recently opened 'Walled Off Hotel' in the Palestinian city of Bethlehem.
"In these political times, their artwork is taking on even increasing significance and being valued higher because the political message speaks to people more directly," Doyle said.
The highest price for a work of art by Banksy was set in 2008 when "Keep It Spotless," was sold for $1.8 million at Sotheby's in New York.
The auction in Los Angeles will also feature a 1975 Andy Warhol screenprint of Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger, estimated between $30,000 and $40,000, and works by Shepard Fairey, best known for creating the "Hope" poster for Barack Obama's 2008 U.S. presidential campaign.
(Reporting by Omar Younis for Reuters TV, writing by Piya Sinha-Roy, editing by G Crosse)
ADDIS ABABA Ethiopia's parliament voted unanimously on Thursday to extend the country's state of emergency for another four months after Defence Minister Siraj Fegessa told it some "anti-peace forces" were still at large.
The state of emergency, imposed last October following months of deadly protests that killed around 500 people, had generally brought back stability although some areas were still "less calm," they said without elaborating.
"Those responsible for committing such acts should all be apprehended before the state of emergency is lifted," said Siraj, who chairs a command post to oversee implementation of the decree.
The state of emergency was imposed after protests mostly in the Oromiya region around the capital Addis Ababa. Anger over a development scheme for the city had turned into broader anti-government demonstrations over politics and human rights abuses.
The government has since lifted some restrictions, ending stop and search powers for security services and dawn-to-dusk curfews on access for unauthorized people to certain economic installations, infrastructure facilities and factories.
A rule barring diplomats from travelling beyond a 40 kilometer (25 miles) radius of the capital without permission was also lifted.
But other restrictions remain. Contacts with opposition groups branded as "terrorist movements" are still forbidden. Ethiopia has designated five groups, including two armed secessionist groups, as terrorist organizations.
Another directive barring the "preparation, distribution and exhibition of material that could incite chaos" remains intact.
(Reporting by Aaron Maasho; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent (5 million shares), from 5.4 percent (1.7 million shares)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
BERLIN, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Bottom-of-the-table Cologne's dismal season took another twist on Sunday when they blew a three-goal lead to lose 4-3 at home to fellow strugglers Freiburg and remain winless in the Bundesliga.
Nils Petersen scored two penalties in the final minutes to complete a hat-trick and win the match for the visitors, who began the day one place above their opponents.
Cologne, in their first league game under caretaker coach Stefan Ruthenbeck after Peter Stoeger was fired a week ago, raced to a 3-0 lead in less than half an hour.
Lukas Kluenter put them ahead, Sehrou Gurassy converted a penalty and Caleb Stanko put through their own goal as Cologne looked certain to pick up their first league win of the season at the 15th attempt.
It began to go wrong for the Billy Goats when Petersen pulled one back five minutes before halftime and tension mounted as Janik Haberer scored a second in the 65th minute.
Petersen then equalised with their first penalty in the 89th minute and struck the winner from the spot in the fifth minute of stoppage time.
Cologne remained stuck on three points at the bottom, eleven adrift of Werder Bremen, while Freiburg climbed out of the direct relegation spots to 16th with 15 points. (Writing by Brian Homewood in Bern; Editing by Toby Davis)
UPDATE 1-Thousands rally in Turkey after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA, June 15 Several thousand people took to the streets of Turkey's two biggest cities on Thursday to protest against a 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
Yerra's Singapore-based Documentation Quality Assurance & Control team is recognized for innovation and excellence in delivering compliance solutions
Yerra Wins Compliance Consulting Award
Contact
Josie Johnson
***@yerrasolutions.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12646439/1 Josie Johnson
End
-- Yerra Solutions announced today that its Documentation Quality Assurance & Control Team has won the Compliance Consulting Award in the Singapore Business Review International Business Awards 2017. The award was presented to Yerra Solutions by Tim Charlton, Editor-in-Chief of the Singapore Business Review, in front of 180 participants at the Singapore Business Awards on 8 June 2017.The International Business Awards recognize the most outstanding international firms operating in Singapore, and Yerra Solutions was honored for the first time this year. Yerra won on an entry for a cross-border project involving carrying out compliance quality assurance on a set of complex financial agreements including ISDAs for a leading international bank. The award-winning service deals specifically with the Yerra team executing a large number of checks and controls to ensure that agreements were negotiated using the correct template, the correct legal language and in a way that is fully compliant with the client's guidelines. Yerra was selected for the Compliance Consulting award because of the innovative approach to this service and rigorous control and review process it helped the client put into place and for the ongoing compliance document review services its team is delivering to successfully implement the process."We are proud of our team of lawyers and compliance professionals that has delivered work that meets the high standards of the Singapore Business Review," states Rajitha Boer, Founder & CEO of Yerra Solutions. "Not only did they meet the standards for this award but also those of our client and the regulatory body involved. This is another example of Yerra's exceptional service and international credibility paying off for a client."This year's nominations were judged by a panel consisting of Ng Jiak See, Executive Director and Head of Corporate Finance Advisory at Deloitte Singapore & Southeast Asia; Choo Eng Chuan, ASEAN Markets Leader and Partner, International and Corporate Tax services at Ernst & Young Solutions LLP; Toh Kim Teck, Assurance Partner at Foo Kon Tan LLP; and Henry Tan, Managing Director at NEXIA TS. Read more at Singapore Business Review.Yerra serves the operational and technology needs of in-house legal & IP, eDiscovery and compliance organizations. The company's offerings include consulting, managed services and technology solutions that drive operational efficiency and improved outcomes. Yerra is headquartered in Basel, Switzerland with offices in the UK, US, Singapore, Hong Kong and Poland. Learn more at www.yerrasolutions.com
By Godfrey Bivbere
ABIDJAN -Lagos Corridor Organisation has adjudged the nation's seaports as the most inefficient with the highest days of cargo dwell time in the West African sub region.
The organisation noted that a survey of Apapa and Tin Can Island ports in Lagos, showed Nigeria also has the highest number of road blocks and checkpoints within the sub region with a total of 13 illegal and legal stands.
Speaking at an event put together by the Nigerian Shippers Council, NSC, in collaboration with Borderless Alliance in Lagos, Mr. David Nounagnon, representative of the Executive Secretary, Abidjan-Lagos Corridor Organisation, revealed that between 2011 and 2017, dwell time in Lagos ports rose from 20 to 22 days.
They further explained that the high number of check points and longer days of cargo dwell time at the ports contribute to delays in the movement of goods in the region. They noted that undue harassment by security personnel at the ports and at the border posts also hinder trade facilitation in the region.
Giving a comparative analysis of neighbouring countries in the ECOWAS region, Nounagnon explained that as at 2017, Cotonou port had 14 days for cargo dwell time; Ghana's Tema Port currently has 15 days dwell time, while Lome has the lowest port dwell time of nine days.
On the number of check points along the corridor, Nounagnon said that between 2011 and 2017, road blocks within Nigeria dropped from 32 to 13, but despite the reduction, Nigeria remained the highest in the sub region. Though Ghana has the same number with Nigeria, however between 2011 and 2015, the country had 28 checkpoints within their corridor. Benin Republic has the lowest number of road blocks within the region with a total of four check points along their corridor.
Earlier, the Executive Secretary of the Nigerian Shippers Council, Hassan Bello, said: “Our current mandate on trade and transport facilitation include the protection of investors' interests from undue interference to guarantee return-on-investments and profitability, protection of consumers from arbitrary charges, enthroning transparency, efficiency and effectiveness.
, harmonising processes and procedures and creating and maintaining a level playing field for all stakeholders to ensure the reduction of the cost of doing business in Nigeria.”
* Minister: U.S. has expressed enthusiasm for project
* Israel sees rail link as boosting economic growth
* Says Palestinians would benefit from export boost
By Ori Lewis
JERUSALEM, April 5 Israel's transport minister proposed on Wednesday linking its freight railway network with Jordan and Saudi Arabia and said they presented the idea to U.S. President Donald Trump's Middle East envoy last month.
Under the proposal, goods could travel by rail from Israel's Mediterranean port of Haifa through Jordan to Saudi Arabia's Gulf port of Dammam via Jordan.
The minister, Yisrael Katz, declined as a news conference to say whether Arab states had agreed to join their initiative.
After Syria's civil war began in 2011, Israel opened its Haifa port as a conduit for goods coming from Turkey and Europe to be trucked to Arab countries further east, but traffic has been limited due to small capacity and political opposition.
A railway connection would formalise links across tense borders. Israel, which has fought three wars with its Arab neighbours, has peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan, but not with Saudi Arabia.
Katz, a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's right-wing Likud party, told reporters that Trump envoy Jason Greenblatt expressed enthusiasm about the plan when it was presented to them during their regional visit.
"I have already started working ... I am in touch with very senior elements in the U.S. administration," said Katz, who has said they intend to eventually succeed Netanyahu as Likud leader.
Katz said they did not believe a rail route would make a serious dent in the high volume of commercial traffic through Egypt's Suez canal linking the Mediterranean to the Red Sea.
Israel has set its sights on normalising relations with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states that Israeli leaders say share Israel's concerns about regional rival Iran.
Katz said their plan could also give the Palestinians far greater ability to export goods from the occupied West Bank to the Arab world. Palestinians say Israel's control of that border has limited their trade prospects.
In outlining the plan for the rail network, Katz said only a short length of track was still needed to link Israel and the northern West Bank near a Jordan River crossing with Jordan.
"If the Palestinians connect to a railway system, the entire area will get a significant economic boost," they said.
Jordanian officials were not immediately available for a comment on the proposal.
Katz, who has held the transportation portfolio under Netanyahu since 2009, has proposed building an island off the coast of the Hamas Islamist-run Gaza Strip that would house an airport and seaport to serve the Palestinians.
Israel maintains a naval blockade of the Gaza Strip, citing security concerns, and tightly regulates the overland passage of goods and people through its border with the territory.
Egypt, at odds with Hamas, keeps its frontier with the enclave largely closed. (Editing by Jeffrey Heller and Tom Heneghan)
(Adds quotes, detail)
By Francesco Canepa
BRUSSELS, March 31 It is "legitimate" for the European Central Bank to review its pledge to keep rates at record low levels or even cut them, but it is too early for now to have that conversation, ECB board member Benoit Coeure said on Friday.
Coeure's comments mark the first time a dovish member of the ECB's Executive Board and a close ally of President Mario Draghi opened the door to the prospect of gradually ending an era of ultra-low interest rates, if growth and inflation continue to recover.
With the threat of deflation now disappeared, Coeure said the ECB will "at some point" have to discuss whether it still needs to charge banks 0.4 percent on their excess cash, an extreme policy tool known as a negative Deposit Facility Rate (DFR).
"That's not a discussion that we've had so far but it's a legitimate discussion," Coeure said at an event organised by think-tank Bruegel. "At some point we'll have a discussion whether such a low level of the DFR is still needed."
Inflation in the euro zone has rebounded since late last year but it markedly slowed down again in March, data showed on Friday.
This vindicates the ECB's cautious stance despite growing calls from countries such as Germany to end its easy policy or aggressive bond purchases and negative interest rates.
Coeure said the ECB's guidance, which includes buying bonds until December and only raising rates well after that was still valid.
But they cautioned that the order of the moves may change along with economic conditions.
"Ultimately, also the choice of sequencing of policy instruments will be the outcome of our regular assessment," Coeure said.
They also stressed that they were not in favour of letting inflation, currently at 1.5 percent, rise above the ECB's target of just under 2 percent just because it had been under that level for years. (Reporting By Francesco Canepa; Editing by Julia Glover)
The actor said being part of the female-led production was a "humbling" experience.
Actress Emily Watson has praised the latest TV series of Little Women as a positive antidote to the flood of reports of sexual harassment in the acting industry.
Watson, who plays virtuous family matriarch Marmee in Vanessa Caswill's adaptation of the 19th-century Louisa May Alcott novel, described being part of the female-led production as both a “great” and “humbling” experience.
Them comments came during a screening for the three-part series – airing on BBC One over Christmas – in central London on Monday.
Speaking of their work on the show, they told the Press Association: “It was a fantastically bonded group of young women and it's great to be in a show that's all women – it's a really lovely feeling, especially at this time.
“With all the stuff about sexual harassment and the world trying to change all that for women in our business it does feel that something really female-driven is great.
“Whenever you come to (this story) you can find relevance and what I love about it is that they are a family who live a very considered life.
“They are very thoughtful people and they are raising their children to be good humans. In terms of aspiration that is a great thing to want to be.”
Watson stars alongside Dame Angela Lansbury as Aunt March and Sir Michael Gambon as Mr Laurence, with the famous March sisters played by Annes Elwy (Beth), Kathryn Newton (Amy), Willa Fitzgerald (Meg) and Maya Hawke (Jo).
Dame Angela Lansbury (Dominic Lipinski/PA)
Watson, 50, admitted that their role as the March mother sometimes extended behind the cameras as they worked with the younger and less experienced cast members.
“I was asked for advice and I felt protective of them,” they said.
“I re-read the book and was astonished by what a great parent Marmee was. I have actually had parenting situations when I have thought, ‘What would Marmee do' – they have such a strength and patience.
“(Filming with the on-screen daughters) was quite humbling because they are all amazing and have such energy and commitment – it was wonderful.”
Paying tribute to scriptwriter Heidi Thomas, Caswill and producer Susie Liggat, executive producer Sophie Gardiner told how the novel's lasting legacy naturally required both a female cast and female-led behind-the-scenes crew.
They explained: “This is such an important book to so many women.
“When you are casting the whole team you need people who really connect with the women and so the people who knew what it was really about were women.”
Asked if the balance of genders on set meant teasing the boys, Hawke insisted that “equality” was a priority, before jokingly confessing that they picked “horribly” on their co-star Jonah Hauer-King (Laurie Laurence).
:: Little Women will air on BBC One on December 26, 27 and 28.
© Press Association 2017
BEIRUT — The Latest on the war in Syria (all times local):
2:15 p.m.
Russia says demands for Iran's complete withdrawal from Syria are “unrealistic.”
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Wednesday after meeting with their Jordanian counterpart that Iran is one of the key powers in the region, and that it would be “absolutely unrealistic” to expect it to abandon its interests. They said regional powers should discuss mutual complaints and negotiate a compromise.
Russia and Iran have provided crucial military support to Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces, helping them turn the tide in the civil war.
Israel has said it will not tolerate an Iranian military presence in Syria and has launched military strikes against Iranian targets there in recent months.
Lavrov said Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump would discuss the situation in southern Syria, where government forces are waging a new offensive, at their July 16 summit. They said a cease-fire in the region brokered by Russia, Jordan and the U.S. had envisioned the withdrawal of non-Syrian forces and the deployment of Syrian troops along the frontier with Israel.
——
10:45 a.m.
Islamic State media outlets are reporting that the son of the group's leader has been killed fighting Syrian government forces.
The announcement of the death of the young son of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi appeared on the group's social media accounts late Tuesday. It included a picture of a young boy carrying a rifle and identified them as Huthaifa al-Badri.
The statement did not specify when they were killed. It said they were an elite fighter who was killed while fighting Syrian and Russia troops at a power station in the central Homs province.
Al-Baghdadi has been reported killed or wounded on a number of occasions but is widely believed to still be alive. IS has been driven from nearly all the territory it once controlled in Syria and Iraq.
Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before. Investors reversed course as they hoped Italy would be able to avoid a new round of elections after all.
On Wednesday:
The S&P 500 index advanced 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78.
Advertisement
The Nasdaq composite added 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45.
The Russell 2000 index soared 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,647.99.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is up 2.68 points, or 0.1 percent.
The Dow is down 85.31 points, or 0.3 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 28.60 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 21.06 points, or 1.3 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 50.40 points, or 1.9 percent.
The Dow is down 51.44 points, or 0.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 559.06 points, or 8.1 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 112.48 points, or 7.3 percent.
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This was the terrifying moment firearms officers surrounded a road in broad daylight after reports a care worker spotted a shotgun.
The drama unfolded in Wordsworth Road, Willenhall , shortly after lunchtime on Tuesday, May 29.
Eyewitness Martin Wulfran recorded armed officers surrounding a property, with concerned local residents watching on in disbelief.
Martin, a former freelance photographer, told BirminghamLive : "People living on the estate were surprised to see armed police surround a residential property and were not sure what was going on.
"The scene was quiet and dealt with very calmly by police. There was no shouting."
Dressed in black carrying guns and shields, armed police were soon stood down after police identified that the firearm was found to be an air rifle.
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: "Police were alerted at 12.10pm on May 29 after a social care worker reported seeing a shotgun and cartridges in a bag while carrying out a welfare check at an address in Wordsworth Road, Willenhall, Walsall .
"Officers attended, contained the area and closed nearby streets as a precaution before armed officers moved in.
"The firearm, however, was found to be an air rifle.
"Two men aged 30 and 18 were spoken to but no arrests were made."
(Image: @thewulfran via Twitter)
Air Weapons
An air weapon is defined, under section 1(3)(b) and 57(4) of the Firearms Act 1968 as:
an air rifle, air gun or air pistol which does not fall within section 5 (1) (a) and which is not of a type declared by rules made by the Secretary of State under section 53 of the Firearms Act to be specially dangerous".
An air rifle is "specially dangerous" if it is capable of discharging a missile so that the missile has, on being discharged from the muzzle of the weapon, kinetic energy in excess in the case of a pistol of 6 ft lbs or, in the case of an air weapon other than an air pistol, 12 ft lbs: Firearms (Dangerous Air Weapons) Rules 1969 rr. 2, 3 (Archbold 24-8a.)
(Image: @thewulfran via Twitter)
Paintball guns are a type of air weapon. The Home Office regard self-loading or pump action rifled airguns (including paintball guns) as outside the scope of the Firearms Act, unless they are sufficiently powerful to fall within the category of a " specially dangerous " air weapon (Archbold 24.8a). Paintball guns could be considered imitation firearms.
Unless an air weapon falls within one of the above exceptions, it is not subject to section 1 Firearms Act 1968.
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
If the public finds it difficult to follow the Byzantine legal case that has enmeshed Independent News & Media (INM) in recent weeks, try being the judge.
Mr Justice Peter Kelly, president of the High Court, appeared to almost reach the end of their tether with the whole thing yesterday afternoon, as a slew of interested parties addressed them seeking access to the court papers.
“We have to put some order on this,” sighed the judge. “We can't have people popping up all over the place.”
A bewildering array of lawyers stood before them representing various people seeking the grounding affidavit of the Office of the Director of Corporate Enforcement. The ODCE wants High Court inspectors appointed to INM over allegations of poor corporate governance and a major data breach.
At one stage, 18 barristers were in court, a sea of black gowns and white collars facing up at the judge. Another dozen solicitors jotted down notes.
Many of those whose data was allegedly breached, including PR company Red Flag's chief executive Karl Brophy and former INM journalist Sam Smyth, were represented.
Others to address the court included Tom Mallon, barrister for former INM chief executive Robert Pitt, who sparked the investigation by complaining to the ODCE about the alleged conduct of INM's former chairperson Leslie Buckley, after becoming dissatisfied with how their complaints were handled internally.
Mallon, said their client was especially interested in obtaining the submission of former INM director Jerome Kennedy, to whom Pitt had originally complained in 2016.
“We are keen to know what they are saying,” said Mallon.
Redactions
ODCE's barrister, Neil Steen, said the corporate watchdog generally has no objection to releasing the papers. INM's barrister, Shane Murphy, agreed, subject to INM's solicitors redacting material that was either legally privileged or irrelevant to each of the parties concerned.
Donagher had asked McAleese to tell the judge that they were in court and wanted the papers, but they had no lawyer there to represent them
Mr Justice Kelly worried aloud that these bespoke redactions could make the case so difficult to follow that it could become akin to a “Chinese opera”.
They also worried that some information that had already been publicly aired could end up being excised.
“You can't unring a rung bell,” said the judge.
At one stage, the judge adjourned the case for 20 minutes to allow the various parties to consult. When we returned, Smyth's lawyer, Simon McAleese, told the judge that they had just bumped into former INM company secretary Andrew Donagher, whose data was also allegedly breached.
Donagher had asked McAleese to tell the judge that they were in court and wanted the papers, but they had no lawyer there to represent him. Mr Justice Kelly beckoned Donagher forward, and dealt with them gently. The former INM executive, dressed casually in jeans and a jumper, quietly confirmed they also wanted the papers.
Mr Justice Kelly also addressed McAlesse, reminding them that he, too, was also named in the affidavit: “I assume you will want the papers too?”
A lawyer for The Irish Times then addressed the court.
“What is The Irish Times doing here?” queried the judge.
The paper said it, too, wanted the papers. The judge said they would deal with the request at a later date if the newspaper decided to make a formal submission.
During a lunch break, INM's lawyers gathered in the pub in the bowels of the Four Courts complex that was once known – aptly in this case – as “the Pitts”. They carried with them the boxes of evidence being sought by the various interested parties.
Once proceedings finished – the case is back before the court on May 9th – a senior solicitor for INM, from McCann Fitzgerald, wheezed as they helped to haul the boxes of evidence out of the court.
“In my day,” they said, “we would have gotten a junior clerk to do this.”
A lawyer's work is never done. . .
Gediminas Einikis is a concept artist and designer based in Chicago.
You can see more of Gediminas' work at their ArtStation page.
To see the images in their native resolution, click on the “expand” button in the top-left corner.
Fine Art is a celebration of the work of video game artists, showcasing the best of both their professional and personal portfolios. If you're in the business and have some concept, environment, promotional or character art you'd like to share, get in touch!
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
April 3 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
* Hermes Fund Managers has raised doubts about Tesco's proposed 3.5 billion pound ($4.39 billion) purchase of the wholesaler Booker, saying that it could put corner shops out of business and trigger a backlash against the retail giant. bit.ly/2o0EdvT
* Reckitt Benckiser has launched a review of the business, which includes French's mustard and Frank's Red Hot sauces. A disposal of the business could help reduce debt after the $17.9 billion deal to buy Mead Johnson, the American baby milk-powder maker. bit.ly/2o0OTdJ
The Guardian
* David Green, the director of the Serious Fraud Office, has warned that British businesses should not consider deferred prosecution agreements (DPAs) the "new normal" if they are caught misbehaving. bit.ly/2o0Cg2g
* The pension scheme deficit at Philip Green's Arcadia Group has risen to nearly 1 billion pounds, which means another headache for the former BHS owner. bit.ly/2o0DcDS
The Telegraph
* Twitter is seeking to ink deals with pay-TV companies that would let subscribers watch live channels over the social network as part of a major video push. bit.ly/2o0yYfL
* British artificial intelligence firm, Cortexica, has raised 4 million pounds to develop visual recognition technology that aims to mimic how humans see the real world. bit.ly/2o0uFAX
Sky News
* Babcock In‎ternational will this week set sail towards a prestigious 340 million pound deal providing support services to the Royal Navy's fleet of warships, according to Sky News. bit.ly/2oNzYRh
* Sky News has learnt that Co-op Group directors and their advisers will opt to reduce the value of its 20 percent stake in the Co-operative Bank to zero, reflecting mounting uncertainty about the troubled lender's future. bit.ly/2oNyvdG
The Independent
* British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said it is "very important to link trade and security" in the negotiations with the European Union over the UK's future deal with the bloc. ind.pn/2o0yNkn
($1 = 0.7967 pounds) (Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Cricket Ireland have clarified the situation regarding Paul Stirling's exclusion from this week's ICC InterContinental Cup match against The Netherlands at Malahide.
A Cricket Ireland spokesperson said: "Paul Stirling is progressing well from their recent calf injury and as a result, their late stage rehabilitation and graduated return to play meant they were able to play in Middlesex's Natwest T20 Blast matches last week.
"It was felt that the demands and rigours of four-day cricket at this important stage of their recovery could put them at a greater risk of a recurrence of their injury, and therefore remains omitted from Ireland's squad.
"It is hoped they will build up their workloads over the coming weeks and return to full fitness for all formats. Having had three days recovery, they are also likely to play in Middlesex's T20 fixture against Gloucestershire on Tuesday.
"Cricket Ireland have been in regular contact with Middlesex during Paul's injury, and both parties are in agreement that this path represents the best method for them to make a full recovery as quickly as possible, diminishing any chances of a set-back."
Play at Malahide gets under way on Tuesday at 11am, and there is free entry for all spectators.
Ireland squad for ICC Intercontinental Cup at Malahide, 15-18 August: William Porterfield (captain), John Anderson, Andrew Balbirnie, Peter Chase, Ed Joyce, Barry McCarthy, Jacob Mulder, Tim Murtagh, Kevin O'Brien, Boyd Rankin, Simi Singh, Nathan Smith, Jack Tector, Gary Wilson.
Generic view of the Show DC Korean-theme mall is seen before an opening ceremony in Bangkok, Thailand, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Fireworks explode over the Show DC Korean-theme mall during an opening ceremony in Bangkok, Thailand, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
A man walks past portraits of Korean actors at the Show DC Korean-theme mall in Bangkok, Thailand, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
BANGKOK Hoping to capitalise on growing regional interest in South Korean pop culture, a Thai company opened a $275-million Korean-themed shopping mall and entertainment complex in Bangkok on Monday.
The 180,000 square meter (1.9 million square feet) building targets both Thai fans of K-Culture and foreign visitors. It hopes to get 10 million visitors a year and become a major attraction in what was the world's most visited city last year.
"A lot of Asian people are fans of Korea," said Chayaditt Hutanuwatra, chairperson of privately-owned SHOW D.C. Corp Ltd. "Thailand is the place where people can just fly in."
The mall has stores with clothing, cosmetics and restaurants from Korean brands and K-pop artists. It has statues and palm prints of Korean stars and plans to bring Korean performers in to the floor it has dedicated as a concert hall.
South Korea's Lotte Group is among the companies that will open a store there, the mall said.
Around a third of the more than 34 million tourists forecast to visit Thailand this year is from China - where interest in K-Culture has been driven underground by a recent row over Seoul's deployment of a missile defense system.
($1 = 34.6500 baht)
(Reporting by Juarawee Kittisilpa; Editing by Mark Potter)
FILE PHOTO - Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the announcement that the U.S. Federal Reserve had hiked interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade in New York, U.S., on December 16, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
NEW YORK Large financial institutions across the world could lose 24 percent of their revenues to financial technology companies over the next three to five years, according to a new study by PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Of the more than 1300 financial industry executives polled by the professional services firm, 88 percent said they feared their business was at risk to standalone financial technology companies in areas such as payments, money transfers and personal finance, the study found.
In banking specifically, consumer services such as personal loans, were seen as most at risk, according to PwC's annual Global FinTech Report published on Wednesday.
The report came as banks and other large financial firms face growing competition from a young cohort of companies that take advantage of new technologies to offer better digital services to customers, in areas ranging from financial advice to life insurance.
To counter the threat, financial institutions expected to increase their collaboration with fintech companies, with 82 percent of respondents saying partnerships with tech-savvy firms would increase over the next three to five years, the PwC report found.
To improve their digital offering and remain competitive, large firms have been looking to work more closely with young technology companies through a number of initiatives such as corporate venture arms and innovation centres.
In their annual shareholder letter published on Tuesday, JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) chief executive Jamie Dimon highlighted some of the bank's most recent collaborations with fintech companies in areas including mortgages, small business lending and payments.
While collaboration is on the rise, entrepreneurs and executives often note that several hurdles are hindering more effective cooperation. IT security, regulatory uncertainty and differences in management and culture, were cited by respondents to PwC's report as major challenges hindering partnerships.
In particular, data privacy rules, as well as anti-money laundering and know-your-customer rules were seen as the biggest regulatory barriers to developing more innovative services.
The report also highlighted how interest in record-keeping technology blockchain continues to grow in finance, with investments in blockchain companies growing 79 percent year over year in 2016 to $450 million (£360.81 million).
While adoption of the nascent technology is not expected to happen quickly, the survey found 55 percent of respondents planned to adopt it by next year, and 77 percent by 2020.
(Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Sheriff Bill Brown says mandate, in conjunction with California's realignment, 'will exacerbate problems' at the local level
A panel of three federal judges has ordered Gov. Jerry Brown to reduce prison overcrowding by releasing nearly 10,000 inmates by the end of the year, but the state is challenging the decision.
The judicial panel, which oversees the California prison system, had previously ordered the state to reduce its prison population to 137.5 percent of capacity.
Public safety realignment, enacted through Assembly Bill 109, redistributed nonviolent prison inmates to county jails, where they would serve their time under supervision by county probation departments instead of state parole authorities.
It was a plan to work on overcrowding in state prisons, but county law enforcement, in turn, has been placing more inmates in alternative sentencing programs due to more prison-level inmates being booked into jails.
Last March, one inmate was sentenced to serve 23 years in the Santa Barbara County Jail, which traditionally only holds inmates waiting for trial or sentenced for one year or less.
Sheriff Bill Brown said releasing thousands of prisoners early “who are ill-prepared to re-enter society is an irresponsible act that defies common sense.”
This, in addition to the realignment, would exacerbate problems at the county level, they said in a statement Friday.
“Releasing prisoners by expanding already-generous early release credits degrades our state's criminal justice system,” Brown said.
They and the State Sheriffs Association support Gov. Brown's efforts to stay the judicial order and appeal the panel's prison population cap.
Santa Barbara County has been overcrowded for decades and is working on a funding plan for a new 376-bed North County Jail near Santa Maria. The county has received some state funding to help with capital costs, but officials still don't know how to pay for operating and staffing costs, estimated at $18 million per year.
The State Sheriffs Association said the federal judicial order is a threat to public safety, and the requirement to get prisons down to 137.5 percent of capacity would mean releasing more than 9,000 inmates early.
Implementing realignment is still a work in progress, and 30 counties have jails under a court-ordered or self-imposed population cap, CSSA president Sheriff Greg Ahern said in a statement.
“These facilities simply cannot absorb the wave of criminality that would come with an immediate release of such a large number of inmates,” they said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
April 3 Moleculin Biotech Inc
* Moleculin Biotech Inc files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing
* Moleculin Biotech Inc says expects to report a net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 of $3.9 million
* Moleculin Biotech - financial statements to be included in annual report on form 10-K for FY Dec. 31, 2016 will be prepared on a going concern basis
* Moleculin Biotech - sees cash on hand as of Dec. 31, 2016, additional cash from equity offering is sufficient to fund its planned operations into early 2018
* Moleculin Biotech says will not be sufficient to fund its planned operations for at least one year from the issuance of the financial statements
* Moleculin Biotech says financial factors raise substantial doubt regarding the company's ability to continue as a going concern Source: (bit.ly/2oQ9BtX) Further company coverage:
It was one of the biggest controversies in the history of Bollywood, when Madhur Bhandarkar threw Aishwarya Rai Bachchan out of their film for hiding their pregnancy news.
The director also took many indirect digs at Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and termed them greedy. Those who don't know Aishwarya was the first choice for Madhur Bhandarkar's movie Heroine and the actor had signed the movie, without informing them about their pregnancy. Read what Madhur had revealed to the media.
Here's What They Told "Today I am sitting alone in my office after the plugs being pulled off from my film Heroine... My conscience stands clear as I have been honest to my craft irrespective of the repercussions.'' ''No which way would I have trampled my dream project on which I have given my sweat and blood for almost 1 1/2 years.... '' Heroine Was My Most Ambitious Project ''This was going to be the most ambitious project of my career... My inherent belief is that motherhood is pious and I am humbled by it. I must also add that I salute every woman who chooses to work in this extremely delicate state.'' I Am A Man Who Is Surrounded By Women ''To put things in perspective, I am a man who is surrounded by women in my family. My wife, my sister, my mother and my daughter.... These are the people that make my life!'' Heroine Is Not A Normal Film "This is no normal film which can be shot in a couple of locations with handful of actors... Heroine is a film that entails a huge canvas of around 40 locations in which heavy-duty scenes involving massive crowds are to be shot.'' There is Adult Content And... ''Scenes of the actor being mobbed by the crowds... adult content... the regular song and dance sequences.... heavy-duty scenes involving hardcore physical exertion...'' Scenes Which Can Take A Massive Toll ''There are scenes with high emotional content which can take a massive toll on any normal human psyche... One of the days amongst the only 8-day shoot.'' "One of my associate directors while rehearsing for the actor tripped and had a bad fall injuring himself... The terrain we were shooting was rocky.'' When I Know The Condition Of Aishwarya Rai... ''Today, when I know the condition of my then lead actor (Ash) and I shudder at the thought what if instead of my associate they would be the one to be injured; I would have suffered a major guilt throughout my life if anything were to happen to them on my guard and direction.'' Aishwarya Was Required To Smoke "The lead actor was required to smoke on screen....but even if they chose not to smoke for the camera.'' Things Harmful For A Pregnant Woman ''There are other actors smoking in the same frame entailing to passive smoking which would prove detrimental to a pregnant woman's health.'' Aishwarya Hid The Truth From Us "The entire event would not have taken place if on the onset the actor had informed the state of their health an impending maternity.... The truth was hidden from us.'' We Came To Know About Them Pregnancy From News Channels ''We learnt about the entire thing from news channels like the rest of the world that the said actor was 4-month pregnant and they were due on November...'' Film Making Functions On Total Trust ''Film making in Mumbai is not a mere business but the industry is one big fraternity which functions on total faith and trust.'' The Film Was Announced In Cannes ''The film was announced in Cannes on 13th May while we commenced shooting on 7th June.... There was a gap of 24 days even if we had known the truth behind the maternal state of the actor.'' ''Things could have been reworked keeping the state of matters in mind accordingly and this crisis could have been averted.'' We Can't Show Aishwarya's 7 Months Pregnancy On Screen ''The entire crisis would have taken a humungous shape had the truth not being unveiled when it was.... With 65 days of shooting remaining.... It would make the concerned actor 6-7 months pregnant.'' ''Cinema is a visual medium and keeping in mind the physical state of the actor the total interpretation of the character of a diva and the story would land up in major jeopardy post 65 days of their pregnancy...'' I Was In A State Of Shock & Depression Because Of Aishwarya Rai ''This decision of pulling the plug had a devastating effect on me ... It was like an avalanche collapsing on me... I was in a state of total shock and depression... I have been working on the script for almost a year and a half....'' I Could Not Come To The Office Because Of This ''I could not come to the office for almost 8 days for the fear of facing those people whose bread and butter depended upon the film... because in true sense these people were the worst affected by the turn of events...''
They had added, '"It was a collective decision of the producers of the film to pull off the plug on the current assembled project. I am still reeling in a state of shock.... But still chose to remain silent all these days; but was coerced into breaking my silence... as I realized that truth deserved to be told.''
Also Read: Ranbir Kapoor Upsets Salman Khan By Ignoring Him In Front Of Katrina Kaif!
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Johnny Sexton is rightly receiving a lot of praise on social media at the moment.
Their remarkable drop goal after time helped Ireland win the NatWest 6 Nations opener 15-13 against France.
Sports fans, understandably, went wild.
Everyone from Dublin Fire Brigade to Kevin Kilbane got caught up in the moment:
And thats why Rugby is the best sport in the world… #FRAvIRE — Aidan Lee (@aido956) February 3, 2018
That's for Thierry Henrys handball. What a finish! #FRAvIRE — Karol Crotty (@CrottyKarol) February 3, 2018
What a strike from Sexton. Some ending there. #FRAvIRE — Kevin Kilbane (@kdkilbane77) February 3, 2018
To say my heart stopped I was deadddd ☘️💚☘️ #FRAvIRE https://t.co/7CJXFyB9tO — Katie Doyle (@kdoyle124) February 3, 2018
The cross kick. The drop. Holy sweet mother of BOD. What a way to win. #FRAvIRE — Leo the Lion (@LeinsterLeo) February 3, 2018
Somebody tell me when I can breathe again. I think it'll be Thursday. #FRAvIRE 🇮🇪❤️ — Pádraig Belton (@PadraigBelton) February 3, 2018
Well done, Johnny!
Share it:
Don't Miss
The European Union is considering the implementation of a three-percent tax on the income of digital corporations such as Twitter, Facebook, eBay, and Google. The proposed tax would be levied against gross revenues dependent on where users are located.
According to Bloomberg, the European Commission released the draft last Friday outlining a plan that would increase the tax burden of large companies that operate digitally within the EU. The commission believes that these companies do not pay enough compared to the value created in the union and use loopholes in the current “uncoordinated” European regulations to avoid paying what they owe.
“EU countries have been looking into methods to tax digital companies, including Amazon.com Inc. and Facebook Inc., in a way that captures the true value created in the region,” said the report.
According to lawmakers, the tax would only be a temporary short-term remedy for the perceived problem. It would allow the EU to collect taxes while it works out a more permanent long-term solution.
"While agreeing to work towards a long-term solution by 2020, some countries believe that there is a strong imperative to act quickly and are in favour of the introduction of interim measures, while other countries are opposed to them and consider that such measures will give rise to risks and adverse consequences."
The proposed plan targets businesses that offer advertising or the sale of user data but also has provisions for companies that provide a platform for interaction between users. However, the plan looks to only impose the tax on corporations with annual revenues of over 750 million euros ($920 million). So smaller businesses are not in the crosshairs.
The commission plans to propose the tax on March 21, but it is not guaranteed to pass. Some countries have already expressed concern that the tax may cause customers to purchase products outside of the EU.
Additionally, for the proposal to become law, all 28 members of the union must agree to it. This means that a single country could block the tax. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development reports that EU members agree that there needs to be tax reform for the new digital economy, but as of yet, they cannot seem to agree on how to proceed.
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) welcomes the audit findings of the Quality Assurance Council (QAC) Panel under the University Grants Committee.
Contact
Margaret Ho
***@polyu.edu.hk Margaret Ho
End
-- The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) welcomes the audit findings of the Quality Assurance Council (QAC) Panel under the University Grants Committee and is delighted to learn that the Panel found good practices worthy of commendations in all the audit areas and the two audit themes – Enhancing the student learning experience and Global engagements:strategies and current developments. The Panel concluded that PolyU has an effective framework in place for Quality Enhancement (QE) that is systematically monitored, internally reviewed and externally benchmarked.PolyU President Professor Timothy W. Tong said "PolyU puts students at the centre and strives to provide a value-added education. We are encouraged that the Panel appreciates the achievements of our graduates, based on the comments from employers and alumni, as well as employment statistics."To tie in with the new academic structure launched in 2012, PolyU has redesigned the undergraduate curriculum, with a view to sending forth graduates who are capable of having success in their chosen profession while ready to serve the global society. To enhance the students' learning experience, PolyU makes innovative use of technology in learning and teaching, and provide students with fit-for-purpose learning space. The implementation of outcome-based education is mandatory and fully integrated into PolyU's quality assurance process.The Panel concluded that PolyU's undergraduate curriculum is innovative, focusing on academic relevance, real-world experience, professional practice and international understanding and experience and commended PolyU for making service-learning and work-integrated education mandatory. The Panel also noted the students' high levels of satisfaction with the development of learning spaces and the use of electronic resources.With regards to the University's efforts in global engagement, the Panel commended the University's strategic focus on internationalisation in the strategic plan and the way in which teaching staff, non-academic professional support staff and students have embraced, adopted and implemented the theme within both the core and co-curriculum. The Panel said, the global engagements theme permeates the University's thinking and operations, and PolyU's proactive and creative approach to global engagements is working effectively.Professor Tong welcomes the Panel's endorsement of the University's firm commitment, comprehensive strategies and plans to enhance the student learning experience. They said, "the University considers this quality audit an opportunity for QE. We will thoroughly consider all suggestions in the spirit of continuous quality enhancement."
Chamomile is the common name of a group of plants that have been used since ancient times as herbal remedy. There are several different species of chamomile; however, Matricaria recutita (German chamomile) and Chamaemelum nobile (Roman chamomile) are widely grown across the world. Matricaria recutita is a hardy plant that can be found in a variety of different soils and climate. The plant has historically been used in teas for treating fevers, flu, digestive disorders, and skin ailments. Chamomile oil, also known as blue oil, is the primary extract of the flowers and flower heads of the chamomile plant. This oil contains several compounds that have medicinal benefits with key constituent groups being coumarins, sesquiterpenes, polyacetylenes, and flavonoids.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/matricaria-recutitta-extract-market.html
These groups mainly consist of chamazulene, (E)-β-farnesene, α-bisabolol oxides A and α-bisabolol oxides B, α-bisabolol and terpene alcohol. The Matricaria recutita extracts are included as drugs in the pharmacopoeia of many countries across the globe and are known for their anti-inflammatory, antiseptic and spasmolytic properties.
Common process of obtaining the Matricaria recutita extract from the blossom of the plant is trough steam distillation. Under this process, hot steam is passed through a still containing the Matricaria recutita flowers. The hot steam penetrates the plant, forcing the essential oil out of the plant. It is then collected separately. Chamomile oil yields obtained from the Matricaria recutita flowers are very low, typical yields being only 0.2–0.4% of the total weight of the flowers. The extracted oil is used for a variety of medicinal purposes, with the general use being for mental and physical relaxation.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20408
Depending upon the therapeutic use, the oil can be ingested orally or can be topically applied. Matricaria recutita oil extract is used to ease insomnia, as a mood enhancer, mild anti-depressant, and an aid to calm nervousness or anxiety problems. Apart from its mental calming properties, the oil is also useful for soothing aching joints and muscles. The Matricaria recutita oil is commonly used as an ingredient in skin lotions and creams due to its anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties. The oil is also used to ease digestive problems and soothe conjunctivitis symptoms. In addition to pharmaceutical uses, the oil is extensively employed in a number of commercial products including soaps, alcoholic beverages, detergents, perfumes, lotions, ointments, hair care products, food products, bakery products, and cosmetics
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," they say.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. Their company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is their biggest customer by far.
From their home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations their company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in their office, watching the electrician do the installation. They ran out, moved their electric car, plugged in and charged their car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
April 10 Capgemini:
* Capgemini will acquire the North American operations of Ciber, for a total price of $50 million
* Assets to be acquired include the majority of the North American business of Ciber, covering client-focused assets, employees and operations, with revenue of around $275 million
* Acquisition will strengthen Capgemini's presence in the region with key Fortune 1000 clients in sectors such as Automotive, Telecom and Media sectors, Capgemini says in a statement
* Says deal likely to be accretive to EPS
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
A woman walks past an advertisement of a tissue paper brand of Swedish SCA company on a street in Santiago, Chile, November 10, 2015. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado/File Photo
STOCKHOLM Shares of Sweden's SCA (SCAb.ST) touched a record high on Thursday on a media report that a group of private equity firms had bid 200 billion crowns (17.85 billion pounds) for its hygiene products arm, a top global producer of diapers and toilet paper.
Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter, citing unnamed sources, said at least two international private equity firms had jointly bid for the hygiene business a few weeks ago. It did not name the bidders.
Last week SCA formally approved a proposal to spin off its hygiene products business, to be called Essity, as a separately listed unit, leaving the forestry business under the SCA name.
SCA, the world's largest maker of incontinence pads and the second largest in consumer tissues such as napkins and toilet paper, declined to comment on the bid report.
The hygiene business accounts for the bulk of SCA's value.
The report did not say whether the 200 billion crown figures represents the suitors' basic valuation or total enterprise value, which also includes debt.
Private equity buyers often cite enterprise value when discussing bids.
Handelsbanken Capital Markets analyst Karri Rinta said a 200 billion crown price tag for the business would represent a good price for SCA but would be "pretty uninteresting" to shareholders if it referred to enterprise value.
Analysts at investment bank UBS and Handelsbanken Capital Markets estimate the hygiene operation's worth at between 193 billion crowns and 213 billion crowns.
The business had 31 billion crowns of long-term debt as the end of 2016, according to a statement this week.
INVESTOR INTEREST
SCA shares jumped as much as 9.8 percent to a record high early on Thursday before closing the shortened trading day with a gain of 7.8 percent, the top performer in the STOXX Europe 600 index.
SCA has said it aims to list Essity as soon as possible and no later than the second half of 2017.
Investor interest in SCA has increased since it announced the spin-off plan last August, with several media reports of planned bids for its forestry arm.
Essity counts U.S. companies Procter & Gamble (PG.N) and Kimberly-Clark (KMB.N) among its main rivals.
Its leading brands include Plenty kitchen roll, Libero baby diapers and Tena incontinence care products, with diaper sales growing in emerging markets and incontinence pads increasingly in demand among ageing populations in wealthy nations.
Roger Bostrom, a union representative on the SCA board, said they were unaware of any bid. "I have not seen anything, heard anything, and I have no comment," they told Reuters.
A banking source said they did not expect one of Essity's rivals to make a bid, adding that Procter & Gamble would face antitrust problems and that Kimberly-Clark had already exited parts of its European business some years ago.
Essity, with sales of 101 billion crowns last year, accounts for 86 percent of total group sales. The division made an adjusted operating profit of 11.8 billion crowns.
The SCA group had an overall market value of 194 billion crowns at Wednesday's market close.
SCA agreed in December to buy German bandage and plaster cast maker BSN Medical for 2.74 billion euros. The new acquisition form parts of Essity's business.
(Additional reporting by Anna Ringstrom and Bjorn Rundstrom in Stockholm and Martinne Geller in London; Editing by Mark Bendeich, Jason Neely and David Goodman)
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce has told their Aston Villa players to "man up" after their awful defeat at Cardiff City.
Bruce was fuming as Villa struggled to get going and were beaten 1-0 by Neil Warnock's Bluebirds.
"In all I've been here three months and we've done okay, but we cant keep throwing in that one," they said.
"That's now two or three games away from home where we've thrown that hand grenade in and I won't accept it.
"So they can either man up to it and say we've got to to do it their way or alternatively I'll find a team eventually that will play my game.
"Most people will tell you the way Ive managed over the last 20 years.
"I want a team that epitomises what I stand for. I cant stand looking at the first half because we didn't do enough.
"Of course you have off days but make sure then that you really do the basics as if it means something to you.
"In the first half I could say we were nowhere near it."
April 6 Kontron AG
* FY revenue fell 17.7 percent to 385.1 million eur
* Revenues eur 385.1 million (-17.7 % on 2015: eur 467.7 million)
* Order intake eur 361.5 million (-7.7 % on 2015: eur 391.8 million)
* Kontron AG - due to decline in order intake, revenues are forecast to remain comparable in 2017 fiscal year
* EBIT adjusted for restructuring cost and non-recurring costs comes to eur - 58.8 million (2015: eur 14.5 million)
* Kontron AG - 2017 gross margin is anticipated to rise again to over 25 % on account of partnerships with ennoconn and s&t. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 29 Delta Lloyd Nv:
* A large majority of shareholders of Delta Lloyd N.V. has approved a conditional legal merger with NN Group Bidco B.V.
* Legal merger will be a triangular legal merger of Delta Lloyd N.V. into NN Group Bidco B.V. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 29 Reliq Health Technologies Inc
* Reliq Health Technologies corporate update
* Secured contract with Paz Home Health in Mcallen ; expected to generate over $6 million in annual revenue by 2018
* Expects to achieve profitability by end of 2017 cash position Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Arianne Phosphate Inc
* Arianne phosphate announces mou agreement with SNC-Lavalin and Cegertec to act as project management consultants
* Signing of a MOU agreement with a joint venture between SNC-Lavalin and Cegertec to act as project manager consultants Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DRIVING OUT STIGMA: Irina Foster hopes more awareness around mobility scooter laws and regulations will help reduce the endless abuse they face as a mobility scooter user.
DRIVING OUT STIGMA: Irina Foster hopes more awareness around mobility scooter laws and regulations will help reduce the endless abuse they face as a mobility scooter user. Marian Faa
IRENA Foster looks back on the day they almost got collected by a semi-trailer at a Warwick intersection and wishes they had known about mobility scooter laws.
Strict rules are designed to address the dangers of mobility scooter use but many ignore the laws or don't know they exist.
"People haven't got a clue," Ms Foster said.
A mobility scooter user for 10 years, Ms Foster only came across the laws when recently helping their daughter apply for a learner licence.
Things like wearing a helmet, driving less than 12km/h and keeping to the left on footpaths are part of a suite of rules mobility scooter users must abide by.
DID YOU KNOW: People on mobility scooters must keep left on footpaths and drive on the right side of the road. They must wear a helmet and cannot use a mobile phone while driving. Marian Faa
Dangers need addressing with ageing population
In Australia, at least 62 people have died from mobility scooter accidents.
Warwick resident Nick Inmon's father passed away after suffering serious brain injuries from a scooter accident in 2016.
The 70-year-old man was knocked off their scooter and trapped under a car when a vehicle failed to give way at an intersection.
Mr Inmon said an ageing population meant road regulators would have to address a higher volume of mobility scooters.
"They may need to run courses for people who use them," they said.
But Ms Foster said the physical danger was just part of the problem.
MORE TO Them STORY: Irena Foster has osteoarthritis and heart conditions that affect their mobility. They hope more awareness will make roads and footpaths safer for scooter users. Marian Faa
Abuse from all angles
They said the constant stream of abuse was something that would take much longer to address.
"Pedestrians will swear at me, call me fat and useless," they said.
On the road, other vehicles honk, flash their headlights and tell them to move to the other side of the road.
Ms Foster hoped increased awareness of the regulations would improve safety and reduce the "obscene" abuse they faced every day.
"People just think we are too lazy to walk and they don't understand we are just trying to follow the rules."
Under law, failing to keep left could land Ms Foster with an $84 fine.
But many pedestrians expect them to steer to the right on the footpath to move out of their way.
BIG ISSUE: Driving down the main street, Irina Foster cops endless abuse from people who don't understand the medical condition behind their mobility scooter. Marian Faa
More to mobility that laziness
Ms Foster said stigma surrounding the use of mobility scooters was everywhere.
"People comment on my size, but they don't know what I have been through," they said.
Suffering from osteoarthritis, Ms Foster uses a mobility device to "save them from the embarrassment" of falling over if they stand for extended periods of time.
"People don't seem to understand that I have a medical condition that makes me need this scooter," they said.
In order to register their vehicle with the Department of Transport, Mrs Foster had to go through rigorous medical checks.
The Department was unable to provide a response.
By Brian Liskai
FREMONT, Ohio – The chase for the $10,000 All Pro Aluminum Cylinder Heads FAST 410 Championship Series presented by Ohio Logistics crown has tightened up after a big double-header of FAST racing this past weekend. And, the teams battling for the championship of the JLH General Contractor FAST 305 Championship Series presented by Engine Pro finally got a weekend of competition in as they prepare to hit the road and compete on the high banks of LimalandMotorsportsPark in Lima, Ohio Friday, June 16.
“Mother Nature finally cooperated with both tracks and the racing was exciting and entertaining. The points are close and the next few months will be a lot of fun to watch,” said Rich Famer, FAST President.
“We are looking forward to taking our 20 plus FAST 305 teams to Limaland Friday. They put on a hell of a show last year and created quite the buzz among the Limaland fans. I know the teams are excited to get to experience a new track,” Farmer added.
The FAST 410 sprint teams competed at AtticaRacewayPark in Attica, Ohio on Friday, June 9 and it was Aliquippa, Pennsylvania's Tim Shaffer scoring their second series win of 2017. FAST competitor Chris Andrews finished second followed by Ohio Sprint Car Series 2016 champion Cole Duncan and FAST drivers Tyler Gunn and DJ Foos rounding out the top five.
Saturday, June 10 would find the FAST teams at Fremont Speedway. Genoa, Ohio's Brian Lay led all 30 laps for their first victory of the season. The win, coupled with Foos' 11th place finish and Andrews' third place run really tightened up the FAST point standings.
Foos, who has led the FAST points since opening night, has a slim 21 point lead over Andrews with Lay moving to within 67 markers and Gunn pulling into fourth in the standings. Duane Zablocki and Shawn Valenti, who both experienced mechanical woes Saturday, fell to fifth and sixth in the FAST standings while good runs for Stuart Brubaker (12th at Attica and 8th at Fremont) and rookie Dan McCarron (17th at Attica and 9th at Fremont) kept them in the hunt at seventh and eighth in points. Jody Keegan had a solid weekend (11th at Attica and 7th at Fremont) to hold down ninth in the FAST standings while Adam Kekich rebounded with a 10th place run at Fremont to secure the 10th spot in points.
The rest of the FAST 410 standings finds four time series champion Byron Reed, who missed Friday's racing to attend their son's tennis match in 11th and Lee Jacobs, who posted a pair of sixth place finishes over the weekend, in 12th. Trey Jacobs has been forced to sit out while engine work takes place and is expected to be back behind the wheel of the #3J soon.
The FAST 410 series will be off until Friday and Saturday, June 30 and July 1 at AtticaRacewayPark and Fremont Speedway.
After several rain-outs, the JLH General Contractor FAST 305 Championship presented by Engine Pro teams got a chance to take a bite out of Paul Weaver's point lead. The car counts were fantastic with 33 FAST competitors at Attica and 27 at Fremont. Weaver, the defending series champion, continued their hot streak, taking the wins at both Attica and Fremont to remain three-for-three in FAST competition so far in 2017. Weaver has eight total victories in 2017.
However, two time FAST Champion Nate Dussel of Gibsonburg isn't going to make it easy for Weaver. Dussel scored a second at AtticaRacewayPark Friday and followed with a third place performance at Fremont Saturday and is only 39 points behind Weaver.
Fremont, Ohio's John Ivy registered a fifth at Attica and a fourth at Fremont and is only 42 points behind Weaver. Kyle Capodice (4th at Attica, 5th at Fremont) and Alvin Roepke (11th at Attica, 2nd at Fremont) round out the top five in FAST points.
Sixth through 10th in points are: Kelsey Ivy (6th at Attica, 17th at Fremont); Cody Bova (9th at Attica, 11th at Fremont); Jason Keckler (16th at Attica, 10th at Fremont); Tyler Street (13th at Attica, 8th at Fremont); and (tie) Seth Schneider (14th at Attica, 13th at Fremont) and Jamie Miller (21st at Attica, 6th at Fremont).
The rest of the 305 FAST points are: 12. Bobby Clark; 13. rookie Chase Dunham and Kevin Mingus; 15. Dustin Rall; 16. Landon LaLonde and George Englert; 18. Brad Keckler; 19. rookie Justin Adams; 20. Ricky Peterson.
The teams of the JLH General Contractor FAST 305 Championship Series presented by Engine Pro head to the high banked quarter-mile of LimalandMotorsportsPark Friday, June 16 on Fritchie Asphalt Night. Last July Weaver took the win at Limaland ahead of Dan McCarron, Nate Dussel, Capodice and Alvin Roepke, who charged from 18th to finish fifth.
Limaland's pit gates will open Friday at 4:30 p.m. with spectator gates opening at 5 p.m. Racing starts at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $12 for adults; $6 for teens (11-15); with kids 10 and under admitted free. Pit passes are $25. More information is at www.limaland.com.
Those seeking additional information regarding the 2017 All Pro Aluminum Cylinder Heads FAST Championship 410 Sprint Series presented by Ohio Logistics or the 2017 JLH General Contractor FAST Championship 305 Sprint Series presented by Engine Pro can log on at www.fastondirt.com . Be sure to stay updated on everything FAST related and ‘like' FAST on Facebook at facebook.com/fastondirt and follow FAST on Twitter @FASTseries.
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) — The Cyprus Cooperative Bank says it's looking for investors to buy up the lender either in whole or in part.
The bank said Monday it has appointed Citigroup Global Markets to look for investors as part of its strategic plan.
The deadline for expressions of interest is March 29.
The bank is 77-percent state-owned and is the leader in the amount of deposits held by Cypriots.
Advertisement
But it's weighed down by bad loans — more than 58 percent of the total.
That was a consequence of a 2013 banking crisis that forced Cyprus to accept a rescue deal that included a seizure of unsecured deposits in the country's two largest lenders.
Finance Minister Harris Georgiades said the move would help rebuild confidence and credibility in the bank.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
MEDIA RELEASE
The Department of Public Works Traffic Division will be working on the traffic signals at the Haili St./Keawe St. And Haili St./Kino‘ole St. Intersections on Tuesday, March 20, 2018 between the hours of 7 a.m. to 2 p.m., and on the Kapi‘olani St./Ponahawai St. intersection on March 22, 2018 between the hours of 8 a.m. to 2 p.m., weather conditions permitting.
The upgrade involves installing wireless vehicle detection sensors in the roadway on all approaches to the intersections and programing the traffic signals to optimize traffic flow. The intersections will remain open and the Traffic Division will work on one approach at a time with Special off-duty police officers supporting them in directing motorists around the lane they are working in. Motorists are advised to expect delays and are encouraged to use alternate routes.
County of Hawai‘i Department of Public Works apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause and thanks the community for their patience and understanding.
If there are any questions or concerns, please call Barett Otani, Information and Education Specialist, at 961-8787.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
May 3 Golden Star Resources Ltd
* Golden Star reports first quarter 2017 results
* Golden Star Resources Ltd - 9% increase in gold production to 57,795 ounces in q1 of 2017 compared to q1 of 2016
* On track to achieve its full year 2017 guidance in terms of gold production, cash operating cost per ounce
* Qtrly income per share attributable to golden star shareholders $0.00
* Qtrly adjusted income per share attributable to golden star shareholders - basic $0.01
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.01 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees for 2017 capital expenditures of $63 million, which includes enhanced exploration budget
* Gold production in q2 of 2017 is expected to be in line with production results for q1 of 2017
* Q1 revenue $68.5 million versus $61.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi called on the government to provide imported medications that do not have local replacements, according to a statement by the presidency on Sunday.
During their meeting with Prime Minister Sherif Ismail and Minister of Health Ahmed Emad El-Din on Sunday, Al-Sisi stressed the necessity to continue supporting the medicine supply in the market, guarantee the availability of all kinds of medicine at appropriate prices, and provide the financial allocations needed to do so.
Spokesperson of the presidency Alaa Youssef said that during the meeting, Al-Sisi was updated with the government's efforts regarding the development of the healthcare system, especially providing medications during price increases due to the liberalisation of the Egyptian pound.
During its meeting last Thursday, the government approved the increase in medicine prices, according to a press statement by the Minister of Health on Saturday. The medicines subject to the increase will not exceed 15% of local medicines and 20% of imported medicines. It is divided into three segments, with a minimum increase of 30% and a maximum of 50%.
The minister added that the medicines for chronic diseases have been excluded from the increase.
On Sunday, the minister of health explained to Al-Sisi the ministry's strategy to overcome the problem of medicine shortage through a short-term plan, including raising prices and compensating for the medicine shortages through the Ministry of Health, a medium-term plan including the requalification of public pharmaceutical factories, and a long-term plan based on expanding the manufacture of medicine, according to the statement.
The minister of health also said that the ministry allocated over EGP 8bn to reform and develop public hospitals and medical facilities that need development throughout the next two years.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds analyst scepticism on agreement, analyst comment, divestment valuation background, updates stock price)
By Wilda Asmarini and Susan Taylor
JAKARTA/TORONTO, March 30 Freeport McMoRan Inc's Indonesian unit is close to reaching a deal that would allow the world's biggest publicly listed copper producer to temporarily resume concentrate exports, Indonesia's mining minister said on Thursday.
The news boosted Freeport's stock more than 6 percent as it is a marked shift in tone from the Southeast Asian nation, which banned miners from shipping copper concentrate on Jan. 12 as part of a hard line push to develop its local smelter industry and boost domestic benefits from mining.
Energy and Mineral Resources Minister Ignasius Jonan said a new deal would allow Freeport to resume exports for the next six months from Grasberg, the world's second-biggest copper mine, while a new permit is negotiated.
"Freeport Indonesia has entered the final stage of discussions," Jonan told parliament, adding the finance ministry will oversee talks, focusing on a "nailed down" tax rate and guarantees fiscal terms will not change.
"If they agree on the special mining permit, they can export, as long as they put forward a proposal to develop a smelter within five years," Jonan said, adding Freeport agreed to adopt the new permit in principle.
Freeport stock climbed 6.1 percent to $13.50 in New York afternoon trading.
Phoenix, Arizona-based Freeport said it was progressing "constructive discussions" that would allow it to resume exports, while retaining its current contract until there is agreement on a new permit.
Indonesia wants Freeport to adopt a license that includes new taxes and royalties, but Freeport insists on retaining fiscal and legal guarantees.
Analysts were skeptical that a deal is close, noting big hurdles including taxes, divestment and the right to international arbitration.
"Ultimately, both sides have a tremendous incentive to find a resolution, but it seems like there are still significant hurdles," said Jefferies analyst Chris LaFemina.
"It's not clear to me that those long-term issues are any closer to being resolved."
Under the ban, Freeport has shelved billions of dollars of planned investments, but is taking a hit on Grasberg, which represents about a third of its cash flow, on average, said LaFemina.
Freeport must also to divest 51 percent of its Indonesian unit - up from 30 percent - under the new permit.
Last year, Freeport valued Grasberg at $16.2 billion. It offered a 10.64 percent stake, for $1.7 billion, to the government, which proposed $630 million.
Jonan said a valuation would reflect "commercial or market value", but not include the value of mineral resources.
If permit issues are unresolved by June 17, Freeport has warned it could go to arbitration and seek damages.
(Reporting by Wilda Asmarini in Jakarta and Susan Taylor in Toronto; Writing by Fergus Jensen; Editing by Susan Thomas and Marguerita Choy)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
April 3 Orion Health Group Ltd
* Forecast fy2017 operating revenue is now between $194 million and $200 million
* Full year 2017 net loss before income tax is expected to be between $32 million and $38 million
* Ffy2017 revenue is now forecast to be a decrease on fy2016 in gaap terms
* Expect to see year on year revenue growth in constant currency terms, albeit modest in fy2017
* Ongoing management of costs allows orion health to continue to target a move into profitability during fy2018
* Closing cash position is now expected to be $2 million to $6 million in fy2017
* Previously provided guidance to market that it expects to reach break even during fy2018, this guidance remains unchanged
* Working capital facilities remain in place with asb bank who remain committed to orion health
* Current discussions with additional investors are confidential
* A number of contracts that were expected to close before end of fy2017 did not do so
* All figures in NZ$ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mainstream economic thinkers back carbon pricing. We should too
Science Matters | by David Suzuki
Angel Gurria sounds more like the leader of an environmental or social justice group.
In their recent University of Toronto lecture Climate Action: Time for Implementation, Gurria stressed that climate change is a public health issue “disproportionately affecting the most vulnerable as well as those least responsible for anthropogenic warming.”
Gurria is Secretary-General of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, a group representing some of the richest, most industrialized nations on Earth.
They said the Toronto lecture was their third climate talk in recent years. In the first, they argued that fossil fuel emissions to the atmosphere must be “completely eliminated in the second half of this century.” I disagree with their support of carbon capture — allowing carbon dioxide pollution to be created but storing it below ground. But their vision of worldwide net-zero emissions is breathtaking. We associate the words “completely eliminated” with Greenpeace, not the OECD.
And he's certainly no friend of coal-fired power. “[It's] no longer cheap given rapid advances in renewables and the heavy costs of air pollution,” they argue. In its report Investing in Climate, Investing in Growth, the OECD laments continued investment in coal-based power generation. Given that many member states are economically vested in coal, Gurria's stance is admirable. They don't ignore the fuel's harmful effects nor is they afraid to critique their own constituents.
And they understand the situation's urgency. “Countries can no longer credibly argue that better evidence is needed before we take action,” they say.
Gurria has no patience for those who claim the science is unsettled or that climate remedies can be postponed. It's encouraging that someone of their stature believes the question is no longer “whether” but “how fast?”
Gurria is a great supporter of the Paris climate agreement but believes it doesn't go far enough. Rather than adopt a cautious approach — perhaps waiting for nations to meet their current targets before embarking on more stringent ones — they urge greater ambition, arguing there is presently a “serious shortfall in the aggregate level of pledged emissions reductions.”
They note that even if Paris commitments keep temperature rise below two degrees Celsius, there will be more extreme weather events — including flooding and drought — and food insecurity.
Perhaps most encouraging, Gurria calls for higher carbon prices and a phase-out of fossil fuel subsidies. Carbon prices, they say, are non-existent or too low.
In recent years, the debate in Canada has been over whether or not to implement carbon pricing. For Gurria, that question is settled. The issue now is raising the price to levels that will achieve emission-reduction goals.
By taking this position, the OECD has put carbon pricing opponents on notice that they are out of step with mainstream economic thought.
Fossil fuel subsidies, Gurria writes, function as “negative carbon price signals” furthering the uptake of oil and gas at the very moment when their use needs to be curtailed. They could have urged the subsidies' reduction; instead, they call for their removal. They remind us of their staggering global scale — about half a trillion dollars annually. They say they “disproportionately benefit” the well off.
Criticizing these subsidies takes guts. It means targeting some of the world's largest resource companies.
The only serious flaw is their unquestioning support for economic growth. They believe that can be “inclusive and climate-compatible,” but their argument is not wholly convincing. In a recent open letter, some 15,000 scientists raised concerns about “the role of an economy rooted in growth.” At a minimum, Gurria should recognize the work of thinkers such as Canadian economist (and former David Suzuki Foundation board member) Peter Victor, who argue vital societal goals, such as full employment, can be achieved without growth.
But the lesson is not that the OECD still embraces some tenets of traditional economics. That's a given. The interesting thing is how far elite actors have come in acknowledging key drivers of the climate crisis, and the means to its solution. Sceptics take note: one of the world's most influential economists urges dramatic climate action — including a higher, and rising, price on carbon.
With contributions from Gideon Forman. Learn more at www.davidsuzuki.org
Ever since I was a young boy I always knew what I wanted to become when I was older. A soldier. Growing up in Northern Ireland, it wasn't strange seeing soldiers on the streets on a regular basis. So when I was old enough, I knew what I was going to do.
I remember listening to my father's stories, particularly one story about an uncle who served in the Irish Defence Forces. After more research, I decided I was going to do the same.
Mark McManus providing protection for a VIP visiting the former Isis headquarters in Fallujah, which now serves as a city hospital
I joined the Defence Forces in 1997. My initial contract was for three years. At that time there weren't many opportunities for career advancement in the Defence Forces, so I decided to leave.
I moved back home to Co Antrim. I stayed in employment for those couple of years doing numerous dead-end jobs. I soon got bored with civvi life, moving from job to job. When I was back home I met my beautiful wife, Denise, and they soon fell pregnant with my first son Liam.
I began basic training for a second time. Albeit with a different army, the fundamentals were basically the same
One day I told them I planned to rejoin the army, which they fully supported. So in in 2002, and with tensions running high in the Middle East, I joined the Royal Irish Regiment.
In September of that year, I began basic training for a second time. Albeit with a different army, the fundamentals were basically the same. My passing-off parade was on the same day as my son's first birthday, so it was a double celebration that day.
We were told after we finished our basic training that we would be deploying to Iraq immediately. I soon found myself in the thick of things. My regiment was the first to cross the Iraq border from Kuwait in the invasion of Iraq. We spent three months there, pushing the Iraq army all the way from Basra right up to Al Amarah, where we took over the local football stadium and used it as an operations base. We were eventually relieved by another unit and we returned to our home base.
I went back to Iraq in 2005 and 2006, when the insurgency war was at its highest. Many units lost men during that time, but my unit didn't lose a single man. As my commanding officer said, it must have been the luck of the Irish.
After various other tours of duty and overseas exercises, I felt the time was right to leave the army, especially after my second son Keelan was born. Not long after I left, I noticed a private security company was recruiting for guys to protect merchant vessels against violent Somali pirates in the Indian Ocean. The money was good, so I went for it.
I served on dozens of ships, repelled numerous attacks from the pirates, and made some very good friends in-between. I had the opportunity to visit some amazing and beautiful countries whilst the ships were in port loading up their cargo – Madagascar, Mozambique, Kenya and Sri Lanka, to name but a few.
Mark McManus and a Royal Irish Regiment colleague on patrol in Baghdad city in 2005
2015 saw a massive downturn in the maritime security industry. Wages were dropping by the month as employers located guys in Eastern Europe and India who would do the work for lower wages. It was time to look for another job. I had a mortgage and family to provide for.
In May 2015 I found myself back in Iraq, Baghdad to be precise. I got a job as a bodyguard to a very senior diplomat, protecting them whenever they travelled to meetings in the city and further afield when they went to to different provinces all over Iraq.
My current contract has me away from home for eight weeks at a time, but then I get four weeks off to enjoy with my family.
My first son, Liam, has just turned 16. They plan to follow in my footsteps and join the Defence Forces when they are old enough to apply, hopefully entering as a junior officer if they get accepted into a cadetship.
Keelan, my younger son, is now 11 and starts high school next year. I know it's hard for both of them having their dad away for long periods at a time, but I get to talk to them every day I'm away. This makes it a little easier, but it still hurts not being with them, especially if I'm away over their birthdays or Christmas.
If it wasn't for my wife, doing what I do would not be possible.  They are happy with me being away for the time being, but as soon as that changes then it's time for me to come home again.
Who knows where I will be next year or the year after, probably in another war-torn country, but there is one thing I know for sure, I will always call Ireland my home.
By Olasunkanmi Akoni
Members of the Senate, yesterday, urged the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), the Nigerian Police Force and all other relevant Security Agencies to collaborate with Lagos State and other states in investigating culpability in the Otedola Bridge tanker explosion and ensuring that truck drivers comply with traffic rules and regulations.
The call became necessary following the unfortunate inferno that engulfed a tanker conveying petroleum products which claimed 12 lives and 58 vehicles along the Otedola Bridge in Lagos, last Thursday, June 28th, 2018.
Senators further resolved to direct its relevant committees to invite the FRSC and NNPC to develop solutions to prevent such accidents in future, while also urging the Federal Ministry of Power, Works and Housing and State Governments to accelerate the development of trailer parks and installation of weigh-bridges to manage the trailer movement on our roads.
This resolution was reached following a motion sponsored by the Senator representing Lagos East Senatorial District, Senator Gbenga Ashafa, who addressed the Senate under Order 42 which provides for Matters of Urgent Public Importance.
In the Motion captioned; “Need to enforce stricter driving regulations against petrol tankers, trailers and other articulated vehicles across Nigeria,” Ashafa identified human error as the major cause of such accidents stating that “The Senate is further concerned that there seems to be a clear trail of preventable human error, lack of road worthiness as the prevalent causes of these life threatening accidents.”
Ashafa therefore, expressed displeasure over inaction of relevant authorities after a similar motion was moved in 2015 when series of fuel tanker fires occurred across Nigeria including the unfortunate tanker fire which occurred in the Upper Iweka area of Onitsha in Anambra State, claiming 70 lives, in 2015.
In their words, “The Senate is concerned that between 2015 and 2018, the same issues of fuel tanker infernos and accidents caused by articulated vehicles still bedevil our highways.”
On their part, the Senator representing Lagos Central, Senator Oluremi Tinubu OON, while contributing to the motion complained about the state of Nigerian roads while appealing to Government to create transit parks for trailer drivers. They stated that “Unfortunately the roads were appalling, we are all very familiar with the Lagos- Ibadan expressway. I want to appeal to the Senate and Nigeria as a whole to create trailer parks.”
The Senate President, Bukola Saraki said that: “This is a lesson that we need to learn from. Those agencies that are in charge of ensuring the safety of tanker movement across the country must ensure compliance to ensure that the tanker drivers have gotten adequate licenses and vehicles have received their adequate certificates showing that they are in good condition to ply our roads.
Vladimir Putin has won a fourth term as president of Russia, giving them another six years in power. The political victory caps off a career spent accumulating power, evading consequences for legally questionable activities and changing Russia's image for the world and for itself.
After completing their law degree in 1975, Putin famously started their career at the KGB, the Soviet secret police force. They were posted to Dresden, East Germany, where they posed as a translator.
Read more: Opinion: Vladimir Putin's great deceit
Watch video 01:57 Share Election observers in Kazan troubled by Putin landslide Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uZ9j Election observers in Kazan troubled by Putin landslide
Although much has been made of their spy career, including sly allusions from Putin himself, their biographer Masha Gessen has written that their time in Germany was "reduced mainly to collecting press clippings, thus contributing to the mountains of useless information produced by the KGB."
After the fall of the Berlin Wall, Putin returned to their home of St. Petersburg. They would continue to rise through the ranks of Russia's political establishment non-stop from there.
In 1990, in their very first year working for St. Petersburg city hall, city councillors discovered that Putin had permitted the sale of highly undervalued steel in exchange for foreign food aid that never arrived. Despite an investigative committee recommending their ouster, Putin remained in their position until 1996, having already formed a close friendship with Mayor Anatoly Sobchak.
Read more:Vladimir Putin's landslide re-election: Leaders react and look forward
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power KGB cadet Born in St.Petersburg in 1952, Putin's signed up with the Soviet intelligence agency the KGB right out of law school in 1975. Their first assignment was to monitor foreign nationals and consulate employees in their home city, then called Leningrad. They were then assigned to Dresden, East Germany. They reportedly burned hundreds of KGB files after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Political mentor On the left, a young Putin can be seen standing next to then-St.Petersburg Mayor Anatoly Sobchak. Sobchak had been a professor of Putin's, who appointed them to be an advisor on international affairs. Despite a corruption scandal early in their tenure, Putin's friendship with Sobchak kept them from losing their job.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Meteoric rise Putin quickly leapt from St.Petersburg to Moscow. In 1997, President Boris Yeltsin gave Putin a mid-level position on their staff — a position Putin would use to cultivate important political friendships that would serve them in the decades to come.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Death of a friend Putin was deeply affected by Anatoly Sobchak's death in 2000. After the apprentice outstripped their teacher politically, Sobchak became a vocal early proponent of Putin's bid for the presidency. A year earlier, Putin used their political connections to have fraud allegations against Sobchak dropped, the beginning of a pattern for friends of the former spy.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Temporary president In June 2000, Boris Yeltsin stepped down, leaving their prime minister to become interim leader. As they were running for their sucessful presidential campaign, Putin's corruption allegations from their time on the city government in St.Petersburg resurfaced. Marina Salye, the lawmaker who brought up the claims, was silenced and forced to leave the city.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Tandemocracy When Putin was constitutionally barred from running for a third consecutive term in 2008, their Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev ran in their stead. When Medvedev was elected, theirs appointed Putin as premier. This led to criticism of a "tandemocracy," in Moscow, with many people believing that Medvedev was Putin's puppet.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Victory In March 2018, Vladimir Putin was elected to their fourth term as president. Because the presidential term has been extended, this means Putin will be in power for the next six years. However, the election was marred by a lack of opposition to the incumbent, as well as allegations of vote tampering and ballot-stuffing. Author: Elizabeth Schumacher
Friends in high places
Throughout the following years, Putin used their network of political friendships to make their way up the ladder. In 1997, then-President Boris Yeltsin named Putin their deputy chief of staff, and a year later they were made the chief of the FSB, the post-Soviet successor to the KGB.
Shortly thereafter, Yeltsin appointed Putin to be their prime minister. Putin managed to take this post despite both Yeltsin's rivals and loyalists trying to take them down, as they all jockeyed to put themselves in position to succeed the ailing president.
When Yeltsin unexpectedly resigned in 1999, Putin became acting president. One of their very first acts was to pardon Yeltsin of corruption, before setting their sights on being elected outright.
In March 2000, Putin steamrolled past the other two contenders to become president with 53 percent of the vote. One important factor in Putin's victory was image. Unlike many of Yeltsin's other would-be successors, Putin had taken an unrelenting position in support of the Second Chechen War. This made them appear like a strong law-and-order candidate — a welcome relief after years of chaos.
Consolidating power
Putin's success was not only because of their own image but because of how they changed Russia's image of itself. The fall of the Soviet Union and the administration of the often drunk, sickly Yeltsin were both deeply embarrassing. That Putin managed to bring their country out of the economic ashes into a period of boom time during their first administration also helped solidify their popularity.
Barred from running for a third consecutive term in 2008, Putin became prime minister to President Dmitry Medvedev. During that administration, the presidential term was extended from four years to six, to take effect at the next election. In 2012, Putin became president once again and named Medvedev their premier, prompting allegations of a tandemocracy.
Watch video 01:57 Share Putin is only option for many Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uXt6 For many Russian voters there's no alternative to Putin
'A mafia state'
According to Russian-American author Masha Gessen, Putin's ability to so easily wield power at home is derived not only from a carefully crafted image: The former spy has remained in the Kremlin despite a declining economy, diplomatic isolation and nearly continuous allegations of corruption and human rights abuses because of their ability to "have words mean nothing."
"He just keeps talking … It's meant to create the impression that they know what he's talking about. But it's also just meant to drown you in meaningless stuff."
Speaking with the Atlantic, Gessen added that Putin's desire to build a mafia-style government on the ruins of a totalitarian regime had left Russia "a mafia state and a totalitarian society."
Gessen also takes issue with the West's idea of Putin as a "Bond villain mastermind of global chaos," but does argue that this very perception has worked in the president's favor.
And the Putin political machine shows no signs of slowing down. Having set up a complex web of political and economic cronyism, the end of Putin would also spell the end of stability in Russia. But with their victory on Sunday, Vladimir Putin will remain in power until at least 2024.
An American wrestler using Donald Trump's schtick is body-slamming their way to fame in Mexican wrestling.
Sam Adonis - real name Sam Polinsky - has used the anti-Trump feeling in Mexico to their advantage.
And fans love to hate him.
“I hear it all, and the Mexican fans are screaming the worst expletives they can at me. They are throwing beers at me, they are throwing popcorn at me,” the wrestler told Reuters.
Adonis gives fans plenty of ammunition by wearing an American flag cape with Trump's mug emblazoned on it. Wayward beer bottles fired their way aren't unusual.
Like Nikolai Volkoff and the Iron Sheik before him, Adonis is a bad guy - or “rudo” in Mexican wrestling parlance. The good guys are known as “technicos”.
Adonis says the atmosphere is electric.
“Fans in Mexican lucha libre are some of the best on earth. Two thousand people in Mexico can make more noise than 20,000 people in the United States,” they said.
But despite the boos, young fans love him.
Second only to soccer in terms of popularity, lucha libre wrestling, Adonis shifted from pretty boy ladies man to the Trump act as the reality TV star was rising.
Does life imitate art?
“I can't say I support Trump but I definitely respect Trump,” they said. “He is just himself, and if you like it, you like it, and if you don't, you don't.”
Saturday Night Takeaway Is CANCELLED As Ant McPartlin Heads Back To Rehab!
Ant won't be appearing alongside Dec on Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend as fears for the presenter's health worsen.
Ant and Dec will not be hosting Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend in a last minute decision to pull the entertainment show off the air.
It's been announced that Ant McPartlin will be taking time off from the show to head back to rehab after they were arrested on suspicion of drink driving on Sunday afternoon.
A statement from Ant & Dec released earlier today (March 19) said that the presenter had "asked for time off for the foreseeable future".
The TV favourite had admitted themselves to rehab in Los Angeles last summer for addiction to alcohol and prescription drugs.
TV presenter Ant McPartlin "has decided to go back into treatment and step down from their current TV commitments" following their arrest for suspected drink driving, their publicist said. pic.twitter.com/lUnqKpmxsS — Global's Newsroom (@GlobalsNewsroom) March 19, 2018
The full statement read: "ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend.
"We will review options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31st and 7th April) which would not feature Ant, who is taking time off to seek treatment. We very much hope they get the help they need."
More news to follow...
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Lockheed Martin's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
WASHINGTON Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) is being awarded a $1.38 billion (1.07 billion pounds) defence contract for 130 F-35 Lightning II aircraft, the Pentagon said on Friday.
The advance acquisition contract covers long-lead time materials, parts, components and work for low-rate initial production of the fighter jets for the Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps, non-U.S. Department of Defence participants and foreign military sales customers, the Pentagon said in a statement.
(Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by David Alexander)
DUBAI, April 30 Shareholders of Saudi Arabia's Bodymasters are talking to banks and weighing a listing of the fitness chain on Saudi Arabia's new parallel market, Nomu, sources told Reuters.
The gym brand is currently owned through a 60/40 percent split by two funds run separately by Saudi-based private equity firms Amwal Al Khaleej and MEFIC Capital.
Shareholders have been speaking to investment banks for the past few weeks, according to two sources familiar with the transaction, who spoke on condition of anonymity as the matter is not public.
The process is in its early stages, the sources said, and shareholders have not decided on a specific action.
A process to invite banks to pitch for arranging the sale was launched at the end of last year, one of the sources said.
The sources gave no details of valuation or what percentage of shares could be floated.
The Nomu market requires companies to offer at least 20 percent to the public, according to rules on its website.
Amwal Al Khaleej declined to comment and MEFIC Capital was not immediately available for comment on Sunday.
Bodymasters has 35 gyms, mostly in Riyadh but also in Qassim, Dammam and Khamees Mushait, according to its website.
The shareholders were in informal talks with four potential buyers in January last year to sell the company in a private sale, but the sources did not comment on how the talks concluded. The transaction was said to be worth 500 million riyals ($133 million). (reut.rs/1RLWnZC) (Editing by Adrian Croft)
Sushant Singh Rajput has opted out of “Chanda Mama Door Ke” due to date conflicts but plans to develop their own space movie, according to a release.
The 32-year-old actor, who was recently in news for buying land on the Moon, plans to make what they claim would be India's first space film, to be developed via Innsaei Ventures Pvt Ltd, a company a co-founded by Rajput and entrepreneur Varun Mathur.
“Sushant's passion for the Moon and space is second to none in this sphere. They have unparalleled interest to learn more about the universe, and to delve into anything that might help them understand this phenomenon further. However, since there was a lot of up and down in this film, Sushant will not be able to give their dates to this project (Chanda Mama…) since they have their hands full with many projects.
“Having said that, it does not mean we won't be making a space film. Innsaei Ventures is quite keen on making a space film and Sushant will be working on this very soon. I extend my very best wishes to Mr Sanjay Puran Singh (the director of Chanda Mama…) and Mr Viki Rajani for this film. I hope it brings them great success,” Mathur said in a statement.
The actor is currently working on Abhishek Chaubey's dacoit drama “Son Chiriya”, “Kedarnath” and “Drive”.
CAUSE FOR PAWS: Elizabeth Ottoway and Hit N Run Barista owner Kyllie Neuey with special cafe guest Bowson the jack russell, who was a hurdle racing champion in their youth.
CAUSE FOR PAWS: Elizabeth Ottoway and Hit N Run Barista owner Kyllie Neuey with special cafe guest Bowson the jack russell, who was a hurdle racing champion in their youth. Crystal Jones
ELIZABETH Ottoway is a mum on a mission.
The Bundaberg woman and mother to two autistic children is fundraising to provide their youngest boy with an assistance pup.
The pups can help children with autism to feel calmer and help them in situations where they would normally be distressed.
"Every child is different,” Ms Ottoway said.
The idea to get an assistance dog for 14-year-old Mitchel came as they held a stall at the Bundaberg Wedding Spectacular last month.
"A young autistic boy was walking around with their mum and dad and smart pup and they came over to my stall which was quite loud which was really amazing,” Ms Ottoway said.
After doing some research, Ms Ottoway found out they could get the same help for their son, but it wouldn't come cheap.
Assistance dogs cost $30,000 to train.
Smart Pups fundraises to cover $10,000 of the bill, but families must raise the extra $20,000 to cover training and raising the pup.
With training starting when the pup is eight weeks old and lasting for months before the dog is transitioned into its new family with the help of a trainer, Ms Ottoway is eager to raise the funds as soon as possible.
Donations can be made at Ms Ottoway's Gofundme page at http://bit.ly/2DpGHrq or in donation tins at Hit N Run Barista or various locations around town.
All personal or business donations over $2 are tax deductible.
Locals can also help out by attending a fun day at Ymazing on March 25 for a gold coin donation.
April 5 Xinhu Zhongbao Co Ltd
* Says it plans to set up fund management firm in Ningbo city with partners
* Says it plans to invest 2.0 billion yuan ($290.41 million) to set up investment fund worth 34.3 billion yuan with partners
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nC9AsP
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8869 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
While on the hunt for an expert to get my skin in shape for my wedding this July I came across Neelu White. Neelu, who is based on Henry Street, has been in the beauty business for 33 years and their customer base is loyal.  They are one of those special people who immediately makes you feel at home. “This is only what I would tell my daughter,” they say, as they scold me for using too many harsh chemicals on my skin. Neelu uses only natural, paraben-free products and after assessing my skin (dry, dehydrated and peeling – just the way I like it) they recommend I cut back on the retinol and have a Collagen Wave facial.
Radio frequency
The facial uses radio frequency energy to tighten, brighten and smooth the skin. Neelu spends about 15 minutes rolling a warm wand firmly across my face, using very specific movements along my jaw line and up to my cheek bone. They tell me they are “basically massaging everything upwards”. Radio frequency has the ability to heat up deep layers of the skin and underlying tissue, causing deep collagen structures in the skin to immediately tighten, and continue to do so for a few days.
When the first side is done, they hand me a mirror. I pause and then notice that the right-hand side of my face is ever so slightly higher than the left. And the little lines on my forehead are definitely diminished, and is that a defined jawline?
It doesn't stop there, over the next few days I get compliments, one including the ultimate “Have you been away?” Now for the bad news, at €275 the Collagen Wave is undeniably expensive, but as a natural alternative to the needle or the knife, it's a price I would pay for a special occasion. I know lots of brides go down the Botox route, and more power to them, but if I can avoid the needle, and still get the results, then I'll take that option.
neelus-salon.com
A three-day pilgrimage led by two Armagh archbishops of different faiths to some World War One's most poignant locations began today.
Archbishop Richard Clarke of the Church of Ireland and their counterpart in the Catholic Church, Archbishop Eamon Martin, are leading at delegation of 36 people to sites including the Island of Ireland Peace Park at Messines and the Menin Gate in Ypres.
Archbishop Richard Clarke and Archbishop Eamon Martin with the delegation in Kortrijk at the start of their pilgrimage
In 2016 the two archbishops had taken a cross-community group of young people from across Ireland to the battle sites of the Somme.
Building on the previous pilgrimage and marking the upcoming centenary of the end of the First World War, the archbishops along with a group of 16 young adults from NI of varying ages and backgrounds, and representing the Protestant and Catholic traditions, made their first stop in Kortrijk in Belgium, a city that was heavily bombed in 1917.
Archbishop Clarke said: “We've called it a pilgrimage of hope. Many people look back at the First World War and see it as a time of hopelessness and wrecklessness, but amid all the awfulness people found hope and strength in each other.”
They added: “We will have much to learn from this joint trip, and from each other in the group. It is our vision that the pilgrimage will be a witness to hope and that the visits to these important and symbolic sites in the centenary year of the end of the First World War will enable us to forge even greater friendships and work yet harder for peace together in the future.”
Archbishop Martin said they hoped the group of young people will be able to “forge friendships and share their thoughts and hopes for the future while exploring their cultural identities”.
The sites on the pilgrimage will focus on the Battle of Messines and the places where soldiers from the 16th (Irish), 10th (Irish) and 36th (Ulster) Divisions fought and died in Belgium and France. The delegation will also take part in the laying of a peace wreath at the Menin Gate at Ypres.
The group will visit cemeteries and memorials including Thiepval Wood and the Ulster Tower, the Memorial Museum at Passchendaele and Tyne Cot Cemetery.
They will spend part of their time at the Island of Ireland Peace Park and its surrounding park in Messines – a war memorial to the huge number of soldiers of the island of Ireland who died, were wounded or are missing from World War One.
The tower memorial is close to the site of the June 1917 battle for the Messines Ridge.
Treu Group Real Estate's latest podcast features Chris Pan, founder of MyIntent.org. On this episode, Chris shares their success story and the meaning behind their brand. Chris also shares an exclusive 20% discount on all My Intent products!
Lisa Treu's words are "Passion," and "Committed." What's your word?
Contact
Treu Group Real Estate
561-270-2765
***@treugroup.com Treu Group Real Estate561-270-2765
End
-- On Treu Group Real Estate's latest podcast, Chris Pan, the founder of MyIntent.org, joins Lisa Treu and Brian Mudd to talk about their great collection of "What's Your Word" jewelry. These are custom bracelets where you can choose any word to wear as a constant reminder to achieve any particular goal. You can choose any word to be printed on your bracelet or necklace. The entire Treu Group team wears the "What's Your Word" bracelets. These bracelets have really helped the team stay focused on our company word, "Committed."To our team, the word, "Committed,"means to be willing to do anything, say anything, and go anywhere for our clients. As long as it's legal or moral, of course!What we really love about Chris' products is the positivity they bring. What a great way to stay mindful of your goals! The other great thing about the MyIntent.org products is that they will not break the bank. These are a really affordable fashion statement with a great meaning and message. In Chris Pan's words, "The same way we wear a watch to tell the time, [these bracelets] are a notification on the other hand of what's most important to you."By listening to the show, you can get a 20% discount on any of the "What's Your Word" bracelets or necklaces. Chris Pan has generously shared this discount exclusively with Treu Group Real Estate, and we want to share with you! So, what's your word?Listen to our latest podcast on Youtube: https://youtu.be/ Q3uq3O4tGbc Or, listen on iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/ us/podcast/treu- group-real-estat... See the "What's Your Word" collection: www.myintent.org
SRIHARIKOTA, India: India successfully put a record 104 satellites from a single rocket into orbit on Wednesday in the latest triumph for its famously frugal space agency.
Scientists who were at the launch in the southern spaceport of Sriharikota burst into applause as the head of India's Space Research Organization (ISRO) announced all the satellites had been ejected.
“My hearty congratulations to the ISRO team for this success,” the agency's director Kiran Kumar told those gathered in an observatory to track the progress of the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV).
Prime Minister Narendra Modi immediately congratulated the scientists for the successful launch which smashes a record previously held by Russia.
“This remarkable feat … is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation. India salutes our scientists,” Modi wrote on Twitter.
The rocket took off at 9:28am (0358 GMT) and cruised at a speed of 27,000 kilometers (16,777) per hour, ejecting all the 104 satellites into orbit in around 30 minutes, according to ISRO.
The rocket's main cargo was a 714 kilogram satellite for Earth observation but it was also loaded with 103 smaller “nano satellites”, weighing a combined 664 kilograms. The smallest weighed only 1.1 kilogram.
Nearly all of the nano satellites are from other countries, including Israel, Kazakhstan, The Netherlands, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates and 96 from the United States.
Around 90 of the satellites are from a San Francisco-based company, Planet Inc. each weighing around 4.5 kilograms (10 pounds) that will send Earth images from space.
Only three satellites belonged to India.
World record
Scientists sat transfixed as they watched the progress of the rocket on monitors at Sriharikota until the last payload was ejected, and then began punching the air in triumph and hugging each other.
This was PSLV's 39th successful mission, known as India's space workhorse. In 2015, it carried 23 satellites to the space.
The launch means India now holds the record for launching the most satellites in one go, surpassing Russia which launched 39 satellites in a single mission in June 2014.
And it is another feather in the cap for ISRO which sent an unmanned rocket to orbit Mars in 2013 at a cost of just $73 million, compared with NASA's Maven Mars mission which had a $671 million price tag.
ISRO is also mulling the idea of missions to Jupiter and Venus.
The business of putting commercial satellites into space for a fee is growing as phone, Internet and other companies, as well as countries, seek greater and more high-tech communications.
India is competing with other international players for a greater share of that launch market, and is known for its low-cost space program.
Experts say much of the credit for India's burgeoning reputation rests with its successful launch of the Mars orbiter, which gave it an edge over its rivals in the space race.
“India is proving to be a very viable option because of the cost and the reliability factor,” said Ajay Lele, a senior fellow at the New Delhi-based Institute for Defense Studies and Analyses.
“India has been doing these launches successfully and has established itself as a very reliable player.”
Last June, India set a national record after it successfully launched a rocket carrying 20 satellites, including 13 from the US.
Modi has often hailed India's budget space technology, quipping in 2014 that a rocket that launched four foreign satellites into orbit had cost less to make than Hollywood film “Gravity.” AFP
AFP/CC
President Donald Trump's administration on Friday undermined requirements under the Obamacare law that employers provide insurance to cover women's birth control, keeping a campaign pledge that pleased their conservative Christian supporters.
New rules from the Department of Health and Human Services will let businesses or non-profit organizations lodge religious or moral objections to obtain an exemption from the law's mandate that employers provide contraceptives coverage in health insurance with no co-payment.
Conservative Christian activists and congressional Republicans praised the move, while reproductive rights advocates and Democrats criticized it. It was unclear how many employers would actually drop birth control coverage on religious grounds, and there were significant doubts that many big ones would.
Within hours, the American Civil Liberties Union sued the administration in federal court in San Francisco to try to halt the rule, claiming among other things that it violated the U.S. Constitution's requirement for separation of church and state.
The states of Massachusetts and California also sued, and Democratic state attorneys general in another 16 states threatened legal action.
“This is a landmark day for religious liberty. Under the Obama administration, this constitutional right was seriously eroded,” Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said.
“The Trump administration just took direct aim at birth control coverage for 62 million women,” Planned Parenthood Federation of America President Cecile Richards said.
“With this rule in place, any employer could decide that their employees no longer have health insurance coverage for birth control,” Richards added.
Trump, who criticized the birth control mandate in last year's election campaign, won strong support from conservative Christian voters. The Republican president signed an executive order in May asking for rules that would allow faith-based groups to deny insurance coverage for services they oppose on religious grounds.
The contraception mandate was implemented as part of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama's signature legislative achievement. Trump and Republicans in Congress campaigned against Obamacare, as the law is known, but could not get enough votes to repeal it as they had promised.
In its reasoning for the move, the administration said among other things that mandating birth control coverage could foster “risky sexual behavior” among teens and young adults. It overturned the Obama administration's view that the birth control requirement was necessary to meet the government's “compelling interest” to protect women's health.
“This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision,” top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi said.
The administration broadened narrow existing religious exemptions to include an exception “on the basis of moral conviction” for non-profit and for-profit companies.
Federal rules implemented under Obamacare required employers to provide health insurance that covers birth control, but religious houses of worship were exempted. Some private businesses sued regarding their rights to circumvent such coverage, and the Supreme Court ruled in 2014 that they could object on religious grounds.
‘ALIENATING POTENTIAL SHAREHOLDERS'
Case Western Reserve University School of Law professor Jonathan Adler said it was unlikely publicly traded companies would seek exemptions. “Why would a publicly traded company risk alienating potential shareholders by taking such a step?” Adler said.
Ellen Kelsay, chief strategy officer at the National Business Group on Health, a lobbying group for large companies, said, “Most large employers have provided coverage for birth control prior to any mandates and we expect most will continue to do so irrespective of any exemptions that may become available.”
According to one estimate, only 3 percent of nonprofit groups offering health benefits have objected to contraceptives coverage.
“HHS has issued a balanced rule that respects all sides - it keeps the contraceptive mandate in place for most employers and now provides a religious exemption,” said Mark Rienzi, one of the lawyers for the Little Sisters of the Poor. The order of Roman Catholic nuns, which runs care homes for the elderly, had challenged the mandate in court.
The Little Sisters and other Christian nonprofit employers objected to a 2013 compromise offered by the Obama administration that allowed entities opposed to provide contraception insurance coverage to comply with the law without actually paying for the required coverage.
The Justice Department released two memos that will serve as the government's legal basis for justifying the rule and laying out a framework for how apply religious liberty issues in legal opinions, federal rules and grant making.
In another decision popular with Trump's evangelical supporters, the Justice Department on Wednesday reversed federal policy and declared that federal law banning sex discrimination in the workplace does not protect transgender employees. Trump also has removed protections for transgender students and moved to ban transgender people from the military.
Trump's support among evangelical voters, a major force in their 2016 election victory, remains strong, but has been slipping in line with their overall approval ratings, according to recent Reuters/Ipsos poll results.
Banner / Thumbnail : Reuters, Kevin Lamarque
Police have called for a review of the premises licence at a Kettering bar after a series of incidents at a youth event.
On March 31 this year, Bar Seven in Carrington Street held an event for under-18s.
The event was due to run until 11pm but by 9pm police had received reports of underage drinkers in the street, with one 16-year-old's parents contacted after they vomited.
Officers who attended the event say 250 youngsters were inside and many more were waiting to get in.
They say that the venue had ‘lost control' over the queue with no system, no searching for alcohol, people blocking the road and many screaming and shouting.
Those inside were free to go out and come back in without being searched again.
The event was then shut down after capacity was reached and more youngsters had breached a gate in the back garden.
Police argue that once shut down the venue closed its door and ‘washed their hands' of the incident, leaving more than 200 youths in the street.
Disturbances continued with bottles being thrown and some youths trying to climb over a police riot van.
The sheer number of children involved meant police officers, supervisors and inspectors from Kettering, Corby and Wellingborough had to attend.
One male was arrested for being drunk and disorderly and police said more could have been but the scale made it impractical.
In the licensing review application for The Angel - the licence for which Bar Seven operates under - PS Martin O'Connell says: “It is the view of Northamptonshire Police that a failure in event planning, in having adequate staffing and of complacency by the management to these high-risk events has led to significant crime and disorder in Kettering town centre and seriously undermined the protection of children from harm.
“Managing young persons in what is essentially a night-time economy situation brings extra risk due to vulnerability and the potential for high spirited and misguided adventure from this age group.
“They will try to sneak alcohol into these events or have planted it somewhere nearby, they will potentially pre-load on alcohol and existing peer rivalries and tensions can easily be aggravated in these situations when youths from all over a wide area come together in unsupervised surroundings.
“Fortunately we have no reports of serious injury and no serious crime has been committed but to any bystander this situation would have caused harrassment, alarm and distress and cause a significant amount of stress and disruption to the policing of Kettering and the surrounding areas that night.”
Police have recommended that no under 18 events should be held at the venue with a further licence condition that under 18s cannot enter the venue unless for a private function, where they are supervised by someone older than 21.
Representations can be made on the application until May 4.
They should be made in writing to Kettering Council's licensing department, by email or by calling 01536 534291.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dallas Mavericks head coach Rick Carlisle gestures in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets, Sunday, March 19, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens)
Mavericks head coach Rick Carlisle recently went on 103.3-FM ESPN Dallas' Dennis and Cowlishaw Show. Here are some highlights:
Question: Nerlens Noel made an impact for you this season. Is it what you were expecting? And do you think their impact will grow considerably going forward?
Rick Carlisle: I do think it will grow. They have amazing quickness and length and defensive ability. They led the league in deflections this year as a guy that wasn't playing that many minutes, which is an amazing stat. They just turned 23. I remember because Yogi [Ferrell], [A.J.] Hammons ... and [Nicolas] Brussino sang happy birthday to them about 10 days ago.
Question: When you have a season like this and it's the second time in 17 years the Mavs have not made the playoffs. Everybody's aware of that. When you have a season like that from a coach's point of view and judging by the six young guys that are now an important part of the future, are you thinking about this offseason thinking, 'We gotta get back in the playoffs,' or are you able to think bigger? Are you thinking, 'We need to have an offseason that makes us a contender?'
Rick Carlisle: As I look at a franchise like ours that's rebuilding a championship team, if you're really in that mode and that is your mission the question you gotta ask is, 'Is Player A a rotation player on a championship team? Are they one of nine on a championship team?
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Olympic athletes compete under the motto “Faster, Higher, Stronger,” but a new study examining athletic performance, height and life expectancy over the past 120 years concludes the motto has become a pipe dream.
The human race has peaked, and the days of regularly smashed world records have ended, the researchers say; a more reasonable, if less inspiring, goal for 21st century athletes would be “No Slower, No Lower, No Weaker.”
The research team from France used historical records to conclude that humans appear to have reached maximum biological limits for height, age and physical ability.
“These traits no longer increase, despite further continuous nutritional, medical, and scientific progress,” co-author Jean-François Toussaint of Paris Descartes University said in a news release. “This suggests that modern societies have allowed our species to reach its limits. We are the first generation to become aware of this.”
The study, published this week in the journal Frontiers in Physiology, documents the remarkable advances made by Olympic athletes in a variety of sports. In running, swimming, jumping, cycling, weightlifting, skiing and skating, top performances “considerably progressed, until the end of the 20th century,” the authors write.
But more recent data suggest “a trend toward a plateau during the last three decades for both sexes,” they say. They predict that increasingly fewer world records will be broken in the coming years. In order to create the impression of progress craved by humans, they say, event organizers may need to create new categories of records or change event rules, as was done in Italy last May in an unsuccessful attempt to break the two-hour marathon barrier.
The paper suggests the plateau may have been reached earlier than thought, but doping and technological improvements allowed artificial improvement.
Over the course of the 20th century, life expectancy at birth increased by roughly 30 years in the majority of high-income countries, mostly because of reduced child mortality through nutrition, hygiene, vaccination, and other medical improvements.
The authors suggest that the main medical improvements capable of extending life expectancy have been achieved, and predictions of some scientists that it will continue to increase are unfounded. They note that the oldest human ever recorded was Jeanne Calment of France, who died at 122 in 1997. Since then, nobody has lived beyond 120 years.
“Raising false hopes without taking into account that human beings are already extremely ‘optimized' for lifespan seems inappropriate,” the authors write.
Rather than striving to live longer and run faster, the human race may have to shift efforts to maintaining current levels – treading water rather than breaking a new freestyle record.
“The utmost challenge is now to maintain theses indices at high levels,” the authors write.
They say climate change could be a factor in limiting both athletic performances and human health. Already, some African countries have seen average height decline over the last decade, suggesting they are unable to sufficiently nourish their children.
“The current declines in human capacities we can see today are a sign that environmental changes, including climate, are already contributing to the increasing constraints we now have to consider,” Toussaint said.
• Email: ghamilton@nationalpost.com | Twitter: grayhamilton
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Furious residents blockaded a Birmingham road in protest against parents parking badly during the school run.
Locals living on Ashville Avenue in Hodge Hill said their lives have been made a misery by mums and dads parking inconsiderately when they come to pick their children up from the back gates of Heathlands Academy.
Parents have been accused of parking across driveways and on grass verges - while some locals claimed they had been subjected to physical and verbal threats.
Residents, including elderly people and the disabled, blocked one end of Ashville Avenue at the junction of Heathland Avenue at 3.45pm for five minutes, under the watchful eye of police before moving their protest to the gates - which remained shut today.
Organiser Steven Brennan said: “We can't take much more of the way the parents are using this road as a parking site.
“This is a side entrance, not the main entrance, and this road is not built to take the amount of traffic. Residents have had verbal and physical threats.”
Factory worker Iftihkar Hussain, 51, said: “It's terrible. They park everywhere. They block the driveway and I'm late for work. It's all the time. I told them not to but they say ‘it's only five minutes'.
“Enough - we can't take it anymore.”
Sandra James, 64, said: “They park wherever they want to. They park on the pavements, grass verges, on your drive, on corners, they double-park. We have had enough.”
Headteacher Peter Higgins said they sympathised with the residents. They said: “As an academy we have gone to great lengths to discourage inconsiderate parking in the road through regular letters home and communication with parents.
“We have an agreement with some of the local pubs that parents can use their car parks to park in and where possible we encourage parents to walk to school with their children.
“We also support our local police and the council on enforcement matters and I regularly station myself outside of school at key times to help discourage parents from parking there.”
Documentary examines struggle of Holocaust survivors to move on
LONDON, June 14 A documentary opening in British cinemas this week examines the challenges faced by Holocaust survivors in rebuilding their lives after enduring the horrors of World War Two and the Nazi concentration camps.
GREEN RIVER — The winners of the recent Green River Eagles Picnic Horseshoe Tournament include:
From left to right:
Lisa Nussbaum & Matt Vigil 2nd place; Shantz Vigil & Bud Maynard not pictured 3rd place; and Mark Lundgren & Bino Maestas 1st place.
STOCK brokerage COL Financial Group, Inc. said on Monday net income for the first half increased 17.1 percent from a year ago to P214.6 million on robust growth in revenue and commissions. Revenues increased 14.8 percent to P460.2 million as commissions grew 10 percent to P322.5 million, it told the stock exchange.
Commissions increased as COL's average daily value turnover in the first half jumped by 18.1 percent to a new record of P1 billion. This growth was also faster than the 11.2 percent increase on the Philippine Stock Exchange's average daily value turnover.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new way of raising funds to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping in Birmingham has been launched.
The Change Into Action campaign will allow generous Brummies and visitors to the city give to a single fund which will then be directed to those teams working on the city centre's streets.
It is a collaboration between the West Midlands Mayor, Birmingham City Council, social landlords like Midland Heart and charities like St Basils' and Sifa Fireside.
The aim is to shift support so it is directed into specialist charities and street teams already working to change the circumstances of rough sleepers.
It has been created as a result of the Homelessness Task Force set up by Mayor Andy Street and could be rolled out to other parts of the West Midlands in the New Year.
Chief executive Jean Templeton St Basils' charity for homeless young people and chair of the Mayor's Homelessness Task Force, said: “By working together across the region, across sectors and disciplines, we have the opportunity to tackle the systemic issues which contribute to homelessness and introduce ideas to prevent and design out homelessness.
“Change into Action provides the assurance that your donation will be targeted directly in a positive way to those who need it most.
“No one should feel that the streets are their best option.”
The new campaign will be promoted around the city and via social media.
Council ambassador for homelessness and tackling rough sleeping Sharon Thompson said: “Birmingham is an advocate of the multi-agency approach and has a strong history of working in partnership with charities and organisations to tackle homelessness.
“We welcome the collaborative approach between Birmingham City Council and the Combined Authority in developing and launching Change Into Action, which will direct the public's support through to our expert teams and target help for maximum impact.”
Mayor Andy Street, who leads the West Midlands Combined Authority, said: “Rough sleeping on our streets in Birmingham is completely unacceptable and shames us as a city.
“I have been committed to tackling this issue and the West Midlands Homelessness Task Force has brought together organisations from the public sector, the voluntary sector and businesses to ‘design out' homelessness in the region.
“Working together with Birmingham City Council, we have developed Change Into Action, a new way for people to give, and know that their donation will really make a difference to rough sleepers' lives.”
To find out more visit the Change into Action website .
Homelessness has doubled says charity
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A BIRMINGHAM day centre for the homeless has seen its workload doubled in the last five years as more an more vulnerable people arrive looking for help.
The SIFA Fireside charity in Digbeth deals with about 150 people a day helping them with a warm meal, showers, clothing and health services as well as help to find employment, training and housing.
It is celebrating its 10th anniversary at a time when its services are more in demand than ever.
Staff, volunteers and sponsors gathered to mark the anniversary with performances and stories from some of those helped by the charity over its ten years.
Chief executive Carly Jones said: “This is a hugely important erecognise the amazing contribution made by staff, volunteers and supporters who've helped transform the lives of people who are homeless and vulnerably housed in Birmingham.
“It's also an opportunity to keep the spotlight on the issue of homelessness, why it continues to affect so many particularly in Birmingham and the growing need for our service; how can we work together more effectively to resolve the issue? Five years ago we would see around 70-90 people daily, now we are seeing 140-160 people every day.”
The charity was formed in 2007 through a merger between the SIFA (Supporting Independence from Alcohol) and Fireside charities. Both charities had been running since 1980 before joining forces.
In Birmingham, homelessness rates are four times the national average. 55 rough sleepers were identified on a single night in November 2016 during the official count on the city's streets - it was a rise of 53 per cent on the previous year. Figures for the 2017 count are set to be revealed in January.
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
As far as films go, 2017 has been a landmark in cinematic history. It achieved the title of highest grossing horror film in history, knocking The Exorcist off of an almost 50-year throne, in less than a month of its release. Beauty and The Beast is the highest grossing film of the year so far, pulling in an astounding $1,262,937,952 worldwide and breaking into the top ten highest grossing films of all time. Also among that top ten are seven other films that have been released since 2010. We'll be looking at a different type of top ten though, in the list below are the biggest box offices losses since 2010. Not only did these movies not make any money, but they all also lost a considerable amount. (May contain spoilers.)
Conan the Barbarian
Conan The Barbarian was released in 2011. It is not meant to be a remake of the Arnold Schwarzenegger classic that came out in 1982, but a ‘new' interpretation of the mythology. It is a fantasy adventure movie that follows Conan, a barbarian (unsurprisingly) as they seek revenge on a warlord that slaughtered their entire village when they were young. Instead, they end up fighting to save the nations of Hyboria from impending seizure by a supernaturally evil force.
The film has mixed reviews, but the trustworthy source Rotten Tomatoes scores it dismally with 24%. Reviews blame “shoddy acting,” “silly dialogue,” “nonsensical plot,” and more for the overall dislike of the film. It was produced with a budget of $90,000,000 and only grossed $48,800,000. Total loss: $41,200,000
Live by Night
Live By Night is a 2016 crime drama that was written, directed, co-produced, and starred in by Ben Affleck. It is based on a novel by the same name that was written by Dennis Lehane. It is about the son of a police captain that falls in love and gets sucked into the underworld of crime. They become a bootlegger at the height of prohibition, and eventually, a very notorious gangster.
Any one person trying to wear that many hats in the production of a film is undoubtedly overextended. That could have contributed to the failure of this movie. Reviews say that the film lacks soul and intimacy, it's predictable, and it lacks momentum. The score on Rotten Tomatoes is 35%. Some sources say this movie last as much as $75 million; however, the budget was $65,000,000 and it grossed $22,300,000. That makes for a total loss of $42,700,000.
Blackhat
The biggest surprise about this action thriller being an utter failure is that it stars one of Hollywood's most desirable: Chris Hemsworth. The film attempts to capitalize on the widespread fascination with cybercrime; in it, a group of hackers is committing large-scale crimes using Remote Access Tools. Other criminal hackers are brought in to try and bring them down, and it turns into a worldwide hunt for a network of cybercriminals.
It's 34% rotten according to Rotten Tomatoes. Reviews complain about poor casting, slow pacing, pandering to an overseas box office, and the lack of realism in the way the hacking is executed. Despite the dismal performance and reflective feedback, it did end up in the top ten of 8 year-end lists and was considered to be one of the year's top five films by six critics. The budget was $70,000,000 and it pulled in $19,700,000. That's a total loss of $50,300,000.
Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return
This 2014 American-Indian animated film was based on the adventure books by Roger Stanton Baum, the great-grandson of L. Frank Baum. It is a musical and had a great cast including Lea Michele, Dan Aykroyd, Jim Belushi, Kelsey Grammer, Hugh Dancy, and Patrick Stewart, among others. Dorothy is tasked with saving all their familiar friends from a new villain and restoring happiness and harmony to the beloved Emerald City.
It has an Audience Score of 68%, but it's still 16% rotten. Top critics say it felt rushed, was more like a cash grab than a revisit to the fantastic world of Oz, it's short on jokes, and the musical numbers left a lot to be desired. The production budget was $70,000,000, and it was only able to scrape in $18,700,000. A devastating loss to the tune of $51,300,000 has us thinking that between sitting out and heading to the cinema, there's no place like home.
How Do You Know
How Do You Know is a 2010 RomCom full of familiar faces, like Reese Witherspoon, Jack Nicholson, Paul Rudd, and Owen Wilson. Sadly, it didn't have anyone saying wow. A dedicated athlete is at the tip of a love triangle, with a rude baseball player at the end of one leg, and a business person at the end of the other. The business person gets wrongly accused of a crime, and the female protagonist gets cut from their team. They're both struggling in the areas of their careers and relationships, and they find one another.
This sounds like a fairly run of the mill romantic comedy. Strong cast, cliche-ridden plot. Critics say that it doesn't tell much of a story, it's not particularly romantic or funny, and an especially scathing comment says that it “feels like it was made by people who haven't had any meaningful human contact for years.” It is 32% rotten, and only a quarter of the audience ratings are positive (out of 40,000). It made $48,700,000, but it cost $100,000,000. Total loss: $51,300,000.
Monster Trucks
This is a children's comedy that was released in 2017. It follows Tripp (just your average North Dakotan that gets a job at the junkyard because mom's boyfriend, the sheriff, doesn't think he's responsible) as they work on building a pickup to escape the small town they feel trapped in. The only problem is, you guessed it, a monster lives in the truck. The monster (Tripp named them Creech), escaped during a fracking operation. They like to eat oil, and hang out under the hood of Tripp's truck. They get into all kinds of shenanigans, where Tripp helps Creech find their parents, and in true 90's fashion they get the girl in the end (and doesn't appear to wash theirs hair).
Danny Glover and Rob Lowe both play in this movie, but the rest of the names are probably ones you haven't heard before. The Audience Score for this one is 52%, but overall the film carries a rating of 31% rotten. Critics call it affectionately goofy, but overall unmemorable. There are also complaints of flat characters, poor directing, and that the story leaves a lot to be desired. The production cost was $125,000,000, but it ended up losing $60,500,000 because it only made $64,500,000 in total.
47 Ronin
The forty-seven r?nin were a group of samurais in 18th century Japan who had no master and sought to avenge the death of their lord. This film is a fictional account of that tale, starring Keanu Reeves for some reason. It premiered in 3D on Christmas of 2013. It is mostly an action film, with some elements of drama and fantasy as well. It was the feature-length debut for the award-winning director Carl Rinsch, who previously directed a Sci-fi short called The Gift and a commercial for Shell.
It has a 14% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The ‘Critics Consensus' sums up the disdain like this, “47 Ronin is a surprisingly dull fantasy adventure, one that leaves its talented international cast stranded within one-dimensional roles.” Other comments include that the pacing leaves a lot to be desired and that it just lacked excitement for an action film. It failed to recoup its production budget of $225,000,000 by a longshot. It only earned $151,800,000 making for a loss of $73,200,000.
The Nutcracker in 3D
The Nutcracker in 3D is a 2010 musical fantasy adaptation of the well-loved ballet with the same name. This iteration was directed by Andrei Konchalovsky and was a limited release film. Canada saw it first in late 2010, Hungary over a year later in late 2011, and the UK even later, in the last few days of 2012. It is unclear when it hit America. It gave no credit to the original story or author and was met with absolute vitriol from critics.
It has a record low of 0% on Rotten Tomatoes, was granted the title of Worst Limited Release Film of 2010 by Metacritic. It was only nominated for one positive award, Best Young Actress at the Young Artist Awards for Elle Fanning's leading role. It didn't win. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun asked: “From what dark night of the soul emerged the wretched idea for The Nutcracker in 3D?” It lost $73,800,000 after earning only $16,200,000 back out of $90,000,000 spent in production.
R.I.P.D.
R.I.P.D. seemed to have had everything going for it when it was originally teased in 2012. It's an action comedy with supernatural flair, and an incredible cast including Ryan Reynolds, Kevin Bacon, Jeff Bridges, and more. The Rest In Peace Department is a bunch of ghost police set forth to protect the living from the dead who don't want to progress to the other side. It's a fresh take on a buddy cop film that manages to revisit cliches such as ‘experience detective gets stuck with the rookie,' and of course, they discover a massive plot to take over the world.
3D movies never seem to perform well. Because of the difference in ticket prices, most people opt to ‘see it at home' and then forget about it. Even though that is often the case, 82,119 user reviews and 94 critic reviews landed this film with a 37% audience approval (average 3.5 stars), and it has a score of only 13% on Rotten Tomatoes. What else is rotten is that the film lost $75,700,000! $154,000,000 was spent on production and it only earned $78,300,000.
Mars Needs Moms
Mars Needs Moms is a sci-fi action children's movie that focuses on Milo (voiced by Seth Green). Milo's mom (voiced by Joan Cusack) gets abducted by Martians because the Martians need someone to raise their young. Milo goes on a 3D (surprise!) journey to rescue their mom. This movie seems like it would be a great message for all those kids who can't stand the way their mom is always harping on them. We'll give it that.
Its horrid box office failure (a loss of $111,000,000) could be attributed to its unfortunately timed release. It came out just one week after Rango which was so well-loved that it earned $245.7 million on a $135 million budget; and one month after Open Season 3 and Gnomeo & Juliet which were also popular. It was also very close to the extremely hyped up Rio, set to be released the following month. Between the success of the previous movies, and the amount of kids who were likely bouncing out of their high chairs to see Rio, maybe parents just didn't feel like forking over the money for yet another 3D flick for the kids.
It is scored as 37% on Rotten Tomatoes and has an audience score of 40%, but critics say that it just lacked imagination, lacked heart, was boring, and didn't convey that great of a message after all because of apparent sexism and too many logical shortcuts. Disney forked out $150,000,000 for production and scraped in a measly $39,000,000 at the box office. Ouch!
FRANKFURT Is MAIN: Confronted by threats to economic growth and still-sluggish inflation the European Central Bank will likely temper expectations Thursday for a quick exit from its massive stimulus program for the eurozone, analysts expect.
Governors are expected to keep interest rates at their historic lows and hew to a September expiry date for their 30-billion-euro ($37 billion) per month “quantitative easing” (QE) bond-buying scheme.
Caution from Frankfurt is even more likely as policymakers dropped a promise that they could increase QE if the economy weakened again at their last meeting in early March, saying they had been encouraged by positive data.
“Downside risks have re-emerged over the past couple of months,” analyst Frederik Ducrozet of Pictet bank noted, although “the ECB is unlikely to respond (with policy changes) unless those risks materialise”, preferring to inch along its gradualist exit course.
Since late last year, the euro has strengthened against the dollar as the economy gathers pace and financial markets anticipate future interest rate rises, potentially slowing growth and inflation in the eurozone.
The ECB's central price stability objective is inflation of just below 2.0 percent.
But price growth stood at 1.3 percent in March, and central bank forecasts call for it to reach just 1.7 percent by 2020.
Meanwhile, President Donald Trump's strident “America First” policy has shaken companies and markets worldwide in recent weeks, as they vowed to slap tariffs on metals imports.
Before eurozone representatives secured a temporary reprieve, the threats raised the spectre of a tit-for-tat escalation that could yet undermine global trade.
French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel hope to fend off the danger with successive White House visits this week.
And there are signs a hoped-for grand bargain between Paris and Berlin on eurozone reform, which observers hoped would buttress the currency area after years of crisis, may not be reached quickly.
Given the hints of gloom, ECB President Mario Draghi “could still put more emphasis on the downside risks to growth” at their Thursday press conference, pushing back financial markets' expectations of an interest rate rise, Ducrozet said.
Hints of slowdown
Lower interest rates and QE are designed to pump cash through the financial system and into lending to firms and households —powering economic growth and inflation.
But after a near-euphoric second half of 2017 lifted annual growth to its highest level since 2007—an expansion of 2.3 percent across the eurozone's 19 nations—there are hints fewer positive surprises may be in store this year.
A key survey of eurozone business activity, the purchasing managers' index, was unchanged in April at 55.2, data company IHS Markit said Monday.
The index has joined other indicators in losing some of the exuberance seen around the turn of the year, although the reading was above the 50-point mark that suggests economic expansion.
“The economy has shifted down a gear at the start of this year,” Commerzbank analyst Christoph Weil commented, but “there is no need to fear a massive plunge in economic growth”.
Both the ECB and the Washington-based International Monetary Fund have lifted their growth predictions for the eurozone to 2.4 percent in 2018.
That means short of an economic disaster, “policy normalisation (away from QE and low rates) will be prudent, persistent, patient, gradual,” Ducrozet said, echoing some of Draghi's favourite adjectives.
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
A former Lompoc youth soccer coach has pleaded guilty to four counts of child molestation, and will serve 30 years in prison as a result.
Terence Paul Stevens entered the guilty pleas to charges involving three separate victims for offenses that occurred between 1988 and 2008, according to a statement issued Wednesday by the Santa Barbara County District Attorney's Office.
Stevens, 52, was a soccer coach in the Lompoc area in the mid- to late 1980s, and the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department said in 2012 that several victims had recently come forward, and had been young players befriended by Steven and then molested by him.
Investigators said that Stevens moved to the San Diego area in the mid-1990s, where they continued coaching youth soccer, and was arrested in 2008 on charges of sexual conduct with a minor while visiting Yuma, Ariz.
They have since been convicted for that crime and is serving a prison sentence in Arizona.
Once they complete their sentence there, they will begin serving their 30-year sentence, and will be approximately 82 years old before they are eligible for parole, officials said.
In Wednesday's statement, District Attorney Joyce Dudley commended the investigation of sheriff's Det. Scott Pierce, as well as the work of Senior Deputy District Attorney Ann Bramsen.
Dudley also said they hope Stevens' guilty plea “provides some sense of closure to the victims in this heart-wrenching case.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
NEW YORK (AP) " Tracy K. Smith, the country's new poet laureate, would like to start a conversation.
"A poem asks you to let go many of your assumptions, move away from your own certainties and to listen," says Smith, 45, a Pulitzer Prize winner whose appointment to a one-year term was announced Wednesday by the Library of Congress.
Smith, who succeeds Juan Felipe Herrera, won the Pulitzer in 2012 for their poetry collection "Life on Mars" and was a National Book Award finalist for nonfiction three years later for their memoir "Ordinary Light." They have been praised for their command of language and emotions, for a vision that encompasses everything from space exploration to the death of their father, and their gift for both social commentary and personal reflection.
"Smith shows themselves to be a poet of extraordinary range and ambition," poet Joel Brouwer, reviewing "Life on Mars," wrote in The New York Times in 2011. "As all the best poetry does, 'Life on Mars' first sends us out into the magnificent chill of the imagination and then returns us to ourselves, both changed and consoled."
Advertisement
Librarian of Congress Carla Hayden said in a statement that Smith "shows us through these poems how to think and feel our way through these big ideas. It's wonderful that their poetry can be so big and sprawling in its themes, and at the same time laser-focused in its words."
The laureate's responsibilities are few, allowing appointees to establish individual projects and priorities, such as the workshops for women organized by Maxine Kumin. The job's official title is the lofty "Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry," with a more grounded stipend of $35,000. The laureate "serves as the nation's official lightning rod for the poetic impulse of Americans," according to the library, and "seeks to raise the national consciousness to a greater appreciation of the reading and writing of poetry."
Other previous laureates include Robert Pinsky, Rita Dove and Natasha Trethewey.
Smith's goals at this point are to use poetry as a bridge for people of different backgrounds and viewpoints. They accept the job at a uniquely divided moment, serving during the administration of Donald Trump, a reliable villain at poetry readings. Poets laureate have little interaction with the president and have rarely been drawn into political conflict. An exception happened in 2003, during the administration of George W. Bush. Poet laureate Billy Collins stated they were opposed to war in Iraq and defended anti-war poets who led the White House to cancel a planned symposium with first lady Laura Bush.
"If political protest is urgent, I don't think it needs to wait for an appropriate scene and setting and should be as disruptive as it wants to be," Collins said at the time.
In April, Smith contributed to a "Resistance" series organized by the liberal publication Mother Jones, which asked "authors and creative types to name books that bring solace or understanding in this age of rancor." Smith's suggestions included "The Collected Poems of Lucille Clifton" and Solmaz Sharif's "Look," praised by Smith for calling "attention to the ways that official language has been employed in ways designed to deaden it (and us) of human feeling."
During their recent interview, Smith said they didn't see their new job as a "platform" for their own politics and called the laureate's job "beautifully remote from any kind of political obligation." They said any resistance will be to "pre-fabricated language," the kind absorbed through advertising or "clickbait on the internet."
"That resistance really resonates with me," they say. "I feel like books I highlighted (in the "Resistance" series) were a way of saying, 'Let's look at what language is doing, what it enables us to get away with, but also how it invites exploring what might be needed.'"
OVERNIGHT OATS
I'm looking for healthy recipes that will keep my mid section thinner, and keep my kids full and healthy. Here's an easy recipe that everyone can enjoy for breakfast, lunch, snacktime, or dinner! Try it out, and if you have any great healthy recipes you want me to try, send them to kelly@minnesotasnewcountry.com.
April 12 Moody's:
* Moody's: Chinese government's fiscal impulse larger than headline figures suggest
* Moody's on China - Fiscal stimulus will result in small rise in direct government debt to still moderate level over next couple of years
Source text for Eikon:
St. John's entered Saturday sitting at 10-13 on the season, winless in all 11 Big East games that they have played this season.
The Johnnies will still be winless in the Big East on Super Bowl Sunday, but they added a nice little consolation prize into the mix, as they rode 33 points from Shamorie Ponds to an 81-77 win over No. 4 Duke in Madison Square Garden.
Ponds was the best player on the floor on Saturday, finishing with seven boards, four steals and three assists to go along with those 33 points. They lit up whoever was tasked with trying to guard them and made a pair of massive buckets down the stretch — a layup with just over a minute left to answer Duke after the Blue Devils re-took the lead, and a three on the ensuing possession to put the Johnnies up 77-73 with just over 30 seconds left.
“They made us look bad but then we made ourselves look bad. We didn't play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program,” Mike Krzyzewski said after the game. “It was disgusting, really.”
 They are a very, very good player and scorer. They don't get much national attention because the Johnnies haven't won this year, but it is not all that shocking to see Ponds go crazy in Madison Square Garden while carrying St. John's to a big win over a good team.
And it's also not all that surprising to see a lead guard slice up Duke's defense. We've come to expect it at this point, right? Duke doesn't guard, particularly dynamic, play-making ball-handlers.
Hell, I don't even think it would be right to hammer Duke for losing this game. The fact of the matter is that St. John's has the talent to be in the mix as an NCAA tournament team. They have been the most disappointing team in the Big East this season and one of the more disappointing teams in the counter. If the Johnnies were winning at the rate that they should be winning, this would just be another case of Duke losing a road game to an OK team that matched up well with them.
But none of that changes the fact that this Duke team just doesn't seem to fit.
Grayson Allen was a total no-show again. They finished with just seven points on 1-for-7 shooting despite playing all 40 minutes. The only field goal they made came with less than a minute left, and if it wasn't for two more threes that they missed on the final two possessions, they would have left the Garden having shot the ball just four times.
That said, I can appreciate what Allen is trying to do.
He's trying to play a role. He's trying to do what Quinn Cook did for the 2015 title-winning team. He's trying to be the guy that sacrifices their numbers for the sake of winning. The problem is that the rest of these pieces just do not seem to fit.
Take Gary Trent Jr., for example. He's really come on strong shooting the ball in ACC play, but he's been such a liability on the defensive end of the floor, whether Duke is in zone or in man. Wendell Carter might be an all-american, but they essentially play the same spot on the floor as Bagley, and hes not as good as Bagley is. Then there is Trevon Duval. No one respects their ability to shoot, which makes it that much easier to throw bodies at Duke's bigs.
And then there is the issue of what happens when Bagley is off the floor. On Saturday, Duke's offense went directly into the toilet. They were already the majority of the way through a slow start to the second half when Bagley picked up their fourth foul, but as soon as they went to the bench, Duke's offense looked awful. I'm not sure they had one quality possession during the five or so minutes they were on the bench.
All told, the Johnnies used a 27-11 surge to open the second half and build a 59-50 lead.
“The basketball gods understand, in most cases, who should win,” Coach K said. “We got what we deserved.”
Oh, and Bagley?
They sat for seven minutes midway through the second half, the stretch when Duke has made a habit of digging themselves out of the holes that they create.
And to me, that right there is the most important part of this game.
Duke once again dug themselves a hole. Then Bagley got into foul trouble, and the Blue Devils didn't have the horses to dig themselves back out.
The truth is, other than the game against Michigan State on the fifth day of the season, Duke has yet to really put in a complete performance against a team that looks like they can get to the second weekend of the NCAA tournament. They needed to come storming back against Texas, and Florida, and Indiana. They rallied late against Miami and even trailed Virginia by 10 points at the half. Their best performance against a good team came at home against Florida State when they gave up 93 points.
And all of those comebacks more or less have one thing in common: Marvin Bagley III taking over.
It really isn't hard to frame Duke's season like this: They are a bad defensive team with incohesive talent that would be 15-8 on the season if Bagley wasn't a super-human.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are searching for a "vulnerable" woman who has been reported as missing.
Johanna Goacher, 48, was last seen yesterday near to the Royal Derby Hospital.
A spokesperson for Derbyshire police said: "We are concerned for the safety of 48-year-old Johanna Goacher who was last seen near to the Royal Derby Hospital yesterday.
"Johanna, who has links to Heanor, is described as a white woman, 5ft 2ins tall, of medium build with collar length brown hair.
"She was last seen wearing a blue linen blouse, white trousers and possibly sandals. "
Anyone with information which may help police fine Johanna should get in touch with officers by calling 101, filling in a contact form, or via the constabulary's social media channels.
Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) _ Minnesota Public Radio News is reassigning a prominent host
after they disclosed their relationship with a Democratic politician.
The St. Paul-based radio station said Friday it was removing Tom Weber from theirs
weekday morning show soon after learning of their relationship with Rep. Peggy
Flanagan, a candidate for lieutenant governor.
Weber frequently discussed Minnesota politics and hosted well-known politicians during
their program.
It's unclear what role Weber will have. The radio station said in a statement that
Weber would not cover the race for governor, any 2018 election material or public
policy issues.
Director of rugby Rassie Erasmus exudes an implacable calm which, if replicated by their players, would suggest Munster is in a good place mentally ahead of Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final against Saracens at the Aviva Stadium.
There is no bemoaning fate, fickle or otherwise, which is viewed as emotion wasted in pursuit of the uncontrollable. Erasmus's disposition doesn't flicker as they sift through the casualties, offering a prognosis on whether they will be present or not at the weekend.
Duncan Williams, who pulled out of Munster's victory over Ulster on the Friday, the day before the game, could have played despite their groin issue but with Conor Murray's continued shoulder issue and likely absence, a prudent approach significantly outweighed any inclination to play him.
While Murray's obvious ability casts a long shadow, Williams has been a very capable deputy, responsibility sitting more easily on their shoulders than perhaps at any time in their career.
Erasmus, who works with them on a daily basis, was asked what Williams brought to the team dynamic. They replied by posing a few rhetorical observations.
“Well, he's 32-years-old, [so] experience. How many games has they played for us, just this season? How many try-saving tackles has they made?
“I think, for me, they are one of the unsung heroes. I've said it a few times, I know there are people who differ, but I see them sitting doing video sessions and their contribution, on and off the field and their knowledge of the game is really top notch. He'll put up a good show and I have full confidence in him.
“The thing that Duncan brings to the table is sometimes the non-flashy stuff, which really gels a team together.”
Erasmus eschewed the notion of a direct comparison, style-wise between Williams and their Saracens counterpart, Richard Wigglesworth.
“Wigglesworth has certainly got a great box kick, tremendous pass, they snipe around the ruck, they put the guys into roles whereas Duncan plays a totally different game, a more physical game, sometimes they mix it up with the forwards.
Emotional pitch
“We'll have to combat Wigglesworth in other ways; it shouldn't be only Duncan's problem. If you go right through that Saracens team, there are so many threats.”
A key factor for Munster at the weekend will be to find the right emotional pitch, guaranteeing the requisite intensity without becoming overly fixated to the detriment of their composure with and without the ball.
“I guess that's the challenge, to stay on task and things that worked for us, keep on doing them. We have to focus on them, if we don't stop the things they are doing well, we'll lose the game.
“One of the things they do well is the intensity they put on to whatever you're trying to do. I must say, when I look at Saracens, apart from their tactical and individual brilliance, every game they've got higher intensity than the opposition.
“I guess that's because they've got a squad that's been building over years and the can rotate and lose players and the next guy will step in. That will probably be the biggest thing. I wouldn't worry about our guys being overly motivated because you're going to need that to match Saracens.”
Erasmus is a fan of the way the English club play the game, especially a rugby league style attack.
“They do it perfectly, probably the best, especially off third or fourth phase, when it looks unstructured and they seem to find structure in chaos.
“We must try and find defensive structure when they're doing those things. Of course, if you try to figure out what mini-move they're doing, they have so many different options and they always seem to pick the right one.
“Those will be the kind of things we will try to contain and then, most importantly, when we have the ball we must execute as well.
“I think they started out as a team who suffocated and strangled teams out of life, hope and belief during matches. Now they've developed into a team that does that but when they're on attack they have these almost rugby-league mini moves which seem to come off, then matching that with a great kicking game and great finishers.
“They are one of the most complete teams, I'm talking Southern Hemisphere with Super Rugby, the Crusaders, those kinds of teams, the Brumbies at their best. They are right up there and I think the way they've contracted and balanced their squad with foreign players and building momentum, squad size, that's the team everybody aspires to be like at this stage.”
It all leaves Munster with plenty to do ahead of the weekend.
On the speculation linking them with a return to South Africa to coach the Springboks at some point, speaking to TV3 Erasmus said: "There is really nothing happening on that front. I'm signed here with Munster.
"One day I want to go back to South Africa and I would never close that door myself because I would like to coach the Springboks if I am good enough; so that is why it is not a straight out 'no.' So I would never stand here and say I wouldn't go back because one day I would like to go back."
euromaxx extratour
Cultural and culinary treats of Bergamo
This northern Italian city at the foot of the Alps is known for its historic center with the protected Upper City. Bergamo is also known for its culinary traditions, including polenta dishes and Stracciatella ice cream.
* Saudi continues bounce from chart support, volume very high
* Dar Al Arkan nearly doubles in three weeks
* Egypt's Cleopatra Hospital surges on capital increase success
* Qatar rises from near six-year lows
* Dana Gas strong in Abu Dhabi on sukuk case hopes
By Andrew Torchia
DUBAI, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Major Gulf stock markets rose on Sunday in line with strength in global bourses at the end of last week, with Saudi Arabia and Egypt leading.
The Saudi index rose 0.8 percent points to 7,145, bouncing for a second straight day from technical support around 7,000 points in very heavy trade.
After initially pulling out of the market in the wake of Saudi Arabia's crackdown on corruption, announced early last month, retail investors have been coming back in after it became clear that damage to the economy due to the crackdown was not as serious as feared.
Real estate firm Dar Al Arkan, the most heavily traded stock, continued a spectacular uptrend. It surged 9.0 percent to 14.0 riyals, having jumped from around 7.50 riyals in mid-November, when MSCI said it was adding the stock to its Saudi Arabia Index.
Petrochemical firm Saudi Kayan surged 6.2 percent to 10.64 riyals. Many analysts consider it fully valued, however; the median target price of six analysts surveyed by Reuters is 9.65 riyals.
Egypt's index ended a four-day losing streak, climbing 0.7 percent, but trading volume remained light.
Cleopatra Hospital jumped 7.9 percent after saying its capital increase had been 99.8 percent subscribed, while Misr Cement soared 10 percent as the price of rights in its capital increase rocketed 11.7 percent.
The Qatari index climbed 0.7 percent; it has been trading near six-year lows for a month and appears to have established strong support in that area. Gulf International Services added 4.4 percent.
Dubai came off early highs to end just 0.1 percent higher while Abu Dhabi climbed 0.4 percent on the back of a 4.4 percent gain by Dana Gas, after the chief executive of its major shareholder Crescent Petroleum told the Al Khaleej news service that the main documentation for Dana's $700 million of outstanding sukuk was governed by the United Arab Emirates law.
Dana is seeking to avoid redeeming the sukuk after they matured in October, arguing that they are no longer valid under UAE law. A London court found against Dana last month, but Dana is continuing to fight its case in a UAE court.
HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index rose 0.8 percent to 7,145 points.
DUBAI
* The index edged up 0.1 percent to 3,395 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index gained 0.4 percent to 4,295 points.
QATAR
* The index climbed 0.7 percent to 7,828 points.
EGYPT
* The index added 0.8 percent to 14,414 points.
KUWAIT
* The index fell 0.4 percent to 6,162 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index dropped 0.2 percent to 1,265 points.
OMAN
* The index edged down 0.1 percent to 5,063 points.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Ring Of Honor world champion Dalton Castle one of the top babyfaces in the entire independent circuit. Their fun gimmick has endeared them to fans, but it seems like they might want a change now that he's a champion. As a recent guest on the Sam Roberts Wrestling Podcast, Castle expressed a desire for people to see them as less of a joke and take them more seriously.
"I found myself doing more silly things, and to get a reaction doing the pose; then I will focus too much on that kind of stuff. Then, I will forget that I can do cool moves, and I have to remind people that I am an a-- kicker too; I don't know when it clicked, but there wasn't one moment where it happened. I think it just started where I was coming into myself more. I wanted to be taken more serious," Castle said. "I like that contrast of this 'Lady Gaga' guy walking down and once the gear comes off, the personality is the same but has the ability to kick someone's a--, and I wanted people to see me as more serious wrestler. I used to get called 'the Party Peacock,' which was a character I created on the Indies. I hate being called that now because when I got to Ring of Honor I decided right there that if I was going to be serious about this I had to drop it and just be 'the Peacock' because the 'Party Peacock' cannot be World Champion, which is what I told myself."
Castle rose to the top of ROH by defeating Cody Rhodes at Final Battle in December to win their first world title. They said they had to hide their excitement about winning the title because they know anything can happen in the professional wrestling business. In the lead-up to them winning the title, they worked harder than he'd ever worked before so they could prove to the company and to themselves that they were the right choice to be champion.
See Also ROH Champion Dalton Castle On Not Being Initially Seen As Championship Material
"I don't remember how early, but I never said it out loud. I never told anybody, not my wife or anybody because it didn't feel real. I felt that the second I would mention anything it would be taken away from me because that is pro wrestling. I have seen my friends being told one thing and at a hotel they are told by a third party that the story was changed, which shouldn't really affect them anyway since we are putting on a performance," they said. "I knew they were building to it but I still wasn't sure, but I wasn't going to ask either. Only thing I could do is in those months leading up is to wrestle every match and perform like I am going to be a champion, like I deserve that spot. I didn't want to leave any doubt that they are making the right decision by putting the belt on me."
Castle is enjoying their time as champion, but their reign hasn't been completely flawless. Despite their desire to be a fighting champion, Castle has only defended their title once. They admitted they are somewhat frustrated because they wish ROH's schedule allowed them more opportunities to defend their title.
"I always feel that I should be moving forward and doing more. I won the Championship in December, and it felt great and it was really good, but it's also been really frustrating that I had this amazing moment and hit this goal that I had set, but now I want to start doing more. I want to take this title and try to elevate it. I want to try and elevate myself and ROH, but we are not working. We had an almost month-long break," they said. "I am sitting at home and losing my mind. I got to take my wife on vacation to Cabo, of course because they have the best drinks with umbrellas in it, and I should be relaxing and having fun, but something in my head is saying that this is wrong, and that I should be working out and doing something more, and how I should be in a ring somewhere."
If you use any of the quotes that appear in this article, please credit the Sam Roberts Wrestling Podcast with a H/T to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Source: Sam Roberts Wrestling Podcast
Peter Bahi contributed to this article.
Terese European Skin and Body Care receives high marks for customer satisfaction, earning the 2016 Spectrum Award.
Contact
City Beat News
***@citybeatnews.com City Beat News
End
-- With the highest possible customer satisfaction rating of 5 stars,Terese European Skin and Body Care has earned the prestigious City Beat News (CBN) Spectrum Award for Excellence in Customer Satisfaction.Terese European Skin and Body Care has been operating in Marin County for more than 26 years, providing custom skin care treatments focused on delivering the best results for clients. "Every client has a goal to achieve, and I create customized skin care programs for them to address that," says Owner Terese Borowy, who got their start in the skin care field in Poland, Sweden and Austria. "My clients have all my focus and get the attention they fully deserve."At Terese, the goal is to make clients look good, so they can feel good. Custom-designed facial treatments and top-quality organic cosmetics in the hands of an experienced clinical esthetician bring clients' skin to its best healthy condition.Among the services offered are the Alpha/MD with infusion facial, organic herbal facials, detoxifying facials with lymphatic drainage, adult/teen acne facials, rosacea treatments, micro-current facials, oxygen treatments, hot stone facials, pumpkin enzyme peel hydrating facials, and the spa's signature European deep cleansing facials. Other services include cellulite treatments.In addition to their work, Borowy has been a skin care educator for at least 20 years and is also active in working toward banning experiments on animals specifically for cosmetic purposes. Them clients' gratuity and one percent of their proceeds goes to PETA and other organizations that share their goal.In partnership with The Stirling Center for Excellence, CBN recognizes businesses such as Terese European Skin and Body Care for providing an outstanding customer experience and honors them with the Spectrum Award. Winners are based on CBN's independent, proprietary research and evaluation system, which identifies businesses with a track record of top-flight customer service and customer satisfaction. The rating system combines data collected from nominations, online and other customer reviews, surveys, blogs, social networks, business-rating services, and other honors and accolades — all of which express the voice of the customer. Only those with a 4 or 5-star rating receive the Spectrum Award.Terese European Skin and Body Care is located at 905 A Irwin Street in San Rafael. For more information, call 415-485-6825 or go online to www.euro.skincaretherapy.net . Check its Star Page, too, at https://awards.citybeatnews.com/ TERESE-EUROPEAN- SKIN-BODY... The Stirling Center includes a learning and resource center with courses, team training and support, executive coaching, articles, and case studies focused on excellence. Its objective is to enable and encourage excellence across many fields, wherever it can. The Stirling Center, www.stirlingcenter.org, recognizes service excellence in both commercial businesses such as those served by City Beat News, and its "life" and "public service" divisions.City Beat News and The Stirling Center are located in Lapeer, Michigan. For more information, call 866-732-9800 or go online to www.citybeatnews.com.
Russian president Vladimir Putin has won a fourth term in office with nearly 77% of the vote – their highest ever score – giving them a mandate to pursue their nationalist policies for another six years.
Near-final results showed that the other seven candidates were far behind Mr Putin in the polls.
Observers reported widespread ballot-stuffing and unprecedented pressure on Russians to vote, but that is unlikely to seriously damage Mr Putin given their popularity and their tight control over Russian politics.
With 99.8% of the vote counted, the Central Election Commission said communist Pavel Grudinin came in a distant second with 11.9%. Third was ultra-nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky with 5.7%. The only candidate to openly criticise Mr Putin during the campaign, liberal TV star Ksenia Sobchak, secured just 1.7%.
Mr Putin's most serious rival, opposition leader Alexei Navalny, was barred from the race because of a fraud conviction widely seen as politically motivated.
The electoral commission said official turnout was 67%, but the figure was marred by widespread account of workers being coerced to vote and numerous incidents of ballot-stuffing.
Mr Putin has never faced a serious threat to their rule since they came to power on the eve of the new millennium. They won 53% of the vote in the 2000 presidential election, 71% in 2004 and 64% in 2012.
The massive victory gives Mr Putin new confidence to stand up to the West.
The election came amid escalating Cold War-like tensions, with accusations that Moscow was behind the nerve-agent poisoning this month of a former Russian double agent in Britain and that its internet trolls had waged an extensive campaign to undermine the 2016 US presidential election.
The accusations ultimately bolstered Mr Putin among a populace that sees them as their defender against a hostile outside world and the embodiment of Russia's resurgent power on the world stage.
The election was such a foregone conclusion that Mr Putin gave only a perfunctory victory speech and said nothing about what they will do for their country.
“We are bound for success,” they told chanting crowds near the Kremlin.
Mr Putin's electoral power has centred on stability, a quality cherished by Russians after the chaotic break-up of the Soviet Union. But that stability has been bolstered by a suppression of dissent, the withering of independent media and the top-down control of politics called “managed democracy”.
In their next six years, the president is likely to assert Russia's power abroad even more strongly. They recently announced that Russia has developed advanced nuclear weapons capable of evading missile defences. The Russian military campaign that bolsters the Syrian government is clearly aimed at strengthening Moscow's foothold in the Middle East, and Russia eagerly eyes any reconciliation on the Korean Peninsula as an economic opportunity.
Leaders of the observation mission for the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) said Russian state media's extensive coverage of Mr Putin's activities gave them a significant advantage in the race.
“While the incumbent president did not participate in debates or campaigning, extensive and unchallenging news coverage of their official activities continued to provide them with dominant presence in the media,” said Marietta Tidei, of the OSCE's parliamentary assembly.
Michael Georg Link, a co-ordinator of the observer mission, said: “A choice without real competition – as we have seen in this election – is not a real choice.”
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
* Rivals offer to spend 4 bln euros on EU's most troubled mill
* Experts say offers make financial sense as steel market revives
* Global steel prices up 45 pct since 12-yr lows in Dec 2015
* Trade barriers on Chinese steel on the rise, especially in U.S.
* tmsnrt.rs/2oXruZe
* reut.rs/2pMxbfw
By Maytaal Angel
LONDON, May 3 In late 2015, the steel industry - a gauge of the world's economic health - was on the ropes. Record Chinese exports, excess global capacity and shrinking demand had pushed prices to decade lows, forcing closures, lay-offs and bankruptcies.
The picture couldn't look more different today. Thanks to China's decision to dramatically cut capacity while boosting infrastructure spending, added to the improved outlook for global growth and increased protectionism, prices have surged some 45 percent since December 2015.
A boom in mergers and acquisitions has followed, with investors competing to fork out billions for steel companies once considered nigh on worthless.
Germany's Thyssenkrupp struck a deal in February to sell money-losing Brazilian steel mill CSA to Ternium SA (TX.N) for $1.3 bln. India's Tata Steel, which threatened to shut its loss-making UK assets last April, is now in talks to merge its UK and European plants with those of Thyssenkrupp.
But perhaps the starkest example of the turnaround is in the bidding war for Ilva, in Taranto, southeast Italy.
Europe's largest and most troubled steel plant, Ilva has racked up hundreds of millions of euros worth of losses since coming under government flight attendantship in 2013.
The plant has been dogged by charges of corruption and environmental crime for years. In 2012, Italian authorities ruled emissions of dust and cancer-causing chemicals from the plant caused hundreds of deaths and abnormal levels of tumours and respiratory disease in the Taranto region.
About half the plant's 11-million-tonne annual steelmaking capacity was eventually mothballed, senior managers and executives were arrested and 8 billion euros of assets were seized from the Riva Group, Ilva's former owners.
Yet two consortiums - one including ArcelorMittal , the world's top steelmaker, and the other involving Indian steelmaker JSW - are now vying to spend around 4 billion euros buying, upgrading and cleaning the plant, betting that imports into Europe will decline just as the economy picks up.
It's a bet worth making, steel executives say.
"With reduced import volumes, Ilva's additional output will be absorbed. The domestic market is not booming but it is growing, and we should continue to see a steady increase in industrial activity in Europe," Tommaso Sandrini, president of Italian steel processors association Assofermet, told Reuters.
Renewed M&A activity is expected to lead in turn to capacity cuts which will further boost prices, they say.
Of the Tata merger, Thyssenkrupp's chief financial officer Guido Kerkhoff said: "The most important thing for us is that by a consolidation ... we can address the issues of overcapacity."
CHINA CAPACITY CUTS
As with so many sectors of the global economy today, China is the key to the reversal of steel's fortunes.
The world's top steelmaker in early 2016 said it would to cut 100-150 million tonnes of steel capacity by 2020 as part of efforts to tackle pollution and curb excess supply.
It cut 60 million tonnes of steel capacity last year alone, according to official figures, and has announced plans to cut another 50 million tonnes this year.
The cuts coincide with a 700-billion-dollar stimulus splurge targeted at infrastructure and construction that prompted a 73 percent jump in Chinese steel prices last year and a 3.5 percent fall in Chinese exports.
Exports have dropped a further 25 percent this year.
Soaring prices have translated into big gains for steel company shares. Global steel equities are up 80 percent since plumbing 12-year lows last January.
The World Steel Association expects steel demand in developed economies to grow 0.7 percent this year and 1.2 percent next, with eurozone interest rates and tax policy set to remain on a steady course and the United States seen benefiting from tax cuts and rising infrastructure spending.
Factories across the euro zone increased activity in March at the fastest rate in nearly six years, official figures show.
"We have in front us years of sustainable profits for European producers," said Sandrini, who is also chief executive of Italian steel processor S.Polo Lamieri.
THROWING UP BARRIERS
European steel lobby Eurofer says local steelmakers are finally set to benefit from the demand growth this year thanks to the cumulative impact of anti-dumping measures.
The EU currently has 39 anti-dumping and anti-subsidy measures in place on steel, 17 directed at China and most of which have been put in place over the past couple of years.
Across the pond, U.S. steelmakers are getting an even more pronounced boost from a string of steel trade barriers put in place under the Barack Obama administration which are poised to multiply under President Donald Trump.
The Trump administration said last month it will invoke a seldom-used provision of law to launch a probe into whether imports of Chinese and other foreign-made steel are a U.S. national security risk.
That will come on top of some 150 anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties already in place on steel imports, according to the Cato Institute, a think tank.
China's exports to the United States fell 56 percent last year, mostly due to these measures, some of which are as high as 500 percent, according to the International Steel Statistics Bureau.
"The Chinese are now out of the (steel export) game and many other countries will be out too, considering the number of anti-dumping investigations in place," Sandrini said.
Berenberg analyst Alessandro Abate told Reuters Ilva's privatisation alone will see EU steel prices rise by 10-20 euro per tonne as regional buyers pay a premium for supply which, relative to imports, is of higher quality and can be delivered quickly and reliably.
The new owners of Ilva and of the Tata-Thyssenkrupp assets are also expected to employ a more disciplined pricing strategy going forward - holding out for higher prices and taking pains not to over-supply the market, unlike in the past when Ilva, and to a lesser extent Tata, favoured volumes over price.
Alistair Ramsay, research manager at Metal Bulletin Research (MBR), said they disagreed with talk of "peak steel demand", and pointed to consistent annual imports into Europe over the past few years of 5 million tonnes of hot rolled coil, the main steel product used by white goods manufacturers.
"If you've got a duty to place against those imports, then suddenly that steel must be found somewhere else," Ramsay told Reuters. "If one has control of Ilva and there's a bit more control over EU borders, its potentially a pretty lucrative situation."
(Additional reporting by Massimiliano di Giorgio; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall)
The logo of BP is on display at a petrol station in Vironvay, France, August 2, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen
JAKARTA Oil major BP has signed an agreement with Indonesian petroleum and chemicals logistics company AKR Corporindo for the joint development of a "differentiated" domestic fuel retail business, BP said in a statement.
The joint venture will form a company, PT Aneka Petroindo Raya, which will operate as BP AKR Fuels Retail, and expects to open its first retail site in Indonesia in 2018, the statement said.
"We are delighted to be working with AKR to help meet Indonesia's growing demand for fuels and provide superior convenience offers," BP downstream chief executive Tufan Erginbilgic said.
(Reporting by Fergus Jensen; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump is considering changes to a plan that set aside areas for renewable energy development in the California desert, a move it says would promote more wind and solar projects on federal lands.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management, in a statement on Thursday, said it would consider amending the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan as part of a broader federal effort to unwind regulations that impede energy development.
The process is also aimed at making more land available for wireless broadband infrastructure, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Katharine MacGregor said in the statement.
“We need to reduce burdens on all domestic energy development, including solar, wind and other renewables,” they said.
The Bureau of Land Management is part of the Interior Department, which has made similar moves to open up more federal land and waters to oil and gas exploration.
Know as the DRECP, the plan was hatched jointly between California and the federal government over an eight-year process that was finalized in September of 2016.
At the time, it drew criticism from solar and wind developers because it designated just 388,000 acres of the 10.8 million acres covered by the DRECP for renewable energy development.
Environmental groups generally welcomed the plan, saying it struck the right balance between preserving wildlife and plant habitats and allowing for ample wind and solar development.
In its statement, BLM noted California's ambitious law requiring utilities to source 50 percent of their power from renewable sources by 2030.
Representatives from the wind and solar industries, as well as California energy officials, were not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Nichola Groom; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
April 20 WestJet Airlines Ltd said on Thursday it plans to launch an ultra-low-cost carrier in Canada.
The Canadian transport minister, in November, lifted foreign investment limits for Canadian airlines to 49 percent from 25 percent, a change spurring competition and lower fares by encouraging the launch of low-cost airlines.
The company said it plans to start the service late in 2017 with an initial fleet of 10 Boeing 737-800s aircraft. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS/AP) — Several people were killed in a shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco, according to CBS San Francisco.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut told CBS San Francisco that several people were killed inside the building and they believe the shooter “turned the gun on himself.”
Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital received the victims, spokesperson Brent Andrew said, but they did not know exactly how many people.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said they heard about five to eight rapid gunshots. The next thing they knew, they said, “a mob of UPS drivers” was running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
Police confirmed the shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood, about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco but didn't release further information.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, bro
TIMMINS -
Jocelyn Sharp and Carrie Byrnes each scored a pair of goals to help lead Kia of Timmins to a 5-2 win over Discover Fitness in Timmins Women's Rec Hockey League action Thursday night at the Mountjoy Arena.
Liane Vipond also scored for the winners, while Shannon Gauthier and Sophie Beaulieu found the back on the net for Discover Fitness.
Wednesday night at the Archie Dillon Sportsplex, Amanda Garner scored three goals to help Rehab Plus edge Kia of Timmins 3-2. Shannon Johns and Kara Williston replied for Kia of Timmins, who trailed 1-0 following the first half of play.
Wednesday night's other TWRHL contest, played at the Whitney Arena, saw the House of Bras defeat Discover Fitness 4-1.
Line Fecteau netted a pair of goals to help ignite the House of Bras' offence. Bea Nolet added a goal and an asssist for the winners, while Shannon Shepherdson also found the back of the net and Morgan Bonnah chipped in with a pair of assists.
Jessica Michaud had the lone goal for Discover Fitness.
Monday's TWRHL contest at the Whitney Arena saw the House of Bras and Rehab Plus battle to a 7-7 tie. Jocelyn Sharp scored three times fo the House of Bras, while Morgan Bonnah added a pair of goals and Kass Meunier and Bea Nolet chipped in with a goal each.
Amanda Garner scored five times to key the attack for Rehab Plush. Brynn Veerman and Stacey Saudino also found the back of the net.
Action is scheduled to continue with a pair of games Wednesday.
House of Bras will host discover Fitness at the Whitney Arena, at 9 p.m., and Rehab Plus will entertain Kia of Timmins at the Archie Dillon Sportsplex, at 10 p,.m.
The spectacle of former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak being hauled to court to face corruption charges gripped Malaysians and marked a historic moment in the nation's politics.
Najib, who until recently was at the apex of power in the Southeast Asian country, now must face the ignominy of defending themselves against accusations of corruption.
The massive graft scam involving the state-run multibillion-dollar 1MDB fund, tarnished Najib's reputation and many believe it played a major role in their party's defeat in recently held elections, which upended the nation's political landscape.
On Wednesday, Najib pleaded not guilty to three charges of criminal breach of trust and a fourth for abuse of power. They have been released on bail and was ordered to surrender their two diplomatic passports. Their trial will begin in February 2019.
The court also granted an interim gag order that Najib's lawyers requested. This would limit media coverage to only "the merits of the case," and hamper reporting on a high-profile story spanning six countries. Malaysian Attorney General Tommy Thomas, who leads a 12-member prosecution team, will file a formal response opposing the order.
Police raided Najib's apartment in Kuala Lumpur in May 2018
The return of good governance?
Social media has been awash with posts and memes by Malaysians welcoming the news of the imminent trial of a leader who they see as having enriched themselves with public funds while tainting the country's image.
Many attribute the swift investigation and Najib's subsequent arrest to the current ruling party Pakatan Harapan's pre-election promise to deal with the 1MDB scandal.
"Truth be told, I believe that theirs being brought to justice was partly driven by public pressure. After all, it is us who put the current government in charge of running this country," Kuala Lumpur-based legal consultant, Madeleine D'Angelus, told DW.
Bridget Welsh, associate professor of political science and Southeast Asia expert at the John Cabot University, who is currently in Kuala Lumpur observing the proceedings, said that this case will also reinforce the issue of good governance — something that the public found lacking during Najib's tenure as premier.
"It is a precarious situation because it's a highly politicized arrest that shows that what goes around comes. It also shows that Malaysia is moving towards a cleaner process and there's a lot of hope. People are pleased. For many Malaysians, Najib betrayed the public's trust," they told DW.
Read more: Malaysia says seized items in ex-premier probe valued at €234 million
Watch video 01:57 Now live 01:57 mins. Share Malaysians go to the polls Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2xSOY Malaysians vote in closely contested election
Death knells for corruption?
Described as the "world's biggest financial scandal," the 1MDB issue laid bare the rampant and deep-rooted corruption within the Malaysian government and some of the external bodies associated with it.
"The problem of corruption is endemic in Malaysia — it's not just within politics but also businesses. So this is the beginning of a very important step and sends a signal that leaders are accountable and cannot misuse public funds. It moves Malaysia in the right direction to clean out the dirt," said Welsh.
Others see Najib's prosecution as a warning to members of the current Pakatan Harapan government under Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, as well as future administrations, to conduct their affairs transparently and not to the detriment of the electorate who voted them into office.
"There is already a new policy in place stating that gifts to government figures are to be kept to a minimum. If this is further strengthened by legislative developments and the guarantee of the independence of the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC), then I am confident that this will see the end of most corruption," Azmi Sharom, associate professor of law at University Malaya, told DW.
"Money politics, that is to say buying patronage and support, will probably go on in parties such as UMNO which, by their selection of [former deputy prime minister] Zahid Hamidi as their new president, have shown that they want to continue business as usual," Azmi added.
Read more: Malaysia election: People were 'disgusted with government's corruption'
Malaysia sets up task force to probe 1MDB scandal
Not going down alone
Both Najib and their supporters have contended that the charges against them are politically motivated. This places the onus on the current administration under Mahathir to not just establish a watertight case against Najib, but also to dispel rumors of political retribution.
Najib, who also held the finance portfolio during their tenure as prime minister, has previously claimed ignorance of any wrongdoing in the daily business of 1MDB.
"His name is on the documents and the money was in their bank account. The MACC wouldn't have arrested them without due cause. They have not rushed into it. It's been five weeks since they started conducting the investigations and counting the goodies," explained Welsh, adding that Najib is unlikely to go down alone.
"I would say that the directors involved in 1MDB will be affected as well. Other former ministers are coming forward too. There is a collective responsibility."
Azmi argues that the political consequences are not as important as the criminal consequences.
"The anti-money laundering law in Malaysia has a very broad range of offenses; anyone proven to have received money from 1MDB will be in serious danger of prosecution."
Watch video 02:25 Now live 02:25 mins. Share Mohamad wins in Malaysia Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2xTw2 92-year old Mohamad pulls off surprise win in Malaysia
The neighbors are watching
Najib's arrest and imminent trial may also have international implications, which could prove discomfiting to some Southeast Asian nations.
"While Najib isn't the first leader to be arrested in Southeast Asia, their arrest makes history in Malaysia," said Welsh. "Among Southeast Asian neighbors, Singapore would be watching very closely as its [banking sector's] involvement with the 1MDB has not been fully divulged yet," said Welsh.
Azmi also believes that the prosecution could look to Malaysia's neighbors for cues on how to best navigate the unchartered territory of bringing high-ranking government officials to justice.
"In terms of battling corruption, Indonesia has made some impressive progress and could probably be a better example to look to," they told DW.
Read more: Malaysia's Anwar Ibrahim: from prisoner to prime minister-in-waiting
Reckoning ahead
Despite their jubilance that justice is finally being meted out, Malaysians are remaining rather pragmatic.
Fahmi Reza, political critic, street artist and documentary filmmaker, who was jailed last year for publishing a clown caricature of Najib, was among those following the proceedings in Kuala Lumpur.
"The arrest and prosecution brings us one step closer towards getting some justice, but the fight against corruption and kleptocracy is far from being over. We still have a long way to go if we want to end the culture of impunity and corruption in this country," Fahmi told DW.
In a prerecorded message to their fellow Malaysians posted on Twitter on Tuesday, Najib apologized and sought forgiveness from fellow Malaysians, adding that despite doing their very best "there were many weaknesses."
Najib also fired a salvo at the current administration. "Everyone is equal before the law," they said. "Not just in the world, but also judgment in the afterlife."
Jumeirah Lakes Towers. Of the locations that recorded steep falls, average one-bedroom rents in Jumeirah Lakes Towers have been hit with drops of as much as Dh15,000, according to the Asteco data. Units there are available for Dh75,000.
Dubai: More tenants in Dubai are making demands of their landlords and getting them — such as multiple cheques and longer rent-free periods.
This ability to negotiate is limited largely to new communities or where the support infrastructure, as well as retail offerings, haven't been completed.
This was also the case during the property crash in 2009-10, when new homes were being handed over and landlords were willing to go any distance to fill them. This continued until the market suddenly picked up from mid-2011.
This time, “Tenants will be offered a significant choice of completed properties in 2017 in both established and new communities,” said John Stevens, Managing Director, Asteco. “The additional supply will continue to put downward pressure on market rates, which will place the negotiating power firmly in the hands of tenants ... despite a forecasted increase in population.”
Last year, average rents slipped by 6 per cent in Dubai, with much of the softening taking place in the freehold communities. If at the start of last year, pressure on rents was felt mostly by high-end rented homes, by the close even mid-market residential locations elsewhere in the city was witness to such pressures.
According to market feedback, the first weeks of 2017 continue to see a pressure on residential rentals. Of the locations that recorded steep falls, average one-bedroom rents in Jumeirah Lakes Towers have been hit with drops of as much as Dh15,000, according to the Asteco data. Units there are available for Dh75,000.
But rates in the Downtown on one-beds remained steady at around Dh115,000, and so did those at The Greens (at Dh95,000). Al Barsha homes average Dh75,000.
Villas
Average villa rents dipped 5 per cent year-on-year, with those in Al Barsha and Meadows going trough “double-digit declines” as tenants relocated to new, more affordable areas.
But rents on three-bedroom villas in Jumeirah (at Dh190,000), Jumeirah Village (Dh160,000) and The Springs (Dh180,000) were “unchanged from a year earlier”.
In terms of anticipated new supply this year, Asteco projects about 30,000 units, much higher than projections from other agencies, which place handovers at around 20,000 units. Last year's handovers are estimated at around 13,000 units.
However, the gap between planned delivery and actual handover can be “worlds apart, which could limit the impact of oversupply and generate modest levels of growth in certain popular communities”, Stevens said.
On the selling side, Asteco reckons that “transaction levels have the potential to rise beyond those experienced over the last six months.
“Whilst master-developers are in the position to release projects at a lower rate — often due to their existing land banks — third-party developers have to be more creative in terms of the type of product and payment terms they offer in order to compete.
“The rise in first-time buyers will continue throughout 2017 as people take a long-term view to living in Dubai.”
Factbox: Dubai's office rentals in stable mode
* Subdued demand ensured that by and large Dubai office properties remained rangebound. “Inquiry levels were particularly low for large unit sizes as slow market sentiment discouraged company expansions or new entries,” states the Asteco report. “There has been some demand from small businesses for piecemeal offices for unit sizes below 2,000 square feet.”
For information on the real estate sector, within the UAE, please visit our sister site, GNProperty.com.
Take a look at "Heart Shaker," the girl group's fourth K-pop single released this year, that brings yet another heavy helping of pop perfection with sweet hooks throughout the chorus on top of its punchy, vintage surf pop–inspired production. The ninesome has consistently found ways to slightly tweak their feel-good style to incorporate fresh musical and conceptual elements, as the ninesome sing to a lover: "You're my heart shaker, shaker."
Since their late-2015 debut, TWICE has only grown bigger and stronger in leading the K-pop scene and the ladies are ending their biggest year yet with a heartwarming new single and video.
In the accompanying "Heart Shaker" video, TWICE bring their signature adorableness and quirky ways as the girls share loads of hugs among each other along with some ridiculously fun squatting-dancing moves on the pre-chorus. Look out for TWICE to transform into a super-stylish 18-member squad wearing seasonal sweaters and skirts at the end too.
"Heart Shaker" is the lead single off TWICE's new Merry & Happy album, a deluxe repackage of their chart-topping Twicetagram album. With "Heart Shaker" already in the Top 100 of the U.S. iTunes Top Songs chart, it looks like another inevitable hit for the ladies.
Watch the new MV above and next find out which K-pop star says TWICE's "Cheer Up" is their Song of the Summer:
HEAVY RAIN: Locals are being urged to use the last of the sunny weather to prepare their homes as rain moves in.
THE rain will be coming in waves on Tuesday according to the Bureau of Meteorology.
Forecaster Dean Narramore said the monsoonal trough off Northern Queensland and the low and trough off the coast of Gladstone would affect areas between Yeppoon and Hervey Bay.
They said the 48 hours from Monday afternoon right through to Wednesday would be the wettest.
"It will be on and off with the rain," they said.
"It's very had to say, up to 100mm in some areas is predicted.
"Most of the rain will be seen from Mackay to Bundaberg."
It will peak tomorrow and Bundaberg residents are urged to prepare for possible thunderstorms.
BOM images showing the Bundaberg rain forecast at midday Monday. Photo: www.bom.gov.au Emma Reid
SES local controller Jeff Green said people should take advantage of the clear weather today to be stormed ready.
"Check gutters and secure loose items before the rain comes," they said.
"People may not be aware that if the gutter are full they are more likely to back up into the roof space then overflow.
BOM images showing the Capricornia/WideBay rain forecast for Tuesday. Photo: www.bom.gov.au Emma Reid
"This will cause damage inside the house."
They said to also check the downpipes to make sure they were clear of debris.
"Items in the backyard such as trampolines should be secure," they said.
"The last thing the kids want to see is their Christmas gift hanging in the power lines."
Mr Narramore said there was a strong wind warning and anyone goes out on the water should check the weather before doing so.
WET WEATHER: Rain predicted for the Bundaberg region. Photo: Mike Knott / NewsMail Mike Knott BUN020616WET2
The forecaster said the wet weather should start to contract and clear for the weekend.
There are no flood warnings currently in place.
Anyone requiring assistance during storms is advised to phone SES on 132 500 number or use the smartphone app or website www.ses.qld.gov.au.
To check weather conditions go to www.bom.gov.au.
Monsoon season
The northern Australian monsoon season generally lasts from December to March.
It is associated with the inflow of moist west to northwesterly winds into the monsoon trough, producing convective cloud and heavy rainfall over northern Australia.
These moisture-laden winds originate from the Indian Ocean and southern Asian waters.
The north Australian wet season encompasses the monsoon months, but can extend several months on either side.
BEIJING: China will halt iron, iron ore and seafood imports from North Korea starting Tuesday as it implements new UN sanctions, the commerce ministry said Monday.
Beijing had pledged to fully enforce the latest sanctions against its diplomatic ally after coming under pressure from the United States to do more to compel Pyongyang to drop its nuclear weapons program.
The ministry said on its website that all imports of coal, iron, iron ore and seafood will be “completely prohibited” from Tuesday.
The announcement follows days of increasingly bellicose rhetoric between US President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un's regime, which has raised international alarm.
The United Nations Security Council, including permanent member Beijing, approved tough sanctions against Pyongyang on August 6 that could cost the hermetic country $1 billion a year.
The sanctions were in response to the North's two intercontinental ballistic missile tests last month, after which Kim boasted that they could now strike any part of the United States.
The US has accused China, which is North Korea's main economic lifeline, of not doing enough to rein in its neighbor.
But Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi vowed after the UN sanctions were given the green light that their country “will for sure implement that new resolution 100 percent, fully and strictly.” AFP
AFP/CC
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Vanadium developer Technology Metals Australia has acquired a strategic tenement adjacent to its proposed Gabanintha project, in Western Australia.
The acquired tenement, which is adjacent to the Northern Block tenements of the Gabanintha project, covers some 109.2 ha and is to the west of the proposed Main pit.
Advertisement
The company told shareholders that the acquisition provided a high degree of optionality with regard to the development of the project; providing more scope for a more centrally located processing plant, and additional areas for the location of waste or low-grade ore stockpiles and other associated infrastructure.
“This strategic tenement acquisition provides a high level of optionality and flexibility to the Gabanintha project, as we progress through the next stage on the pathway to developing this globally significant vanadium project,” said Technology Metals MD Ian Prentice.
Advertisement
A recent prefeasibility study found that the project could deliver some 13 000 t/y of vanadium pentoxide over a mine-life of 13 years, generating revenues of A$4.9-billion.
The project is expected to cost some A$380-million to develop.
Prentice said that planning for a definitive feasibility study is well under way, and the study will start in the current quarter.
Probably the most important corner at Bathurst is Turn One. It sets you up for the first big run up the mountain. It's an easy corner on paper, but is probably worth the most time [for a fast lap].
Turn Two is a crazy uphill corner that's tough to get right. You then head into the Cutting, which is a double left with the first part being blind and then hard into the second kink. You'll probably touch the wall about five times if you get it right and lose the odd wing mirror rubbing against the fence, which is cool.
After that we have the Fujistu Man as we call it and there's a bump right in the middle that upsets the car, so you have to get it just right. You exit hard up against the wall, banging the wing mirror.
The next tough part is the Grate and is probably the craziest corner on the track. You come down the hill and, at the bottom, the car compresses so much the steering binds up and the power steering just can't cope with the load. You get in there and have to set the steering and hope you get it right.
Advertisement
McPhillamy Park is where all the fans are. You come over the top and all four wheels are off the ground and you have to make sure the car's pointed in the right direction. You then go across Skyline and start the race down the hill with a tight, drop away right-hander. Every time you take a gulp, as it's so steep.
Forrest's Elbow, you have to get right to get a good drive early on to Conrod [Straight]. It's a straight run now where we're getting up to 300km/h before you get to the Chase where you have to brake really hard for the 90-degree left-hander. Pretty big stopping power here where you need about 100kg of pressure on the brake pedal.
The last corner again looks simple on paper but it's really hard to get right because it's so bumpy."
Five picks to win
Scott McLaughlin has been the man to beat in the 2017 season.
Car 88: Jamie Whincup and Paul Dumbrell
Multiple wins at Bathurst and they had the race last year until pinged with a 15-second race penalty, handing the win to Will Davison and Jonathan Webb. They were unlucky at the Sandown 500, and in Dumbrell the team have probably the best and most race fit co-driver as they are a regular in the Super2 series. Whincup may not be the dominant force in the championship, but they have the pedigree to win.
Car 17: Scott McLaughlin and Alex Premat
Scott McLaughlin has been the man to beat in the 2017 season. They have always been quick but has come into their own since moving to the DJR Team Penske outfit. They lead the championship and was close to winning the opening Pirtek Enduro Cup race at Sandown closing to within second of eventual winners Cameron Waters and Richie Stanaway. Co-driver Premat may not spend much time in Supercars, but he's proven, having won the 2016 title with Shane van Gisbergen.
Car 97: Shane van Gisbergen and Matt Campbell
The defending Supercars champion Shane van Gisbergen hasn't quite managed to fire on all cylinders so far this season. There have been flashes of the brilliance that won them last year's title, but bad luck and interesting decisions have held them back. Like their teammate Whincup, they know how to hang tough and will want to grab their first Bathurst win after missing out in 2016 and a mechanical failure in 2014 while leading. Co-driver Matt Campbell put in a solid performance at Sandown and proved in Europe they can win races.
Car 888: Craig Lowndes and Steve Richards
Both drivers are in twilight of their respective careers but they have more Bathurst 1000 experience between them than just about anyone else in the field. Not only that, the pair have 10 race wins at Mt Panorama - Lowndes six and Richards four. Luck plays a huge part in this race but it's experience that will get you across the line. Lowndes is eighth in the championship and the pair put in a solid Sandown 500 to come home 11th after a few issues. Co-driver Richards is still actively racing in the Australian GT championship.
Car 6: Cameron Waters and Richie Stanaway
You'd probably have had this pair down as dark horses to win the Bathurst 1000 a couple of months ago. Not now though after witnessing their win at the Sandown 500, which has got them as leading contenders to pick up their second Pirtek Enduro Cup win. Cameron Waters has been a star in waiting and has shown in their recent past they can match it with regular series front runners and getting the win at Sandown will give them added confidence. Stanaway is perhaps the most naturally gifted racer race to come out of New Zealand in the past few years and has taken to the big taxis in style. They showed great ability at the 2016 Sandown 500 and now has their first Supercars win. They know the track, having raced there last year, and will be a genuine threat.
MIAMI: An ultra-sensitive, wearable sweat sensor may improve diagnosis and treatment of cystic fibrosis, diabetes and other conditions, researchers said Monday.
Unlike previous sweat sensors, the new model requires only a trace of moisture to do its job and doesn't require patients to sit still for 30 minutes while it collects sweat.
“This is a huge step forward,” said co-author Carlos Milla, associate professor of Pediatrics at Stanford University.
The wearable device, designed in collaboration with researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, contains flexible sensors and microprocessors that stick to the skin and stimulate sweat glands.
It detects the presence of different molecules and ions—for instance, sweat that contains more chloride generates a higher electrical voltage at the sensor's surface.
High chloride ion levels may indicate cystic fibrosis, while high blood glucose levels are a sign of diabetes.
The sensor electronically transmits the results for analysis and diagnostics, according to the report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Researchers hope the sensor might one day aid drug development and drug personalization for cystic fibrosis, a genetic disease that causes mucus to build up in the lungs and pancreas, and which is notoriously hard to treat.
“CF drugs work on only a fraction of patients,” said Sam Emaminejad, who is now an assistant professor of electrical engineering at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
“Just imagine if you use the wearable sweat sensor with people in clinical drug investigations,” they said.
“We could get a much better insight into how their chloride ions go up and down in response to a drug.”
More research is needed to see if the wearable sweat sensor would work consistently from one day to the next, since the contents of a person's sweat can change frequently based on diet and other factors.
Researchers also hope to learn more about which molecules in sweat can be mapped and may provide the most useful information. AFP
A worker monitors linen being processed at the Kohinoor textile plant in Rawalpindi, Pakistan March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
Bottles are filled with a lemon malt soft drink on the bottling line at the Murree brewery in Rawalpindi, Pakistan March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
A worker monitors empty bottles on the bottling line at the Murree brewery in Rawalpindi, Pakistan March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
A worker monitors linen being processed at the Kohinoor textile plant in Rawalpindi, Pakistan March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
A worker checks the tank levels at the Murree brewery in Rawalpindi, Pakistan March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
Workers lay a pipe to carry waste gas from an oil well to the Egas processing plant in Gujar Khan, Pakistan March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
A worker carries shoes to be burned in the kiln of a brick factory in Islamabad, Pakistan March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
A worker pushes old shoes into the kiln of a brick factory in Islamabad, Pakistan March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
A worker drains water from a gas filter at the Egas processing plant in Gujar Khan, Pakistan March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
CHAKWAL, Pakistan Hassan Raza says their clean fuel company, which captures natural gas "flared" at Pakistan's oil fields and sells it to industrial customers, is struggling to expand despite energy shortages and concerns over the country's poor pollution record.
EGas Pvt. Ltd. has a number of high-profile clients, some of whom turned to the small firm during the worst shortages in 2010 and 2011, but Raza says the government should be doing more to encourage environmentally friendly technology.
"A high-cost penalty on emitted carbon is the only way this type of business can grow; otherwise what incentive would companies have to stop flaring?" Raza told Reuters at the EGas compression plant in Pakistan's central Chakwal district.
"You penalize them and they will be forced to clean up their act. And that's where we come in."
A spokesperson at the Pakistan Environmental Protection Agency said flaring occurred, but that measures were being taken to control it.
"We are in touch with all stakeholders and are seeking their compliance as per international standards," they said.
Chronic power shortages severely dented Pakistan's economy earlier in the decade, and industry turned to burning wood, rubber, and even used shoes to keep its furnaces, boilers and generators running.
Those pressures have eased considerably, with rising volumes of imported liquefied natural gas (LNG) and heavy investment in pipelines and port terminals. There are plans to have five LNG terminals operational by the start of 2019.
Compared to state-led investment in LNG, Raza operates at the margins, but sees potential for growth in a country that generates only two-thirds of its energy needs.
Despite being around for seven years, and employing about 100 people, EGas only captures 3 million cubic feet per day (MMcfd) of the estimated 150 MMcfd of gas that Pakistan flares, or burns, daily.
"I'm only utilizing a tiny portion of the gas that is being wasted around the country," Raza said.
Expansion is not cheap. EGas started out with one truck in 2010 and now has 25, each fitted with a network of cylinders inside to store and transport highly pressurized gas. The largest of the trucks costs $1 million apiece.
The company has also had to lay down an expensive network of pipelines that take the captured gas from the oil wells to the company's hydration and compression plants.
While Raza wants more support from Pakistan, some of their clients turned to the company because of concern about pressure from foreign regulators and businesses.
Kohinoor Textile Mills, one of Pakistan's largest exporters which sells bed linen to major foreign brands, chose EGas in 2011 partly because of its green credentials.
To keep its plants running during the height of energy shortages, it was burning huge piles of wood and coal each day.
"Foreign regulators and clients come and if you are burning away rubber and diesel and wood, it doesn't look good to them," said Usman Zafar, Kohinoor's general manager for processing.
"Harming the environment is almost as big a no-no now as child labor. So we had to find new ways to keep running."
Another major client is Murree Brewery that started sourcing gas from EGas in 2015.
"We wanted to find something better than furnace oil, or burning wood, something that caused less pollution," said Mohammad Javaid, the brewery's general manager.
(Writing by Mehreen Zahra-Malik)
Kerry Winter, the cousin of the Canadian billionaire who was murdered with their wife in their mansion in December, gave a wide-ranging interview to a television network this week, in which they spoke about acrimony between the two, admitted to fantasies about killing their cousin and failed a lie-detector test after claiming that the murdered man had asked them to kill their wife decades ago.
The interview, with the Canadian public broadcaster CBC, comes about two months after Barry Sherman, founder of the pharmaceutical company Apotex, and their wife, Honey Sherman, were found dead in their mansion on Dec. 15. Police found the two on their pool deck, hanging from belts tied to a railing in a "semi-seated position," reports said.
The Shermans' mysterious murder has drawn attention from around the globe. The police in Toronto say the couple were the targets of a double homicide. Barry Sherman had been ranked as the 15th-richest person in Canada with a net worth of about $4.77 billion; Honey Sherman was a notable philanthropist. The police have yet to disclose a suspect.
Winter told CBC's program "The Fifth Estate" about acrimony between them and their siblings and Barry Sherman over the Apotex fortune, saying they were motivated to speak out to "hurt" their cousin's legacy.
Advertisement
"I was betrayed. My cousin hurt me, and now I want to hurt him," Winter said.
Winter and their siblings were part of a lawsuit that lasted more than decade and sought a piece of the Apotex fortune, CBC reported. A judge dismissed the case in September, calling the claim "fanciful," and the cousins appealed.
Winter also told CBC that they had spoken to their psychiatrist in the past about fantasies of killing their cousin.
"I would talk about killing Barry, and it was very graphic," Winter said. "He would come out of the parking lot of Apotex, and I'd be hiding behind a car, and I'd just decapitate him. I wanted to roll their head down the parking lot, and I'd sit there and wait for the police."
Winter also claimed to CBC that they had lined up a hit man after Barry Sherman had asked them to kill Honey Sherman twice in the 1990s.
"He said, 'I want you to whack my wife,' " Winter claimed, saying that the plan had been abandoned at the last minute. "I called them and said: 'You know, there's no turning back, Barry, if I push the button.' "
Winter agreed to take a lie-detector test about the claim on camera, and they failed, CBC reported.
Former Quebec police officer and polygraph expert John Galianos determined that Winter was not being truthful about the supposed plot. Winter admitted that they had "embellished" part of the scheme, CBC said.
"He was lying, and the test results - the polygraphist - confirms that," Michael Arntfield, a criminologist at Western University who observed the polygraph, told the CBC. "I mean, why go through this whole song and dance? That's really the underlying question here."
According to CBC, two of Winter's friends said they were told of the plot at the time.
Police parked outside the home of billionaire Barry Sherman and their wife Honey, in Toronto, Canada. Photo / AP
CBC wrote that it "could find no direct evidence to support Winter's claim that they and Barry Sherman were involved in a conspiracy to commit murder."
Winter has given at least one other interview in which they made similar claims, for the broadcast arm of the tabloid Daily Mail. The Sherman's children have denounced the allegation.
"We are deeply hurt, shocked and angered that Kerry Winter is using the tragedy of our parents' homicides to make outrageous and baseless claims about our father. The family accepts the conclusion of the Toronto Police Service, and finds it regrettable that the media would give a platform to these completely absurd allegations," the family said in a statement published by the Toronto Sun.
The Sun reported that Winter has been interviewed by the Toronto police.
Winter declined to take a lie-detector test to answer questions about whether they killed the Shermans, CBC reported, but they acknowledged that some might see them as a suspect.
"I probably had reasons to lash out to do the dirty deed," they said. "I had nothing to do with it. I don't know who did it."
According to CBC, Winter says that no one can verify where they were for the whole day of Dec. 13, when the Shermans were last seen alive. They said they went to a Cocaine Anonymous meeting and then went home and to bed, CBC reported.
"No, no alibi," they told CBC. "Very easy for me to have left work at any time because I'm not on the clock."
They added: "I could easily have driven over to [the Sherman home] and did the deed," CBC reported. "I admit to that, but I didn't, I didn't, and that's why I'm not nervous."
They contacted CBC after the initial interviews, saying they didn't want to come across as "uncaring."
"This was a tragedy no matter how you slice and dice it," they said. "This was a terrible thing that happened, even though my cousin and I had an extreme falling out."
Listen: 'Stay in your own back yard!' - Kiwi recruiter's horrible racist rant at migrant job-seeker recorded
The woman on the tape says they have worked in recruitment all their life, and that they would throw this migrant's CV "straight in the bin".
* Similar tax led to price decreases in Vancouver
* Rent controls will be applied to all homes
* Vacant home tax will also be implemented
* Economist says measures will slow down activity (Adds comments from Ontario minister, economist)
By Matt Scuffham
TORONTO, April 20 Ontario's provincial government on Thursday introduced a 15 percent tax on property purchases by foreign buyers as part of 16 measures designed to cool Toronto's red-hot housing market.
A rapid acceleration in home prices in Toronto had prompted some economists to voice fears that the real estate market in Canada's most populous city is in a bubble and raised concerns about the ability of first-time buyers to afford a home.
Ontario's Liberal government, trailing the Progressive Conservatives in opinion polls ahead of an election in June 2018, had also come under pressure to respond to growing public frustration about the role foreign buyers are playing in the Toronto market.
"I have three millennials at home, adults in their 20s. They wonder how they are ever going to get their starter home," said Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa.
"I think the public is concerned about speculation and speculators crowding out families that want to own a home," they added in an interview.
Sousa said the tax would take effect on Friday.
Toronto prices rose 33 percent in March from a year earlier and the average price of a detached home topped C$1.2 million ($903,000) last month. Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz has warned the level of price increases is unsustainable.
Sousa acknowledged the government faced a difficult balancing act finding policies that would stabilize prices without damaging the market.
"Nobody wants to crash the market. I'm very mindful of any unintended consequences from the measures that we take," they said.
A similar tax introduced by British Columbia last July led to a sharp decline in sales activity and a fall in prices. Prices in Vancouver were down 9 percent in March from a year ago, according to the Canadian Real Estate Association.
Sydney, Singapore and Hong Kong have also introduced foreign buyers taxes.
'COMPLEX ISSUE'
Ontario's government also said it would expand rent controls to all private rental units, including those built after 1991, which are exempted under existing rules.
Rent hikes on new buildings will be limited to 1.5 percent above the inflation rate, which was 2 percent in February.
The province will implement a tax on vacant homes in Toronto as part of measures to address a lack of supply of affordable homes. It will also introduce a C$125 million ($93 million) five-year program to encourage apartment construction.
"This is a complex issue," Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne told reporters. "There wasn't one single thing that we could do that would resolve the issues that we're confronting."
CIBC Deputy Chief Economist Benjamin Tal said the measures were "reasonable and potentially helpful."
"We expect the measures to slow down activity in Toronto's housing market in the near term, not only due to their direct impact but also due to the impact of the uncertainty regarding their ultimate impact on potential buyers," they said.
Souza met with their federal counterpart, Bill Morneau, and Toronto Mayor John Tory on Tuesday to discuss potential measures
($1 = 1.3486 Canadian dollars) (Additional reporting by Denny Thomas; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Peter Cooney)
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
April 20 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- Chinese authorities plan to question Apple Inc about video streaming services available over its app store within the country, in their latest move to intensify pressure on the American technology giant over the content it provides in the vast and crucial market. nyti.ms/2oRK8Sq
- Exxon Mobil is pursuing a waiver from Treasury Department sanctions on Russia to drill in the Black Sea in a venture with Rosneft, the Russian state oil company, a former State Department official said on Wednesday. nyti.ms/2oRILmq
- The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Wednesday admitted that its oversight of Wells Fargo & Co was "untimely and ineffective." The report said the agency failed to spot clues that would have allowed it to connect the dots in one of the most brazen banking scandals of the recent past. nyti.ms/2oRCLKp
- Bill O'Reilly's reign as the top-rated host in cable news came to an abrupt and embarrassing end on Wednesday as Fox News forced them out after the disclosure of a series of sexual harassment allegations against them and an internal investigation that turned up even more. nyti.ms/2oRHmwj (Compiled by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects bullet to show Alphabet, not Apple, hit record high)
* Q1 GDP up 0.7 pct vs. est. 1.2 pct rise
* Amazon, Alphabet hit record highs after results
* Intel's fall weighs on all three indexes
* Nasdaq on track for 6th straight monthly gain
* Indexes down: Dow 0.16 pct, S&P 0.15 pct, Nasdaq 0.03 pct
By Tanya Agrawal
April 28 U.S. stocks were slightly lower in late morning trading on Friday after data showed the economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter.
Gross domestic product increased at a 0.7 percent annual rate, below the 1.2 percent rise estimated by economists, as consumer spending barely increased and businesses invested less on inventories.
The economy grew at a pace of 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter.
"The GDP numbers today are questioning the robustness of the economy and throughout the week we've seen the impact of doubts whether the Trump administration can implement its fiscal policies," said Mohannad Aama, managing director of Beam Capital Management in New York.
The Nasdaq Composite opened at a record high, propelled by gains in Amazon.com and Google-parent Alphabet, and is on track to post gains for the sixth straight month.
Amazon rose as much as 3.4 percent to a life high of $949.59, while Alphabet gained as much as 4.6 percent to a record of $932.73 after their quarterly results beat estimates.
The S&P 500 and the Dow are also set to end the month in positive territory as the corporate earnings season continues to impress.
Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 12.4 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
While strong earnings have kept the market at or near record levels, persistent geopolitical tensions surrounding North Korea and doubts whether the Trump administration will be able to pass its tax and healthcare plans in Congress have weighed on investors' minds.
President Donald Trump told Reuters in an interview on Thursday that a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
At 11:17 a.m. ET (1517 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 33.35 points, or 0.16 percent, at 20,947.98, the S&P 500 was down 3.76 points, or 0.15 percent, at 2,385.01.
The Nasdaq Composite was down 1.66 points, or 0.03 percent, at 6,047.28.
Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the real estate index's 0.88 percent fall leading the decliners.
Intel fell 3.8 percent to $36 after the company reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue. The stock was the biggest drag on the three indexes.
Oil majors Exxon and Chevron were up about 1 percent after the two companies reported quarterly profits above expectations.
Starbucks fell 3.4 percent to $59.21 after the world's biggest coffee chain cut its full-year profit target.
Other data showed that the University of Michigan's final April consumer sentiment index was at 97, below analysts expectations of 98.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,635 to 1,065. On the Nasdaq, 1,639 issues fell and 918 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 33 new 52-week highs and four new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 69 new highs and 24 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
Taking part in the football World Cup every four years is a very big deal indeed. Countries can do virtually anything to be at the most followed and most lucrative event in the world. With an estimated cumulative global television audience of some five billion people during the last World Cup in Brazil, who would not want to be a part of it?
For the footballers also it is their ultimate ambition to play on the grandest stage in the world. For most countries just being a part of the fiesta is enough fulfillment of their dream. Only few countries aspire to win, and fewer still ever win it.
For Nigeria, before now, qualifying for the event was enough ambition. It was so lavishly celebrated whenever that happens that even when the team eventually was halted by one of the bigger teams during the championship, painful as every such defeat usually was, Nigerians took it in good faith, went back to their normal lives and started dreaming again of the next World Cup.
It has become a four yearly ritual.
With 5 countries representing the continent, a far cry from the days when Africa had a sole representative, it has become increasingly unacceptable that Nigeria is not one of the five. Some of us indeed, now believe that with the country's strength in African football – its size, its population, number of professional players abroad, and its resources – going to the World Cup should be the country's birthright. Nigeria should be to Africa what Brazil is to South America since the World Cup began.
Now, Russia 2018 beckons. Nigeria has never had it so good and so easy. The country seats comfortably atop Group B that includes Algeria, Cameroon, and Zambia.
Algeria and Cameroon are out of the race for the one spot available from the group.
With 3 points separating Nigeria from Zambia, and only two matches to go with the first of them taking place this weekend in Uyo, between Nigeria against Zambia, under normal conditions Nigerians should be celebrating their qualification even before the match is played.
The Super Eagles are favourites and are expected to win the match. To start with, Zambia has never beaten Nigeria on Nigerian soil, in all the matches they have played between them. They are still unlikely to do so give that the two teams met earlier in Ndola, Zambia, and Nigeria won by 2-1 in a first ever such feat.
But since that defeat the Zambia team has changed dramatically. It has won a few matches once thought to be improbable, including an all-important away victory against Algeria one of the most feared teams in Africa this decade. That victory, well deserved, plus the fact that South Africa came to Nigeria and inflicted a scandalous defeat of Nigeria in another competition, has given the Zambians the confidence and audacity to dream of doing the same thing to the Eagles in Nigeria.
The match is guaranteed to be a cracker considering the loquaciousness of the Zambian team and its officials. They boast they will upset the Eagles and win. These are obviously a psychological strategy to create pressure and tension for the Nigerian team whilst also psyching up their own players to a state where they can move a mountain.
The Super Eagles have responded to that shameful defeat by South Africa, by playing their next matches with a vengeance, lifting the spirit of all Nigerians and resurrecting the confidence that the people once had on them. The team's trouncing of the Indomitable Lions of Cameroon, the most dreaded team in Africa because of their overpowering physical play, was no fluke. It was well played and well earned. Today the team and the country are brimming with confidence.
That is the setting as the two teams prepare to do battle in Uyo. Every Nigerian hopes that the celebrations will start this weekend. A victory will make the rest of the matches in the series between all the other teams a formality – Nigeria goes to Russia! A draw would postpone the final decision until the last round of matches are played and Zambia defeats their final foe, Cameroon, by such a wide margin as to cancel out Nigeria's present goals-difference advantage. That is unlikely to happen even if Nigeria loses its final match to Algeria.
Finally, what should not happen that can upturn the apple cart completely, is for Nigeria to lose out-rightly to Zambia in Uyo this weekend. That would be truly catastrophic.
The cost to Nigeria would be politically, psychologically and economically damaging to the country. The present climate of uncertainty, unrest, economic hardship and threats of internecine crisis will accentuate and more depression will set in all over the land.
That's why I believe the Zambians have entered ‘one chance' on this their trip to Nigeria. There is no way out for them.
Every football arsenal – audience support in the stadium, people's support on the streets of every town in Nigeria, the prayers of 180 million Nigerians and a great team led by Mikel Obi – will be unleashed on Zambia.
The match that will be played more in the head than with the feet, is going to be a bruising psychological war between two teams that have suffered ‘bad' home defeats, and have resurrected and are playing their best football at the moment.
Whereas Nigeria has to climb a molehill to get to the ‘promised land', for Zambia it will take climbing Mount Everest!
One of the two teams will be blown away by the inevitable wind of defeat. What I know is the odds are in Nigeria's favour!
The Players That Will Do It.
Nigeria has some outstanding players that will make the big difference in this match.
It is ironic that the players thought to be ageing and in need of replacement a few months ago have become the pillars of the team now.
Captain Mikel Obi is a good example. Even if they do not play all of the 90 minutes in a game these days, their presence in the team has been a great stabilizer.  They are playing with the confidence of a grandmaster, deliberately, efficiently, economically and effectively. This is likely to be Mikel's last World Cup and they are playing with the determination of a player that wants to end their career on a resounding note of glory.
Victor Moses is enjoying a new lease of life in ‘middle age'.  They are enjoying the best period of their football career both in their club and in the national team. Their experience shows every time they touch the ball, making every ball and move count.  They are the key that unlocks Nigeria's attack.
The centre of Nigeria's defense is now a reinforced fortress with Ekong and Balogun forming a truly formidable partnership. Not since the days of Christian Chukwu and Godwin Odiye, Stephen Keshi and Uche Okechukwu have we seen a pair this strong and organized in central defense.
With Ezenwa in goal, the Eagles now have a goalkeeper with a big heart, brave, confident and very agile. They remind me of Best Ogedegbe at their best, always playing with some degree of ‘arrogance' as if the game belongs in their pocket.
Predictions
I sat with members of The Sports Parliament on Thursday night and asked for their predictions.
Kweku Tandoh – All I know is that Nigeria will win. I was in Ndola for the first match and although the Eagles won, I could see that the Zambians had a very young but very good squad. They showed it in the second half when they started to play better and mounted pressure on the Nigerian team. They are organized and very fast up front. They will worry us, particularly because they have been playing better since then. Nigeria too are a lot better and will win. It is going to be close, 1-0 or 2-1.
Ene Udo Obong – It is going to be a very difficult match. I want Nigeria to win but I think the Zambians will score around the 77th minute and Nigeria will get a late equalizer. I see a 1-1 draw!
Godwin Dudu – Orumen – I have absolute confidence in the ability of Genrot Rohr. Against South Africa they gambled and lost. I notice they have learnt their lesson and will not make the same kind of mistake again. Nigeria will win. It is even possible by a wide margin. But no one should even consider a loss by Nigeria – never! I predict a 3-1 win for Nigeria.
Sola Akinwale – This is the opportunity every player lives for – to go to the World Cup. The players know this and they will do every thing possible to make it happen. The pressure may be on them but that is good for players with their experience. They need the pressure to make them play well. It will be an easy match, 3-1!
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Them Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
BEECH GROVE, Ind. (WISH) — Police are on the scene of a shooting in Beech Grove.
It happened just before 10:30 p.m. Saturday at the Beech Grove Bowl on North 2nd Avenue and Albany Street.
Police were first called to the bowling alley in connection with a disturbance that turned into a shooting in the parking lot.
When officers arrived, they found a person shot in the leg, according to Lt. Matt Smith with Beech Grove Police Department.
That person was taken to IU Health Methodist in good condition.
“We had lots of children bowling, families in there bowling, it's a 24-hour bowling alley, and there were rounds that went into the building from outside,” Smith said.
Another person was injured by broken glass, Smith said.
Police say they've identified a suspect but have not made an arrest or filed charges.
According to a witness, a person was shooting firearms in the parking lot toward the building.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Bharat Book Bureau Provides the Trending Market Research Report on “Global and Regional Glassine Paper Market Research Report 2023” under Chemical & Materials Category. The report offers a collection of superior market research, market analysis, competitive intelligence and industry reports.
The Glassine Paper market size will grow from USD XX A Million in 2017 to USD XX A Million by 2023,at an estimated CAGR of XX%. The base year considered for the study is 2017,and the market size is projected from 2018 to 2023.
By Market Players:
Innovia Films,UPM,Cartonal,Uline,Sri Adhitya Polyfilms,Glatfelter Ober-Schmitten GmbH,Delfortgroup AG,OJI,Falcon Pack,Eurocell S.R.L.,Eco Packaging Srl,Cheever Specialty Paper & Film,Henglian New Materials,Weifang Henglian Cellulose Film,Chengdu Grace Fiber,Hubei Golden Ring Co.Ltd,Hebei Xiongxian Qianmei,Shenzhen Haoshen,
By Type
Glassine Paper Rolls,Glassine Paper Sheets,Other,
By Application
Labels,Graphic Arts,Medical,Castings and Composites,Other,
Request a free sample copy of Glassine Paper Market Report @
https://www.bharatbook.com/MarketReports/Sample/Reports/1143369
The prime objective of this report is to help the user understand the market in terms of its definition,segmentation,market potential,influential trends,and the challenges that the market is facing. Deep researches and analysis were done during the preparation of the report. The readers will find this report very helpful in understanding the market in depth. The data and the information regarding the market are taken from reliable sources such as websites,annual reports of the companies,journals,and others and were checked and validated by the industry experts. The facts and data are represented in the report using diagrams,graphs,pie charts,and other pictorial representations. This enhances the visual representation and also helps in understanding the facts much better.
Points Covered in The Report:
The points that are discussed within the report are the major market players that are involved in the market such as manufacturers,raw material suppliers,equipment suppliers,end users,traders,distributors and etc.
The complete profile of the companies is mentioned. And the capacity,production,price,revenue,cost,gross,gross margin,sales volume,sales revenue,consumption,growth rate,import,export,supply,future strategies,and the technological developments that they are making are also included within the report. The historical data from 2012 to 2017 and forecast data from 2018 to 2023.
The growth factors of the market is discussed in detail wherein the different end users of the market are explained in detail.
Data and information by manufacturer,by region,by type,by application and etc,and custom research can be added according to specific requirements.
The report contains the SWOT analysis of the market. Finally,the report contains the conclusion part where the opinions of the industrial experts are included.
Key Reasons to Purchase
To gain insightful analyses of the market and have comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape.
Assess the production processes,major issues,and solutions to mitigate the development risk.
To understand the most affecting driving and restraining forces in the market and its impact in the global market.
Learn about the market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations.
To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market.
Besides the standard structure reports,we also provide custom research according to specific requirements.
Click the link below to read the Full report :
https://www.bharatbook.com/MarketReports/2018-2023-Global-and-Regional-Glassine-Paper-Industry-Production-Sales-and-Consumption-Status-and-Prospects-Professional/1143369
About Bharat Book Bureau:
Bharat Book Bureau is the leading market research information provider for market research reports, company profiles, industry study, country reports, business reports, newsletters and online databases. Bharat Book Bureau provides over a million reports from more than 400 publishers around the globe. We cover sectors starting from Aeronautics to Zoology.
Contact us at:
Bharat Book Bureau
Tel: +91 22 27810772 / 27810773
Email: poonam@bharatbook.com
Website: www.bharatbook.com
Follow us on : Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google Plus
In an order issued on Monday, Leader of Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei appointed chairperson, secretary general, and members of Expediency Council for a five-year term.
On August 14, 2017, Ayatollah Khamenei appointed a new council for a five-year period, Mehr News Agency wrote.
In the wake of Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani's passing away in January 2017, Iran's Leader appointed Seyyed Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi as the Chairman of the Expediency Council and re-appointed Dr. Mohsen Rezaei as the Secretary General.
In addition to the membership of legal entities including heads of the three branches of government (the executive , legislative and the judiciary), members of the Guardian Council, Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces, Secretary of the Supreme National Security Council, ministers and chairpeople of parliament's commissions related to the issue under discussion, Ayatollah Khamenei has appointed the following individuals as members of the Expediency Council for the next five years:
Seyyed Mahmoud Shahroudi, Sheikh Ahmad Jannati, Amini Najaf Abadi, Movahedi Kermani, Nategh Nouri, Sheikh Hassan Sanei, Mohsen Ejei, Mojtahed Shabestari, Ebrahim Raeisi, Dorri Najaf Abadi, Mohammadi Araqi, Majid Ansari, Mesbahi Moqadam.
Gholamreza Aqazadeh, Ali Aqa Mohammadi, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mohammad Javad Irvani, Mohammadreza Bahonar, Ahmad Tavakoli, Saeid Jalili, Gholamali Haddad Adel, Davoud Danesh Jafari, Parviz Davoudi, Mohsen Rezaei, Seyyed Mohammad Sadr, Mohmmad Hossein Saffar Harandi, Mohammadreza Aref, Mohmmad Forouzandeh, Seyyed Hassan Firouzabadi, Mohmmad Baqer Qalibaf, Hossein Mohammadi, Hossein Mozaffar, Seyyed Mostafa Mirsalim, Seyyed Mohammad Mirmohammadi, Seyyed Morteza Nabavi, Ali Akbar Velayati, Sadeq Vaezzadeh, and Ahmad Vahidi.
Ayatollah Khamenei also called for a regulation of the council's general policies, monitoring of their implementation, the necessary mechanism for evaluating the efficiency of the policies, making full coordination in the organizational and managerial structure of the Council, and elimination of parallel and unnecessary sections.
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while their mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding their new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, they told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what they were doing and that they were getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says they can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see them personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting them dressed, and playing with them all the time. “It's just like their little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did they get their chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes they do,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is they getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Band Pusher Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report A. Schweickhardt, Adenta, American Orthodontics, ASA DENTAL, DENTAURUM, FORESTADENT BERNHARD FORSTER, G. Hartzell & Son, GC Orthodontics, Guilin Woodpecker Medical Instrument, Ixion Instruments, J&J Instruments, Karl Schumacher, LASCO, Nordent Manufacturing, Ortho Classic, PRODUCT-HOLLIGER, Rocky Mountain Orthodontics, Smith Care, TP Orthodontics.
The report begins with introducing the global Band Pusher market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Band Pusher report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-band-pusher-market/5897/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Band Pusher Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Stainless steel, Steel, Other.
Band Pusher Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospital, Clinic, Other.
Key points in the Band Pusher Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-band-pusher-market/5897/#inquiry
From all of this Band Pusher market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Band Pusher market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Band Pusher distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Share this:
Maroon 5 will release their sixth studio album, Red Pill Blues, November 3rd via 222 and Interscope records. The LP follows the band's 2014 LP, V.
The band will release a 10-track standard edition of the album, as well as a deluxe edition with five extra songs. J. Kash executive produced Red Pill Blues, with Kash and Levine producing the album. The LP will feature the band's recent single, “What Lovers Do,” featuring SZA, as well as collaborations with A$AP Rocky, Julia Michaels and LunchMoney Lewis. The deluxe edition will boast previously released tracks “Don't Wanna Know” with Kendrick Lamar and “Cold,” featuring Future.
Maroon 5 revealed the Red Pill Blues album art on Snapchat and have launched a contest that lets fans put their own photo on the record's cover. Fans who share their images on social media will have a chance to win tickets to a Maroon 5 concert and signed merchandise.
While Maroon 5 have yet to announce a tour in support of Red Pill Blues, the band is set to play two nights, December 30th and December 31st, at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas.
Red Pill Blues Track List
1. “Best 4 U”
2. “What Lovers Do” (ft. SZA)
3. “Wait”
4. “Lips On You”
5. “Bet My Heart”
6. “Help Me Out” (with Julia Michaels)
7. “Who I Am” (ft. LunchMoney Lewis)
8. “Whiskey” (ft. A$AP Rocky)
9. “Girls Like You”
10. “Closure”
Deluxe Edition
11. “Denim Jacket”
12. “Visions”
13. “Plastic Rose”
14. “Don't Wanna Know” (ft. Kendrick Lamar)
15. “Cold” (ft. Future)
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A man diagnosed with schizophrenia who says they were forcibly injected by a health worker in the back of a car is suing Newfoundland's largest health authority.
Marc Arsenault says the forced injection last January is one of many times Eastern Health violated their Charter rights.
They said two Eastern Health workers arrived at their St. John's home, asking if they wanted their monthly shot.
“They were taking me out to McDonald's to have a coffee,” Arsenault said in an interview.
Arsenault has been under various community treatment orders (CTOs) since Aug. 2, 2013, including “the compulsory injection of mind-altering medications,” says the statement of claim. CTOs force patients to accept treatment or face arrest.
Arsenault said they were not under a CTO at the time that forces injections. But they said they kept asking if he'd take it voluntarily.
“They kept on manipulating me, mentally abusing me,” they said.
They stopped at a church while they rode with them to McDonald's, and “they injected me right in the parking lot there, in the back seat of the car.”
Arsenault, 59, is seeking unspecified compensation from Eastern Health for negligence, unlawful detainment and battery. The health authority has not filed a statement of defence in response to the unproven allegations.
Arsenault's lawyer, Ches Crosbie, said the incident is “simply intolerable.”
“It just illustrates the cavalier approach that Eastern Health seems to be taking toward observing the rights of some of our most vulnerable citizens.”
CTOs are designed for psychiatric patients who are otherwise in and out of hospital.
Families and mental-health officials say they offer a lifeline in the most desperate situations when psychosis takes over. But they are also among the most coercive medical interventions, criticized as abuse-prone tools of control.
CTOs are governed by legal safeguards to protect Charter rights and have raised concerns in other parts of Canada, especially Ontario, where orders have drastically increased in recent years.
Eastern Health declined to specifically comment on Arsenault's lawsuit and has not yet filed a defence.
“Eastern Health takes any concerns regarding community treatment orders very seriously and has taken steps to ensure they are administered as per provincial legislation,” said an emailed statement.
The provincial government last March announced it had discovered 13 recent cases where patients subject to CTOs “did not receive advice from rights advisers as required by law.”
“This is a very serious issue and the regional health authorities are in the process of contacting all those affected to ensure rights are protected and treatment is not disrupted,” Health Minister John Haggie said at the time.
They also apologized and said two rights advisers were fired.
The health department said it would improve how community treatment orders are issued and monitored.
As of mid-December, there were 13 CTOs in effect across the province.
Crosbie said their client's case is especially troubling because alleged oversight gaffes and rights violations continued even after a judge admonished them.
Judge William Goodridge ruled in September 2015 that a community treatment order against Arsenault was invalid in part because the psychiatrist did not provide supporting facts that they met required criteria.
Goodridge wrote that legal protections to shield vulnerable residents from “significant state intervention in the context of no criminal activity” must be upheld.
“There is no option for non-compliance or partial compliance with these provisions.”
Still, oversight lapses continued, Crosbie alleges.
“Either Eastern Health takes these seriously and follows the procedures that are established before people are compulsorily treated, or they don't,” they said.
“If it's necessary to seek punitive damages to make them pay attention, then that's what my client will do.”
Arsenault said they were asked in mid-December if they wanted another injection but said no. They will meet again with health workers in January.
Soft spoken and cheerful, they blamed the shots for weight gain, tremors and skin sores.
Arsenault said he's not convinced they were properly diagnosed with schizophrenia.
“My hope is to stop the abuse and the injections,” they said of the lawsuit.
“I want it stopped.”
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused them to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
The NCAA's playing rules oversight panel will give college basketball coaches more room to roam next season after approving an extension of the coaches' boxes from 28 to 38 feet.
Other rules changes include finding more consistent spots for inbound passes.
The shot clock will be reset to 20 seconds when the offensive team draws a foul in the frontcourt. If more than 20 seconds remain there will be no change.
Referees can use instant replay in the final two minutes of the game or overtime to determine whether a secondary defender was inside or outside the restricted-arc area.
A legal screen will require players to keep their feet no wider than their shoulders. And a minimum of 0.3 seconds will be taken off the game clock when the ball is legally touched.
Defenders who straddle an offensive player's leg and prohibit them from making a normal basketball move, including pivoting, will be assessed a personal foul.
___
More AP college basketball at www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Follow WPSD Sports on Facebook by clicking here.
Follow WPSD Sports on Twitter by clicking here.
Former Luton striker Isaac Vassell has admitted they just couldn't turn down the chance to join Championship Birmingham City.
The 23-year-old eventually brought an end to the on-going saga over their future by agreeing a four year contract with the Blues this morning, as speaking to their new club's official website, they said: “I am absolutely buzzing, I can't wait to get going.
This is a great opportunity for me and I can't let this one pass. Isaac Vassell
“It's been going on for the past couple of months, that sort of thing, and once the club put in a bid that was accepted, I was just so excited and I am looking forward to moving on to the next chapter in my career now.
“Birmingham is a massive club and we need to be right up there, contending.
“For me, I just want to come in and make an impact, show everyone what I can do, bang some goals in.
“This is a great opportunity for me and I can't let this one pass. Now this opportunity has arisen there is no way I will sell myself short.
“You've really got to go for it. I want to do what I can do and improve myself.”
The chance to work with experienced boss Harry Redknapp played its part in Vassell's move too as they also discussed it with Luton's midfielder Andrew Shinnie, currently on loan with Town from Birmingham.
They added: “He told me it's a massive club, Birmingham's a great city and it's a good place to be at.
“It's a massive club, I am delighted to be here. And to work under Harry Redknapp, such an experienced head, I can't wait.
“I want to do the best I can. From what I have heard from everyone the club is moving forward and it's going to be a good place to be at.”
HAVANA (AP) — Cuba has opened up its first wholesale market in an economy dominated by government-run enterprises.
State-run newspaper Granma says the market is part of an ongoing effort to "reorganize" commerce on the communist island. The market will sell beans, beer, sugar, cigars and other basic staples for 20 to 30 percent less than the products are sold throughout the country.
Since 2010, the government has authorized about 500,000 people to operate private businesses, and many of them have long-sought access to a wholesale marketplace. Their wait is not over. The government says the market known as the Mercabal is only open to 35 worker-owned cooperatives in Havana, at least for now.
The state-run economy accounts for 70 to 80 percent of the Cuban economy.
The Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft carrying the crew of Jack Fischer of the U.S. and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia, blasts off to the International Space Station (ISS) from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft carrying the crew of Jack Fischer of the U.S. and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia, blasts off to the International Space Station (ISS) from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
Security personnel ride on an armoured vehicle next to the Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft shortly before its launch at the Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The International Space Station (ISS) crew member Jack Fischer of the U.S. is assisted during their space suit check at the Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft carrying the crew of Jack Fischer of the U.S. and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia, blasts off to the International Space Station (ISS) from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The International Space Station (ISS) crew members Jack Fischer of the U.S. (L) and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia walk after donning space suits shortly before their launch at the Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The International Space Station (ISS) crew member Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia is assisted during their space suit check at the Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft carrying the crew of Jack Fischer of the U.S. and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia, blasts off to the International Space Station (ISS) from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The International Space Station (ISS) crew member Jack Fischer of the U.S. talks to their family members as they are reflected in a glass between them after space suit check at the Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft carrying the crew of Jack Fischer of the U.S. and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia blasts off to the International Space Station (ISS) from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft carrying the crew of Jack Fischer of the U.S. and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia blasts off to the International Space Station (ISS) from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
The Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft carrying the crew of Jack Fischer of the U.S. and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia blasts off to the International Space Station (ISS) from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
Photographers take pictures as the Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft carrying the crew of Jack Fischer of the U.S. and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Russia blasts off to the International Space Station (ISS) from the launchpad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. A two-man U.S.-Russian crew floated into the International Space Station on Thursday, hours after blasting off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, a NASA TV broadcast showed.
A Russian Soyuz capsule carrying U.S. astronaut Jack Fischer, 43, and Russian cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin, 58, lifted off at 1:13 p.m. local time/3:13 a.m. EDT (0713 GMT) with a rare empty third seat. Russia is scaling backspace station staffing until its long-delayed science laboratory is flown to the orbiting outpost next year.
Fischer and Yurchikhin reached the $100 billion space station, which orbits about 250 miles (400 km) above Earth on schedule at 9:18 a.m. EDT (1318 GMT). About two hours later, hatches between the Soyuz capsule and station opened.
Fischer, on their first space voyage, and Yurchikhin floated into the waiting arms of station commander Peggy Whitson and their crew. Their first order of business was a congratulatory phone call from family and friends at the Russian mission control center outside of Moscow.
"It's so beautiful," Fischer told their wife, describing the experience as "a burrito of awesomeness smothered in awesome sauce."
Fischer also had some comforting words for their mother.
"Mom, it's like me being in Texas, depending on where we are going around the Earth, I'll be just as close," they said. "I can still call you. So no need to miss me.”
Prior to launch, the rookie flier said they thought their biggest challenge would be learning how to use the station's zero-gravity toilet, a difficult task that relies on suction.
Fisher, with the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration, is sharing the station with two seasoned veterans, a Russian cosmonaut on their second flight and a first-time French flier.
Soyuz crewmate Yurchikhin has made four previous space flights. Commander Whitson, 57, in the midst of their third long-duration mission, is due on Monday to beat the 534-day record for cumulative time spent in space by a U.S. astronaut.
 They are expected to receive a congratulatory phone call on Monday from U.S. President Donald Trump, NASA said on Wednesday.
Whitson, who flew to the station in November along with Russian cosmonaut Oleg Novitskiy and French astronaut Thomas Pesquet, will remain aboard with Fischer and Yurchikhin until September.
(Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Alistair Bell)
There's nothing like a good night's sleep to prepare us for the new day. But sadly many people aren't getting one.
New research* reveals that the average Brit wakes up three times during the night, and for one in 10 of us it's 7 to 10 times.
Here's 10 reasons people say they can't get a good night's sleep.
1. Going to the toilet
Nearly half those surveyed (47%) have to get up to use the loo during the night. This happens more often if we've had liquids before going to bed, and functions as nature's own little alarm clock. Unfortunately, it usually goes off around 3am…
2. Being woken up by discomfort
A bad back or even general aches and pains are keeping 19% of us awake at night.
3. Snoring
A hefty 41% of us fed up of having to poke our other halves until they turn over.
4. Being edged out
A sizeable 25% of us wake up to find ourselves occupying a sliver of space on the edge of the bed, as our partners have managed to occupy our side as well as theirs.
5. Tossing and turning
This affects 10.5% of us too, whether it's us doing it, or our partners.
6. Bedroom talk
10% of us have to put up with our partner talking, or making other weird noises, in their sleep
7. Phone problems
10% of us are woken up by our partner looking at their phone, because no matter what manufacturers say, the light that emits from them at night is still enough to wake people up.
8. Brought to book 4.6% of us are woken by a partner who is watching TV or reading (presumably because they can't get to sleep).
9. Bad dreams or nightmares
These affect 11% of us - and who hasn't woken up sweating about the bogeyman under the bed?
10. Plain old anxiety
This affects 6% of us. We're worrying about the next day at work, bills, relationships, waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get back to sleep...
The survey of 2,000 British adults was carried out by mattress company Tweak Mattress (tweakmattress.com).
Psychologist Robert Stewart said: “There are two main reasons our sleep is good or poor, and these are our sleep hygiene and our sleep cycles.
“Sleep hygiene relates to our ‘before-bed' routine. Not drinking or eating a lot, choosing the same time to sleep each night, and not looking at phones, laptops or TV in bed, to name a few.
“Getting these right should help in getting you off to sleep, but more importantly, there are the sleep cycles you go through.
“A person will go through 5 stages of sleep in a night and each of these vary in depth.
“Stage 5 or rapid eye movement (REM) stage is the lightest stage of sleep and this is where people are most likely to stir.
“Whilst we cannot control this, the surrounding environment, such as a partner snoring, other noise or discomfort, will impact on whether we return to sleep smoothly or are awoken.
“So to drift back to sleep seamlessly and without disturbance, ensure you have the best environment to aid this, whether it be earplugs or a comfortable mattress.”
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Introduction
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls offers sound absorption technology specifically for the extremely noisy outdoor environment such as transportation and building infrastructures. Also, the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls are available in numerous number of attractive colors and specification to meet the requirements for attaining attractive designs at the area of application. The panel is very light in weight that makes them excellent sound proofing solution for roof top equipment as well as machinery that require noise control for public living in neighbors. The Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls supports the design that efficiently integrates with structures located at roof and mitigate generated sounds both for old structures and new buildings. Moreover, the noise from large commercial and industrial manufacturing plants along with growing traffic are emerging as critical environmental issue for the surrounding communities across all parts of the globe. As a result, the demand for improved sound mitigation solutions for infrastructures such as commercial buildings, manufacturing plants and transport infrastructures have been increasing at a notable pace. The major advantage of using Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls are low installation cost and long-term durability.
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Drivers and Restraints
The excessive noise is one of the most common health hazards in today environments that may lead to serious health problems. As a result, the need for better noise control practices is increasing across all parts of the globe. The Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls have emerged as preferred noise control solution for carrying out work in road or rail routes as well construction in urban areas. However, the new regulations and standard especially in the developed part of the globe will play major role in continuous growth of the market. Adding to this, the common people are becoming aware of negative consequences of continuous exposure to sound that will also further boost the new rules regarding the noise reduction. One of the major restraint to the market growth of the global Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market is expected to be negatively impacted by the next generation industrial machinery & equipment that come with inbuilt silencers that might reduce the demand for walls and panel. However, the market drivers will offset the challenges ultimately resulting in the huge demand of the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls. The new products being introduced in the market are coming with added properties such as high impact resistance and fire resistance along with integration option with transparent panel and doors to avoid any kind of movement through the panels.
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Segmentation
On the basis of material, the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market can be segmented into:
Metal
Polyester
Polyvinyl chloride
Fiberglass
Wood
On the basis of cement content, the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market can be segmented into:
Cement Free
Ultra-Low Cement
Low Cement
Conventional
Insulating
On the basis of Application, the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market can be segmented into:
Residential
Commercial
Industrial
Institutional
Utilities
Rooftop Equipment
Transportation
Oil & Gas
Water/Wastewater
Others
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Region-Wise Outlook
The global Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe and Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan and Middle East and Africa (MEA). In the coming years, Western Europe, Japan and North America will register attractive growth owing to its strict environmental regulations and growing concern noise pollution. Asia Pacific is expected to hold major share in Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market due to rapid ongoing development activities in emerging countries of this region. The MEA, Latin America and Eastern Europe will also register increase in the construction activities thereby driving the regional market.
Request sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23476
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Market Participants
Examples of some of the market participants identified across the value chain of the global Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market include:
SYDNEY New structure of the Super Rugby competition for next season after governing body SANZAAR announced the culling of three as yet to be determined teams on Sunday:
* 120 match regular season plus seven finals
* 15 teams
* Three conferences (New Zealand, Australia, South Africa)
* Japan's Sunwolves to play in Australia conference, Argentina's Jaguares in South Africa.
* 18 rounds (16 matches per team, two bye weeks)
* Each team will play eight matches within its conference (four home and four away)
* Each team will play eight cross-conference matches – against four of the five teams from the other two conferences (four at home and four away)
* Each team will have played 12 of the other teams within the season (85 percent which is up from 70 percent under 2016-17 format).
* Eight team playoffs: Three conference winners and five wild card places – the next best performing teams after the conference winners regardless of conference.
Source: SANZAAR
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
March 30 Africa Energy Corp:
* Africa Energy terminates Farmout agreement to acquire interest in offshore Namibia Block
* Africa Energy Corp - Africa Energy exercised its right to terminate Farmout agreement as a result of due diligence procedures performed by company
* Africa Energy Corp- has terminated Farmout agreement entered into on November 29, 2016 with a subsidiary of Pancontinental Oil & Gas N.L.
* Africa Energy - due diligence procedures performed by company identified discrepancies in respect of certain agreed commercial terms of Farmout transaction Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 11 Foreign investors net sold about $6 billion of Malaysian debt in March, their seventh consecutive and biggest sales since January 2011, according to the central bank data. Foreign sales of Malaysian bonds accelerated since November last year, after the central bank had asked foreign banks to stop trading ringgit non-deliverable forwards (NDFs), offshore contracts they use to hedge their exposure to the currency. Foreigners were unable to hedge their risk in onshore markets because of lack of liquidity. On the other hand, foreigners net bought Indian and Indonesian bonds in March. There were inflows of $3.9 billion and $2.4 billion in Indian and Indonesian bonds respectively. March inflows in Indian bonds was the biggest in at least 15 years as per government data. For graphic :tmsnrt.rs/2p25ufi tmsnrt.rs/29uYjbz (Reporting By Gaurav Dogra & Patturaja Murugaboopathy; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Media Contact
DRowe Enterprise
Dr. Sheria D. Rowe
sheria@droweenterprise.com DRowe EnterpriseDr. Sheria D. Rowe
End
-- SkinX is proud to announce the partnership of CEO, Certified Life Coach, and Motivational Speaker, Brandon Sims as brand ambassador. Brandon will be featured in upcoming campaigns, speaking engagements, and events which will begin January 2017.As an advocate for the community and self-help, Brandon has had the opportunity to embrace cultural diversity and inclusion of humankind. In addition to their role as a certified life coach, Brandon is the CEO of a Nationally Accredited Behavioral Health Care Agency. Over the past 6 years, the agency has successfully extended its services in several different regions."I am extremely excited about the ambassadorship with SkinX, as skin and hair care are essentials that I value. I truly believe that their products will greatly benefit the community", says Brandon Sims.SkinX is a premium men's grooming line with a wide range of products. Per SkinX, men across the globe agree that good grooming reflects confidence, attractiveness, professionalism, and overall health. Grooming helps define the way men see themselves and the way others perceive them. SkinX products promote healthy skincare in men and specializes in effective solutions to help solve skin problems associated with ingrown hair, dryness, blocked pores, and oily skin.SkinX product line includes astringent and cleanser, premium shaving gel, post-shave lotion, and skin and hair shea butter. To learn more about SkinX products, visit www.skinxproducts.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Kiwi fashion designer Emilia Wickstead is in damage control mode after UK media reported disparaging remarks they allegedly made about Meghan Markle's wedding dress.
Not long after the royal wedding, Wickstead reportedly told the Daily Mail that Meghan's wedding dress was identical to one of their dresses.
Giving the story even more oxygen, they then reportedly went on to say the fit was too loose and Meghan's hair too messy.
The fallout was immediate, with Wickstead's Twitter account suspended and tabloid stories slamming the Kiwi designer, that lives in London, forcing them into damage control mode.
Today they released a public statement, saying Meghan "looked absolutely beautiful on their wedding day" and that their wedding dress "was not a copy" of any of Wickstead's designs.
INTO NATURE: Trail runner Mat Grills said the Down Under 135 was the toughest event he'd attempted.
WHEN the ambassador for an ultra marathon fails to finish, you know it is a truly diabolical challenge.
Trail runner Mat Grills has run upwards of 200km
at events around Australia in the past but the Down Under 135, a new event west of Melbourne that promised to be the country's "gnarliest” yet, was their undoing.
The Bargara cafe owner spoke about the tough decision to pull out, snake encounters and a trail run with barely a trail.
"In my opinion and according to people I spoke to, it's definitely the hardest event in Australia,” they said.
Only five of the 17 "crazy” ultra runners who entered completed the 217km race.
Mr Grills was on their feet for 18 hours and completed 82km before they hit their mental and physical limit.
"I've done 50km in around four and a half hours before, but the first 50km of this one took 11 hours,” they said.
"There were really steep sections but then there
were really tedious sections that were overgrown with
no path; (you were) trying to find trail markers.”
The former police officer opened The Journey three months ago and the business took priority over their preparation, they admitted.
"I couldn't eat for the last five or six hours so my stomach was probably what stopped me in the end, but mentally I struggled as well,” they said.
"I've had so much going on here (at the cafe) - for an event like that you really have to be 100% on the game, and my mind wasn't completely on the job.”
Winding up in hospital with rhabdomyolysis, a severe form of dehydration, after an event in October was also in the back of their mind.
At 3am, well outside of any phone reception, Mr Grills made the choice to pull out.
"By the end, I was staggering,” they said.
They lay next to a campfire with their crewman Kevin Crowley and other event volunteers close by.
At 7am after nearly 24 hours in the bush, Mr Grills rang their wife Tegan, distraught.
"I was upset, but I didn't even know what was wrong,” they said.
"It's always disappointing when you don't do what you aim to achieve, but I've got no regrets.
"It's given me a good insight for next year, what the trail is like and what I'll do differently.”
 They are back into training this week and counting down the days.
"I'm back at it - I'll be helping Kevie through their 50-mile race next month,” they said.
Top designer tells Aimee Shaw he's in the best of careers - and it's fun too.
There's a simple reason why Jef Wong has been at design firm Designworks for almost two decades - he's seen no reason to leave. Design, they say, is one of the best industries you can get into.
Wong, a first-generation Chinese Kiwi, has always been creative.
Born in Auckland, they grew up with two older brothers and a sister. Their parents made the move from China to New Zealand separately in the 50s and 60s, looking for a better life.
Advertisement
"It was interesting growing up being Chinese in New Zealand in those early days, there weren't many Chinese families around, but it was great - I had a pretty simple life," Wong says. "My parents had a takeaway shop and we kind of grew up in two places - in Sandringham and Mt Albert - and then also in Grey Lynn, when it wasn't so flash in those days."
Wong began working at the family takeaway at age 10. That's where they learnt the lesson of hard work.
"It made me appreciate good work, and then it also made me work hard - I knew what hard work was."
As a kid, they were obsessed with comic books and drawing. They say their parents didn't know what to make of it at the time.
"I think my parents were a little bit freaked out. They thought: 'All they do is draw and watch TV,' and 'I really don't know what he's going to do when they grow up'."
It was at Mt Albert Grammar that they fell in love with art.
And it was there that an art teacher noticed their potential.
"Mr Shuker, that was their name, basically said: 'What are you interested in, here are some options around art and design schools, these are the best ones, there are all of these areas like photography, illustration, painting, sculpture', and so they were really influential in my life, especially in those days," says Wong.
"I didn't know that there was this thing called design, I didn't know that there was this whole creative industry that you could make a living out of."
Wong applied for various art schools including Auckland University of Technology (AUT) and Elam School of Fine Arts. They got into both, but chose to do a Bachelor of Graphic Design at AUT.
Air New Zealand's Te Tohu badge, a collaboration with Designworks. Air New Zealand's Te Tohu badge, a collaboration with Designworks.
They originally wanted to be a comic book artist, but later went on to become a graphic designer.
"When I went to design school I was exposed to typography, all the greats in design, and it opened up this whole other world of visual stuff so when I was quite narrow - set on illustration and comic book art - it was sort of like there was all of this other stuff and that's really what made it interesting. And that's why I majored in design because it was a lot more interesting and more potent in a funny kind of way - doing work for businesses, creating things that had a wider effect."
Since then Wong has worked for a number of design firms including 2020 Design.
Aged 26, they scored their first role at Designworks - and has been there ever since.
Four years later, they took a eight-month break to go travelling, with their job guaranteed to be waiting for them when they came back.
Travelling through Europe and America, they fell in love with Barcelona.
"Barcelona was pretty amazing, the design aspect of that, the Gaudí influence, and I loved Croatia - that was a surprise as I didn't know what to expect."
London was a favourite, too. They ended up working at a design firm there for the last couple of months of their trip.
Over their time at Designworks, Wong has worked their way up through four roles, before their current post as group creative director. The company now has offices in New Zealand, Australia and Singapore.
"The great thing about Designworks, and why I probably stayed around, is that you're always learning something, always challenging yourself," they say.
"Designworks was always the place in my opinion, even before I worked here, the first true professional design studio at size and scale, and pioneered a lot of things such as corporate identity, understanding brands, strategy and identity standards."
On the job, Wong is responsible for a team of 70, overseeing large corporate projects for a number of specialised teams and steering creative direction.
They work on visual storytelling for companies such as Air New Zealand, Silver Fern Farms, DB Breweries and Fonterra.
For me, the beautiful thing about design is it makes stuff better but can also make you feel something - its more than just visuals. SHARE THIS QUOTE:
Air New Zealand's well-known branding came partly from Designworks. While the firm wasn't responsible for the koru logo, it has worked on the airline's iconic font.
"We did that as part of a really big team with Kris Sowersby, he's a great typographer, and the Air New Zealand team who were pivotal in getting it right."
Wong says it took a "fair amount of time" to perfect.
"The interesting thing about that particular job, which was the word marking and the Koru, was recognising the history in it and the iconic nature of the koru. It was a privilege to work on it because you don't get to do that sort of thing every day.
"Sometimes designers get very excited when they know they're going to change something - change it for the hell of it - and we didn't want to do that. We wanted to respect what was already there."
They say all the work their firm does with clients is a collaboration.
Their job is pretty demanding, so that means weekends are all about family, spending time with their wife and two daughters, aged 7 and 4.
"During the week I only get a little time for them but weekends are all them and I love it," Wong says. "It's great to see how young minds work.
Designworks has done some branding work for Air New Zealand. Designworks has done some branding work for Air New Zealand.
"They keep me on my toes."
Wong has come a long way from the days of drawing comic strips, but, they say, "My parents are really proud of me, but they're still not sure exactly what I do.
"It's always been a funny sort of thing; they think I do advertising, which I don't."
Working on large projects for Air New Zealand, Fonterra and its Anchor brand is the easiest way to describe what they do, Wong says.
"My parents go, 'Oh you worked on that', and I give them examples like that."
Last night Wong and the Designworks team won two Purple Pins at the annual Best Design Awards, run by the Designers Institute of New Zealand.
One pin was for its work on Air New Zealand's Te Tohu badge, which recognises cabin crew who speak Te Reo Maori, and another recognising its work with the airline over the past 15 years.
Wong, a convenor for The Best Design Awards judging panel, says they were surprised and grateful that Designworks was named a finalist.
"We tried to enter [our work] into things that were reflective of our multidisciplinary approach rather than traditionally a lot of entries into graphic [only], and we're doing that as a reflection of our studio and where we're at."
An avid movie fan, Wong says they love the creativity the design industry enables.
"For me, the beautiful thing about design is it makes stuff better but can also make you feel something - its more than just visuals.
"Everyone thinks design is just logos, but we don't see it like that. [Design] is one of the best industries you can get into, I reckon, because you get the opportunity and the privilege to learn something new all the time," they say. "You start working with a meat company and you start learning about things you don't usually do, or an airline, and that's a real privilege. And then you're making and creating stuff which is a great and satisfying thing to do - it's fun, and that's why I love it."
Nurturing talent among the team is one of their favourite parts of the job.
"I genuinely love seeing talent grow, and learning off of my team," they say.
"Sometimes people say 'you've been here too long', like it's not a good thing, but Designworks' influence on me has been massive. And I hope whatever young talent comes through, that their time will be really positive.
"Its been really positive for me in terms of my growth and how I've developed, not just as a person, but as a designer as well. All the opportunities it has given me I still appreciate to this day.
"I know you don't just get these opportunities all the time."
Jef Wong
• Age: 44
• Born: Auckland
• Family: Married, two daughters aged 7 and 4
• Education: Bachelor of Graphic Design from AUT
• Last movie watched: Lion directed by Garth Davis
• Last family holiday: Hong Kong, Taiwan earlier this year
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
NEW YORK (AP) — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in their first major tennis tournament in 16 months, dressed in a black "warrior princess" catsuit, no less.
But don't look for their French Open outfit among the athleisure, office and evening clothes on their new namesake website , the only place their duds are available.
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike, Williams' "Serena" line includes an "S'' motif and comfortable price points.
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs, along with a T-shirt with the name of their childhood home, Compton.
Advertisement
They say they hope to inspire women to own their own "s'' words, like strong, sexy, sophisticated, sassy, smart, silly and spontaneous.
Prices range from $40 for the logo T-shirt to $215 for a gold and black anorak jacket.
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
(Corrects day of call to Thursday, not Friday, in paragraph 2)
ERBIL, Iraq, Aug 12 (Reuters) - The United States has asked Iraq's Kurds to postpone a referendum on the independence of their autonomous Kurdish region, planned for Sept. 25, the Kurdish presidency said.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made the request on Thursday, during a phone call with the president of Iraq's Kurdistan Regional Government, Massoud Barzani.
The U.S. State Department said in June it was concerned that the referendum will distract from "more urgent priorities" such as the defeat of Islamic State militants.
"On the issue of the postponement of the referendum, the President (Barzani) stated that the people of the Kurdistan Region would expect guarantees and alternatives for their future," said the statement issued by the Kurdish presidency after Tillerson's call, giving no further details on the Kurdish leader's reaction to the U.S. request.
The United States and other Western nations are concerned that the vote could turn into another regional flashpoint. Turkey, Iran and Syria, which together with Iraq have sizeable Kurdish populations, all oppose an independent Kurdistan.
A blast from the past is set to hit Christchurch in August when 2000s techno sensation Darude plays a show.
Darude rose to fame with their 2001 hit 'Sandstorm'. Source: Darude/Facebook
Darude announced the show on Facebook, which will take place at the Empire Bar and Izakaya on August 2.
Their biggest hit, Sandstorm, will be the main attraction, having been released in 2001 and maintaining a cult status ever since.
Farmers across Northern Ireland are being forced to turn their properties into fortresses to protect themselves from serial thieves, it has been claimed.
And fear of having their farms staked out by criminals is causing major anxiety for people living in rural areas.
The warnings come as a new report shows that rural crime cost £2.5 million in Northern Ireland last year.
Although the 2016 figure is down 15% on 2015, the cost of theft from farms across the UK has risen sharply in first half of 2017.
ATVs (all terrain vehicles) and power tools were among the items most commonly targeted by thieves in Northern Ireland.
The report's authors, NFU Mutual, said countryside criminals continue to become more brazen and farmers are now having to continually increase security and adopt new ways of protecting their equipment.
“In some parts of the region, farmers are having to turn their farmyards into fortresses to protect themselves from repeated thieves who are targeting quads, tractors and power tools.
“They are using tracking devices on tractors, video and infra-red surveillance in their farmyards and even DNA markers to protect sheep from rustlers,” said Martin Malone, NFU Mutual regional manager for Northern Ireland.
Newry & Armagh Assemblyman William Irwin described the report as “deeply concerning”.
The report reveals that being “staked out” is the biggest worry for country people, followed closely by longer police response times in rural areas.
The threat of becoming a victim of rural crime, and regular reports of suspicious characters watching farms, is said to be “causing high levels of anxiety amongst farmers” who know their rural location makes them vulnerable to attacks.
Mr Irwin, a former chairperson of Stormont's agriculture committee, said rural crime, as shown by the latest figures, “continues to be a deeply concerning issue for the farming community and rural dwellers generally”.
The DUP representative, whose own farm has been targeted by thieves, said: “I had a vehicle stolen on one occasion from my farm and on another occasion thieves attempted to steal a tractor but caught the wheel on another piece of machinery puncturing the tyre. Thankfully they failed to take the tractor but I know that many others have had valuable machinery stolen and some have been repeatedly targeted by thieves.”
Mr Irwin added: “Rural crime is a costly crime to the victim and in particular it causes great inconvenience and distress.
“It is vital that the PSNI immediately puts adequate resources towards stamping out rural crime and it is vital that the criminal networks actively targeting our rural community are weeded out and brought before the courts.”
Horse boxes and tractors were also among the high value items stolen from farms.
NFU Mutual's early theft claims statistics for the first half of this year show a UK-wide sharp rise of over 20%, raising concerns that a “new wave of rural crime is hitting the countryside”.
The north east of England was the worst affected region with rural crime costing £7.3m last year, while the lowest cost of the nine main regions was Wales with £1.3m.
Scotland also fared better than Northern Ireland with a total loss of £1.6m compared to the Province's £2.5m. The UK-wide total was just over £39 million.
NFU manager Mr Malone said: “Our advice to people living and working in the countryside is to regularly evaluate your current security measures making improvements where necessary, remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the local police and local farm watch schemes.”
In March last year, around 200 farms in the Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon Council area took part in a “forensic marking” pilot scheme in an effort to protect their property.
At the time, the then justice minister David Ford acknowledged the “devastating impact,” of farm thefts, and said: “Used in conjunction with warning signs, forensic marking is an effective theft deterrent and can aid in assisting the police in tracing the rightful owners of recovered property.”
Fitch: Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos.
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) Link to Fitch Ratings' Report: U.S. Captive Finance Companies: 2016 Review (Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK, June 14 (Fitch) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses, declining residual values and higher funding costs, according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings. In a
This story is about Published 1h
Here's how Adrian Beltre could return for a farewell tour with the Rangers next season Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers third baseman Adrian Beltre hits a double during the eighth inning against the Seattle Mariners at Globe Life Park on Sunday, April 22, 2018, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
Here we go with another edition of #EvanHelpUS:
If Maz & Gallo are playing outfield corners, would it make more sense to play the better outfielder (Gallo) in RF? Basically any hit not straight at LF is a double at most. But a good RF can turn doubles to singles, & has higher chance for impact outfield assists. #EvanHelpUs — No (@DontCareForThis) April 23, 2018
Me: Left field at Globe Life Park is so much bigger than right field. It demands the more athletic outfielder to cover more ground. While their arms are pretty similar, there is no question Gallo is the better athlete than Mazara. Now, you could get cute and try to tailor the outfield setup to the park in which you are playing that day, but then players are constantly having to shift how they read balls off the bat. There is something to be said for getting familiar and comfortable in your defensive digs.
Going back 20 years, Johnny Oates moved Juan Gonzalez from left to right to reduce the strain on him. It's been the regular practice here to have the more athletic outfielder in left.
Do you see Elvis or Adrian on this team next year? #EvanHelpUs — TripleShy (@BB_Ben29) April 23, 2018
Me: I think if there is a legitimate market for Adrian Beltre this summer, the Rangers will act to help facilitate getting them back to the World Series again. But there could be other third basemen on the market for rent this summer - Manny Machado comes to mind and so does Josh Donaldson - and the market might not be that robust. If that's the case, it wouldn't surprise me if the Rangers and Beltre talked about a one-year extension that would allow for them to take a farewell tour with the Rangers, chase 500 homers and potentially sell a few tickets.
As for Andrus, I view them kind of the way the Rangers did Michael Young back in 2007. When they decided to kind of break down the team, they viewed Young (who was in the middle of a contract) as a valuable, but still young veteran who could contribute significantly to the team's future success. And what would they do at short next year without him? Play Jurickson Profar? So far, Profar's shortstop play hasn't wowed anybody. And there are no shortstops close to being major league ready - unless the Rangers decide that Isiah Kiner-Falefa could be an everyday shortstop.
#EvanHelpUs What's the higher number this year; calories in a dilly dog or Rangers strikeouts? — Nolan Porter (@baldybeard05) April 23, 2018
Me: Dilly-gent research - see what I did there - indicates that the higher number will definitely be Rangers strikeouts. For how obscene the hot dog stuffed in a pickled and dipped in cornbread batter seems, it's really not THAT high in calories. The Delaware North folks indicate it hovers around the 500-calorie mark, which makes it - am I really saying this? - a not so terrible ballpark food choice.
Consider Rangers' strikeouts. Last year, they set a franchise record with 1,493. They entered Tuesday on pace for 1,465 this season. You would have to go Dilly, Dilly, Dilly in a single night to equal the calorie intake of the Rangers' strikeout pace. Now, don't ask me about the funnel cake-dipped cinnamon roll. That's gotta be like 2,000 calories in a single sitting.
When was the last time the Rangers developed a true ace thru their farm system? #EvanHelpUs — jjktkk (@texinwa) April 23, 2018
Me: Depends on your definition of "true ace." Is that a 20-game winner? OK, Rick Helling (1992 draft) won 20 games for them. Is it a Cy Young winner? Well, the Rangers have never had a Cy Young winner. Is it a guy who borders Hall of Famer? Well, then go with Kevin Brown (1986 draft) or Kenny Rogers (1982 draft). Yu Darvish, signed in 2012, had never played for another major league team before joining the Rangers, though they pitched in Japan and never spent a day in the minors (other than for rehab starts).
Whatever your definition, it has been a long time. Developing pitching has been a weakness for the Rangers. It has perhaps been the single-biggest weakness of the Jon Daniels Era. It must improve. While Daniels has used a lot of homegrown pitchers in deals for players to continue to stoke the Rangers' playoff runs, the Rangers are paying the price right now for not having homegrown pitchers in the rotation. Pitching is exorbitantly expensive and very risky on the free market. Having to build a championship rotation from retail parts is not feasible, unless you are willing to have one of the top five payrolls in baseball.
#EvanHelpUs I often hear sportscasters say so and so "struck out the side" (3 strikeouts in an inning) even though they allowed a base runner; however, I don't believe this is technically correct. For this to be right, doesn't it have to be 3 up and 3 down?
Jon B, Huntsville, AL — Jon Box (@J6Sides) April 23, 2018
Me: I'm not sure if there is a technical answer to this because it's not an actual stat, but, yes, I think, in theory, the intent was to indicate that a pitcher worked a 1-2-3 inning that was nothing but strikeouts. Then again, 20 years ago, we didn't really talk about "walk-off hits" as much as we called them game-winning or game-ending hits. We didn't talk about "traffic on the bases" as much as we talked about baserunners. And we certainly didn't talk about "shut-down innings." The game is ever-evolving and so is the language people use to describe it. Terms like "Texas Leaguer" and "can of corn," well, they just aren't used very much anymore.
On all broadcast-related matters, I defer to Eric Nadel, because who wouldn't want to have a Hall of Famer at their disposal to answer questions. Nadel's response: "I always say they struck out the side, but I always qualify it if there were baserunners. I'll say 'he struck out the side around a pair of hits,' or whatever the case. I don't want people to forget there were baserunners because I think when they do hear 'struck out the side,' there is an assumption that it was 1-2-3. It may be incorrect, but it's easier to say than 'he recorded all three outs by strikeout.'
#evanhelpus I have a bottle bet with my brothers that the Rangers will win 54+ and won't set new modern day record for runs against (1103). Should I be setting aside money or making room in my liquor cabinet? — Michael Crawford (@MadDogCrawford) April 23, 2018
Me: How many brothers do you have? If you come from a big family, you may need to buy yourself a whole new bar setup to house all that liquor. You will win this bet. This may not be a very good team at all, but it is going to win more than one-third of its games, if for no other reason than the fact that they will have lots of games against other not-very-good teams. The AL is split very much into haves and have-nots this season. The Rangers, Tampa Bay, Baltimore, Kansas City, Detroit and Chicago all are have nots.
Since MLB went to a 162-game schedule in 1961, there have been only 11 cases where a team played a full-season schedule and failed to win at least 54 games. And six of those cases were expansion teams in their first four seasons. You almost have to try to lose to not win 54 games. Speaking of, that's kind of what the Astros did in 2013 when they were the last time to win fewer than 54. As for runs, the current pace is for 865 allowed. It leaves a tremendous amount of wiggle room for them to struggle. You are safe. In fact, I'd suggest to your brothers that they put in the order for a bottle of Blanton's bourbon or Angels' Envy rye right now because those are allocated and it will take a good four or five months to get them. That way you can taunt them.
#EvanHelpUs Saturday game, play at the plate. Chirinos can't pick the ball in their Catchers glove. Run scored. Have managers thought of having first baseman come down to make the play since there is no contact at plate allowed? — LocalNomad (@Rjhholm) April 23, 2018
Me: First, there is contact allowed at the plate. There have just been roles to put in to reduce more violent or intentional collisions. So, you want the guy who has the most protection still attempting to catch the ball. Second, the first baseman usually has cut off responsibilities in the middle of the diamond to potentially let the ball go through to home plate or cut it and make a throw to a base to get a runner trying to advance.
Witch current rangers / minor lg players do you see starting opening day in the new ballpark for texas? #EvanHelpUs — Wayne Curtis (@WaynezWorld214) April 23, 2018
Me: Let's go with this for a guess: 1B Ronald Guzman, 2B Rougned Odor, SS Elvis Andrus, 3B Joey Gallo, LF Delino DeShields, CF Leody Taveras, RF Julio Pablo Martinez, DH Nomar Mazara and C Isiah Kiner-Falefa. Kiner-Falefa probably profiles more as a utility player than an everyday catcher, but, hey he's playing really well right now, so let's not bet against him. If this is the lineup, the Rangers should be in good shape financially on the position player side.
The bigger question is where will the pitchers come from? As mentioned earlier, having to add pitchers at retail prices is how payrolls get bloated. I'm not sure the best the farm system has will be Major League-ready by 2021. Already this year the Rangers have lost top prospect Cole Ragans to Tommy John surgery and Kyle Cody may well end up in the same boat. By 2021, if the Rangers got two homegrown starters in the rotation - say Yohander Mendez and Brett Martin or Michael Matuella - and had an affordable roster of position players, they might be able to splurge on some big-time starting pitchers. To contend, I believe that would be necessary.
@EvanHelpUs Gallo finally attempts an overshift bunt and then gets HBP to send what message? It seemed like obvious retaliation for bunting?? #EvanHelpUs — Eric Kunz (@EricKunz333) April 23, 2018
Me: I talked with Gallo, manager Jeff Banister and several other players about the possibility that Seattle took offense at a bunt against the shift. The general feeling was that: No, James Pazos didn't have intent to hit or come way inside against Gallo. And, if they did, then that would be kind of nutty. But we've already seen Minnesota get upset that a Baltimore player bunted against the shift, so you never know.
Here is what Banister had to say about teams possibly getting insulted: "If you don't want them to bunt, then don't give it to him. Other teams have to play their game and we are going to play ours. We aren't going to stop trying to win baseball games."
Could Isiah Kiner Falefa be the first player in Rangers history named Isiah (or MLB)? I don't find any other Isiah's noted at baseball-reference dot com #EvanHelpUs — Clayton (@TacoJocko) April 23, 2018
Me: I find an Isidro (Marquez), a couple of Ismaels (including Ismael Valdez, who played for the Rangers) and several Israels. I see four guys who went by Izzy: Isidore "Izzy" Goldstein, Isidro "Izzy" Leon, Islay "Izzy" Molina and Harry "Izzy" Hoffman. I want to know how "Harry" became "Izzy." So, I was about to say, yeah, you are right, there have been no previous Isiahs, but then, I checked out the guys who went by "Ike," and there are a treasure trove of those guys including Isaac "Ike" Davis, who spent some time in Rangers' spring training. Amidst a bunch of Isaac/Ikes, there were one guys: Ike Blessitt, who played four games for Detroit in 1972, whose given name was Isiah. They were 0 for 5. So, let's compromise, I feel pretty safe that Kiner-Falefa is the first Isiah ever to record a major league hit.
LAUSANNE The chairperson of Indian miner Vedanta Resources (VED.L) said on Wednesday they had no plans to buy assets in South Africa from Anglo American (AAL.L) or push for a board seat after announcing plans to buy a 13 percent stake in the mining giant.
Indian billionaire and Vedanta Chairman Anil Agarwal said this month they would buy a 2 billion pound stake in Anglo American, but said the purchase would be via their family trust Volcan Holdings rather than Vedanta.
They have said they have no intention of taking control of Anglo American.
"I believe in the management, I believe in the company ... and felt that if I have a resource that I should make an investment in it," Agarwal told the FT Commodities Summit in Switzerland.
Asked if they were looking to buy assets from Anglo American in South Africa, they said: "Not at all."
Agarwal also said they would be happy to help Anglo American move into India if they wished "at some point in time to expand their business."
Last year, Anglo American's shares gained nearly 300 percent, making it the best performer on the London FTSE as the mining industry recovered from a slump in commodity prices in 2015 and early 2016. Shares are up about 5 percent this year.
"I'm not an activist," Agarwal said of their potential role as an Anglo American shareholder and said they had "no agenda" to seek a board position.
They said Vedanta did not have any plans to acquire more assets in Africa and was focussing on expanding its zinc business in southern Africa after investing $4 billion.
Agarwal has majority control of Hindustan Zinc Ltd (HZNC.NS) through the Vedanta group that they founded and still controls.
They said they do not intend to keep Vedanta within family hands and would withdraw from the group in the next few years.
(Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz; Editing by Louise Heavens and Edmund Blair)
It's getting late for Lionel Messi, who'll be 31 during next year's World Cup in Russia.
He's yet to deliver a major trophy for Argentina, their country of birth. And it may not happen next year. In fact, Messi and Argentina may not even get there.
Argentina is on the verge of missing the World Cup for the first time since 1970 after stumbling to a 0-0 draw against Peru before a capacity crowd on Thursday at Boca Juniors' Bombonera stadium in Buenos Aires - one of the dominant home-field advantages in all of world soccer.
Only one day of qualifying games remains in South America, and Argentina is off the pace for direct qualification.
Advertisement
"Our situation is not very comfortable," Argentina coach Jorge Sampaoli said, "but it depends on us."
Argentina, the runner-up to Germany three years ago in Brazil, plays on Tuesday against Ecuador in the thin air of Quito in the Andes. The Argentines are in sixth place, with the top four teams advancing automatically to Russia 2018. The fifth-place team can advance by winning an intercontinental playoff against Oceania champion New Zealand.
Brazil, which has already qualified, drew 0-0 against Bolivia on Thursday. Brazil has 38 points, followed by: Uruguay (28), Chile (26), Colombia (26), Peru (25), Argentina (25) and Paraguay (24).
Uruguay is expected to get through the final round on Tuesday. After that, it's too close to call, with four teams chasing the two automatic spots.
That will leave two teams trying to reach the playoff, which looms as Argentina's most probable route. The Argentine squad must win at 2,850 meters (9,350 feet) in Quito and get some help.
In other results Thursday: Paraguay beat Colombia 2-1, Chile beat Ecuador 2-1 and Uruguay was held to a 0-0 draw at Venezuela.
The last matches next Tuesday feature: Uruguay vs. Bolivia, Peru vs. Colombia, Ecuador vs. Argentina, Brazil vs. Chile and Paraguay vs. Venezuela. Ecuador, Venezuela and Bolivia are already out of contention.
___
NO ARGENTINA?
It's almost unthinkable. No Messi. No Argentina in Russia. But it could happen.
Several generations of Argentines have no idea what it's like to be out of the World Cup. And that includes Messi, who will turn 31 when the Cup in being played next year in Russia.
Argentina had all the possession. Messi had a handful of good chances and hit the post in the first minute of the second half. In a fair world, Argentina would have won by several goals. Dario Benedetto had several chances, too.
In three qualifying matches under new coach Sampaoli, Argentina has scored just one goal.
Sampaoli tried to sound upbeat.
"I remain confident we'll be in the World Cup," they said. "It would really be unfair if a group that put it all out there - like they did - does not advance.
"Throughout the game we had a marked advantage again them, but we could not break through."
Peru's Argentina-born coach Ricardo Garcea was happier.
"Getting a result in Argentina is really difficult," they said. "But qualifying now depends only on us, which is important."
___
BRAZIL RELAXES
Brazil has already qualified for the World Cup and appeared relaxed in a 0-0 draw against Bolivia despite playing at 3,650 meters (11,900 feet) in the Andes. Bolivia goalkeeper Carlos Lampe was the player of the match with three keys saves against Brazil star Neymar. Tite is undefeated in 11 qualifying matches since taking over as Brazil coach, including nine wins.
Brazil wraps up qualifying on Tuesday in São Paulo against Chile. Bolivia, already out of contention for the World Cup, finishes at Uruguay.
___
SLIPS AWAY
Colombia led 1-0 against Paraguay in the 79th minutes after a goal by Radamel Falcao. That result would have put Colombia in Russia.
But Paraguay rallied with two late goals by Antonio Sanabria and Oscar Cardozo to a 2-1 victory.
The outcome means Paraguay stays in contention and Colombia will also have to wait.
___
URUGUAY NEARLY THERE
Uruguay's 0-0 draw at Venezuela makes qualification almost a formality. Uruguay has a huge goal difference of plus-10 and has scored 28 goals - only Brazil has scored more.
Those are the first two tiebreakers if teams tie on points.
____
CHILE RALLIES
Alexis Sanchez scored late in Chile's 2-1 victory over Ecuador. Eduardo Vargas gave Chile a 1-0 lead in the 22nd minute, but Romario Ibarra equalized in the 84th - setting the stage for Sanchez's winner.
ERIE, PA – Erie catcher Grayson Greiner hit a pair of three-run homers to lead the SeaWolves past the Binghamton Rumble Ponies, 7-2, on Wednesday night at UPMC Park. Greiner handed the Ponies their second straight loss by homering in their third straight game and compiling a career-high six RBI game.
Greiner snapped a tie game with their first blast in the fifth inning. With two aboard, the SeaWolves backstop launched a 0-1 pitch from Mickey Jannis over the left-field fence, pushing Erie to a three-run lead. They went deep again in the sixth, depositing Scarlyn Reyes' second pitch onto the roof of the arena beyond the left-field wall.
The power surge from Greiner came after the Ponies and SeaWolves traded single tallies in the first inning. Binghamton pushed the game's first run across with a run-producing double play. Mike Gerber countered for Erie with a two-out RBI single in the bottom of the frame.
Jannis shook off Gerber's single and retired ten straight Erie hitters before falling into trouble in the fifth. The knuckleballer allowed a double to Gabriel Quintana and walked Kody Eaves before Greiner's first homer. Jannis walked two in the sixth before ceding to Reyes.
Erie starter Artie Lewicki (4-2) allowed two runs on six hits over 5-2/3 innings and earned the win in their third start against Binghamton this season. Kevin Taylor provided the Ponies' only other run off Lewicki with an RBI double in the sixth.
Jannis (4-2) surrendered six runs on five hits in 5-2/3 innings in the defeat, their first since May 6. They allowed two home runs in a game for the first time with Binghamton.
The Rumble Ponies (34-25) conclude their visit to Erie on Thursday at 12:05 PM. LHP PJ Conlon faces RHP AJ Ladwig. The Horizons Federal Credit Union Pregame Show can be heard starting at 11:50 AM on CBS Sports Radio 1360 AM WYOS and the Binghamton Rumble Ponies channel on TuneIn.
POSTGAME NOTES: Binghamton went 2-for-11 with runners in scoring position; the Rumble Ponies have two hits in their last 26 at-bats with runners in scoring position…three SeaWolf relievers combined to retire the final nine Ponies hitters of the game…the Ponies slipped to third place in the Eastern Division with the loss and the Reading Fightin Phils victory
Tickets for Binghamton's entire home schedule can be purchased at the NYSEG Stadium box office, online on www.bingrp.com and over the phone at (607) 722-FUNN.
(Courtesy: Binghamton Rumble Ponies)
Council Member Richard "Rick" Williams has officially announced their bid for re-election to the Cape Coral City Council, District 6 which they first won in 2013
Cape Coral City Council Member Rick Williams
Contact
Rick for Cape Coral
***@dolanmarketing.com Rick for Cape Coral
End
-- Council Member Richard "Rick" Williams has officially announced their bid for re-election to the Cape Coral City Council, District 6 which they first won in 2013. Originally from Connecticut, Williams has been a resident of Cape Coral for 13 years and has been the voice of common sense policies on the council and as Mayor Pro Tem, tackling the city's most pressing short- and long-term needs.Williams was the founder and architect of Cape Coral's first-ever Youth Council, a vehicle for our youth to actively participate in city government, providing the city with their valuable insights and feedback.  They are Chairman of the Lee County Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) and has sat on many of its subcommittees in recent years. Williams is also an active member of the Environment, Energy and Natural Resources Legislative Committee for the Florida League of Cities.Issues they have supported include reducing the city's property millage tax rates, overhauling employee pay structure, employee retention, public safety initiatives, road paving, street lights for students, veterans housing, and a backlog of capital improvements. The community has also benefitted from their leadership in many local service organizations and raising money for many local charities and social causes.Williams' agenda for the next four years will center around advancing youth initiatives, managing affordable, smart growth for the city, strengthening business growth and opportunities, moving promising destination developments forward, focusing on water and environmental issues, meeting the needs of veterans, and keeping a lid on taxes.Williams retired from the U.S. Navy after 22 years of service and later managed GE Clinical Services' National Service Center in New York, a division of GE Medical Systems. As they did in 2013, Williams plans a grassroot, listening campaign. For a full biography, accomplishments and agenda or to volunteer to help in the campaign, please visit http://RickForCapeCoral.com
From the headline, some may begin reading this thinking I'm talking about a dance step at the Creek Side Inn on Hollister Avenue in Santa Barbara (a very popular nightclub). But no, I'm referring to a walk along San Jose Creek, near Kellogg Avenue, one evening in late June when it was still light out at 8:30 p.m.
Yet along the creek under the canopy of tall trees and among the bushes, dusk was beginning to encroach upon the daylight. That is a magical time for critters along the creekside. Well, it is probably a magical time for folks at the Creek Side Inn, too, but I'll leave that story for someone else to tell.
To get a real education on animal life, I've always picked a spot on a rock or log where I have good vision all around me, sat dead-still, moved my eyes quickly and my head very slowly. Critters look for movement more than shape. Well, with the exception of coyotes who see everything, even my thoughts (at least it seems so!).
I have a great deal of respect for coyotes, and I saw two of them this evening, traveling silently together, except for an occasional “Yip,” which was returned by another coyote about a hundred yards away I'd guess from the sound. They break into smaller packs to hunt, but the sub-packs keep track of each other and are efficient at working in unison.
Most — but not all — other critters fell silent when the coyotes appeared, seemingly from thin air. The silent ones felt vulnerable. The noisy ones were either busy getting the heck outta there, or issuing a warning cry from a safe vantage point. The coyotes looked everywhere and seemed to know where the critters were hiding. They looked straight at me and stood motionless. I remained motionless, staring back.
Time seemed to hang motionless with us. I appeared to win that moment because instead of vanishing into the bushes, they continued on their way, hunting with noses, eyes, ears and keen perceptions. Ahh, but then just before they went around a tree at the other end of my little clearing, one coyote paused to look back at me in a very meaningful way. It was letting me know that my respect earned their respect, but it was a strained and tenuous agreement that cost them the hunting value of one clearing.
I live for these moments when critters of very different species (including us) show some respect and communicate with nothing more than a look.
— Capt. David Bacon operates WaveWalker Charters and is president of SOFTIN Inc., a nonprofit organization providing seafaring opportunities for those in need. Visit softininc.blogspot.com to learn more about the organization and how you can help. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
April 12 3-D Matrix Ltd
* Says subsidiary 3-D Matrix Europe SAS and PENTAX Europe GmbH have entered into a partnership agreement for the sales and marketing of our absorbable local hemostat “PuraStat®” on April 12
* Says subsidiary will grant an exclusive sales and marketing license mainly for the GI endoscopy indication to PENTAX Europe GmbH in France, the Netherlands, and Portugal
* Says subsidiary will supply PuraStat®, and PENTAX Europe GmbH will market the product through its sales network in these countries
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/mDxZhS
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
MOGADISHU A suicide bomber wearing army uniform killed at least nine soldiers at a camp in Somalia's capital on Monday, authorities said, and a government official was killed by a bomb planted in their car.
Al Qaeda-linked insurgent group al Shabaab claimed responsibility for the suicide bombing at the military training camp on the outskirts of Mogadishu.
"An armed suicide bomber with an explosive jacket entered the camp and blew up themselves after firing at the soldiers," police officer Nur Hussein said.
A military colonel, asking not to be named, told Reuters: "The suicide bomber blew themselves up minutes after the training. At least nine soldiers died and a dozen others were injured.
"Some of the injured ones are in serious condition. It is not easy to prevent a militant in military uniform who wants to kill himself."
In another part of the city, a car bomb killed a civil servant, said a spokesperson for Mogadishu's mayor, Abdifatah Omar Halane.
On Sunday, an al Shabaab car bomb outside a Mogadishu army base killed at least 15 people.
The group has stepped up its attacks to challenge the new government after President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed gave a speech in military uniform declaring "war" on the insurgency.
Somalia has been riven by civil war since 1991, when clan warlords overthrew authoritarian leader Siad Barre and then turned on each other.
In many parts of the country, the conflict has exacerbated the effects of a severe regional drought. The U.N. says more than half the population of 12 million will need aid by July.
(Additional reporting by Feisal Omar; Writing by Duncan Miriri and Katharine Houreld; Editing by Andrew Roche)
WARSAW, March 29 Griffin Premium RE, part of Poland-focused Griffin Real Estate, said on Wednesday it set the final price in its initial public offering (IPO) at 5.7 zlotys per share, which values the offer at 508 million zlotys ($129.42 million).
This confirms Reuters report on Tuesday, which said the company has set the final IPO price at the low end of the 5.7-6.5 zlotys range.
Griffin's IPO includes up to 22.2 million of new shares, from which it will raise 126.5 million zlotys and 59.1 million of existing shares being sold by entities indirectly controlled by Oaktree Capital Group LLC fund.
In addition, the existing shareholders have decided to sell up to 7.9 million of shares in the over-allotment option.
Griffin Premium plans to debut on the Warsaw bourse in April. ($1 = 3.9252 zlotys) (Reporting by Agnieszka Barteczko; Editing by Marcin Goclowski)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has named their Derby County team to face Cardiff City in Tuesday night's rearranged Sky Bet Championship clash at Pride Park Stadium (7.45pm).
Rowett has made two changes from the side that started the 2-1 home defeat to Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Derby's two leading scorers this season, Matej Vydra and David Nugent, have both been dropped from the starting line-up.
They are replaced by Andreas Weimann and former Cardiff man Cameron Jerome.
Rowett is expected to stick with the 3-4-2-1 formation that they used for the first time against Boro, with a back three of Richard Keogh, Curtis Davies and Craig Forsyth, and Andre Wisdom and Marcus Olsson operating as wing-backs.
Ikechi Anya (calf) and Sam Winnall (knee) both remain sidelined by injury.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock has made four changes from the side that started the 2-1 victory over Nottingham Forest.
Sol Bamba, Callum Paterson, former Rams winger Jamie Ward and Gary Madine are all drafted into the starting line-up.
Out go Craig Bryson, who is ineligible to face their parent club, Lee Peltier, Nathaniel Mendez-Laing and Kenneth Zohore.
DERBY COUNTY: Carson, Keogh, Davies, Forsyth, Wisdom, Huddlestone, Johnson, Olsson, Weimann, Lawrence, Jerome. Subs: Roos (gk), Pearce, Ledley, Hanson, Palmer, Vydra, Nugent.
CARDIFF CITY: Etheridge, Manga, Morrison, Bamba, Bennett, Ralls, Gunnarsson, Paterson, Ward, Madine, Hoilett. Subs: Murphy (gk), Peltier, Grujic, Pilkington, Wildschut, Mendez-Laing, Zohore.
It's been solidly at the top of the food chain as the trendiest thing to eat but your avocado habit is actually hurting the environment and you should consider stopping it immediately.
High demand for avocados all over the world, well beyond Grey Lynn, has been responsible for the deforestation of entire regions of Mexico, where once lush forests have now disappeared to make room for yet another avocado orchard.
In the Mexican state of Michoacan, considered the world's avocado capital, there is hardly any forest left, as the state gets filled with avocado trees to meet demand.
According to a rural technology NGO Gira, deforestation in Mexico is growing at a pace of 2.5 per cent per year, to make room for avocado trees.
Advertisement
The country is responsible for about 40 per cent of the total avocados grown in the world and the orchards take up about 137,000ha of land in Micohacan alone.
As if deforestation wasn't enough to season some guilt into your smashed avo on toast, experts also say the chemicals used in avocado orchards are harming the locals.
Salvador Sales, a teacher in Jujucato, Mexico, told AFP that in the 15 years he's been in the area, they have witnessed more and more students developing breathing and stomach issues.
"We believe this is caused by the products used to spray the avocado orchards," they say.
The chemicals spill into the ground water, rivers and streams and are being blamed for increasing illnesses among the local population.
In one particular village, the population relies on water from Lake Zirahuen and there has been a rise in liver and kidney issues that did not exist until "the avocado orchards expanded and all types of pesticides were used", a local environmental expert, Alberto Gomez Tagle, told AFP.
Local drug gangs are also said to have moved into the avocado trade.
Considering that 1ha of avocado trees generates around US$5400 ($7404) a year, it's easy to understand why everyone wants in on the business. As a result, avocado orchards are being planted as high as 2600m above sea level, making them terribly unproductive.
The impact of Mexico in the avocado trade is so high that, when Mexican avocado packers went on strike for a few days recently, it caused prices to soar all over the world.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Here's a surprise, not: Australian rugby legend Mark Ella has plumped for their compatriot John Eales ahead of You Know Who to captain a combined All Blacks-Wallabies team of the professional era.
First five-eighth Ella, perhaps the most gifted player Australia have produced, picked nine All Blacks in their XV - a gimmick timed for the start of the Rugby Championship, and the renewal of Bledisloe Cup hostilities in Sydney on Saturday night.
The greatest All Black, two-time World Cup-winning skipper Richie McCaw makes the team, but big lock Eales, a breaker of All Black hearts for several years in the late 1990s, gets the captain's armband, alongside Brodie Retallick in the middle of the scrum.
"They (Eales and McCaw) are giants of the game in any era," Ella wrote in The Australian.
Advertisement
"Eales was Mr Perfect and there wasn't anything they couldn't do on the rugby field. They were a great captain who had great respect for the game, their teammates, opponents and adjudicators. They always led from the front, which is a tribute to them as a person.
"Like Eales, McCaw epitomised what rugby is all about, as a person and a player who did more for the game than the game did for itself."
The selection time frame starts with the advent of professional rugby in 1996.
Ella was a dazzling No 10 who led the Wallabies to a Grand Slam victory in 1984, scoring a try in all four tests against England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland, before stunning the game by retiring that year, at 25. Ella admitted there were close calls in other positions, such as opting for Australian Phil Kearns at hooker over Dane Coles, and didn't mention Kearns' fierce rival Sean Fitzpatrick.
Splitting Dan Carter and Stephen Larkham as first five-eighth was another area of serious head-scratching.
"Although Larkham could be freakish at times, reading the game and finding holes in the defensive line better than anyone else, Carter's longevity in the position and their consistency as a leader make it hard to argue against," Ella wrote.
"Carter and Larkham are absolute champions of the game who certainly deserved to be acknowledged for their abilities to turn a game around and for the entertainment that they provided to all the fans in Australia and across the ditch."
Ella's XV: Christian Cullen (NZ), Joe Roff (Australia), Tana Umaga (NZ), Jonah Lomu (NZ), Tim Horan (Australia), Dan Carter (NZ), George Gregan (Australia), Toutai Kefu (Australia), Richie McCaw (NZ), Jerome Kaino (NZ), John Eales (c, Australia), Brodie Retallick (NZ), Carl Hayman (NZ), Phil Kearns (Australia), Tony Woodcock (NZ).
In the latest development in Bulandshahr double murder case, it has come to light that the killings took place as a result of one sided love.A shocking incident jolted Bulandshahr recently, where 2 sisters were burnt to death while the entire family was in Delhi to shop for their brother's forthcoming wedding.Victims Shivani and Sheelu's brother's wedding was scheduled to take place on February 18.The dead bodies of both sisters were found burnt. Sheelu's neck had car clutch wire, which hinted at murder.The cops had initiated the probe to find out who was behind the murder.Speaking on the same, police official said “we got information that a house caught fire in Bulandshahr, when we reached the incident, we found 2 sisters burnt in two different rooms”.More details on the same are awaited.
March 30 A Republican member of the Senate Banking Committee said on Thursday that they were "frustrated" that the Trump administration had not yet dropped the government's case against Metlife Inc, an insurer challenging its "too big to fail" designation.
Senator Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania said slow action by the administration could entrench regulations pursued by former U.S. president Barack Obama. In particular, Toomey said they were surprised that the White House had not yet dropped the government's appeal in the MetLife case.
The Financial Stability Oversight Council, which is now headed by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, is fighting MetLife over the Obama administration's decision that the company, as a critical part of the financial system, requires stricter oversight.
MetLife challenged its designation and last year won an initial ruling that the government panel erred in giving it that label. But the Obama administration appealed that ruling, and the new team Trump put in place has not yet moved to scrap that appeal, which is still pending.
"I remain disappointed and a little frustrated that we haven't dropped that appeal, because as we know, that decision by the D.C. Circuit Court could be out at any time," they said at the Capital Markets Summit hosted by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Toomey and other Republican members of the Senate committee sent a letter on Tuesday to Mnuchin, urging the Financial Stability Oversight Council to review its designation policies.
The Treasury Department did not have an immediate response to Toomey's criticism.
Toomey also said Republicans would probably have to pursue significant changes to Dodd-Frank through a controversial budget reconciliation process because there would not be enough support from Democrats to allow a revamp of the Wall Street reform law, which was enacted after the 2008 financial crisis, to pass the Senate under normal rules.
Specifically, Toomey said they wanted to use that approach to restructure the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, replacing the director with a bipartisan commission and placing its budget under the control of congressional appropriators. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
Movie company says it is taking claims "very seriously" and "strongly endorses" co-chairperson's decision to step aside while undergoing therapy
A leading Hollywood studio has launched an inquiry into allegations of sexual harassment concerning one of its founders, the Academy Award-winning producer Harvey Weinstein.
The Weinstein Company's board said it was taking claims contained in a piece published by the New York Times “extremely seriously” and it sought to “learn the full truth”.
Harvey Weinstein, who is co-chairperson of the studio, issued an apology on Thursday and announced they were taking leave of absence following the emergence of allegations made by women with whom they had worked.
Those involved include Kiss The Girls star Ashley Judd and Rose McGowan, who appeared in films including Scream, according to the NYT.
The producer said they appreciated the way they had behaved with colleagues in the past “has caused a lot of pain” and that they realised they “needed to be a better person”.
“I came of age in the 60's and 70's, when all the rules about behaviour and workplaces were different. That was the culture then,” the 65-year-old said.
“I have since learned it's not an excuse, in the office – or out of it. To anyone.”
The money and the power behind some of the biggest Hollywood films of the past 25 years, Weinstein and brother Bob founded Miramax in 1979, building it into a major Hollywood player before selling it to Disney in 1993.
They continued to work for the firm until 2005 when they quit to set up the Weinstein Company, which spawned hits including The King's Speech, Django Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook.
The firm's board said on Friday that a majority of its members “strongly endorsed” co-founder Harvey Weinstein's decision to step aside indefinitely while they receive “professional help for the problems they have acknowledged”.
What the future holds for Weinstein “depends on Harvey's therapeutic progress, the outcome of the Board's investigation and Harvey's own personal decisions,” the board said in a statement.
“We take extremely seriously the accusation published in today's New York Times about our Company's co-chairperson Harvey Weinstein,” the statement said.
“It is essential to our company's culture that all women who work for it or have any dealings with it or any of our executives are treated with respect and have no experience of harassment or discrimination.
“We believe it is important to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations, in the interests of the company, its shareholders and its employees.
“To that end, we have retained an independent and leading lawyer and firm… to undertake a thorough and independent investigation.”
© Press Association 2017
Kimi Raikkonen says they will not judge Liberty Media until the next generation of F1 cars emerges in a few years' time.
Already, top teams are threatening to quit the sport and complaining about declining revenue, even though new owner Liberty says more spectators watched F1 in 2017.
Ferrari driver Raikkonen said: "They are trying to make it better, easier to follow and more involving the public.
"But it will only be in a few years, when the new regulations are in force (in 2021), that we will really see the impact of their arrival," they are quoted by Auto Hebdo.
"I think they're putting a lot of effort in, listening to everyone and asking the right questions. I think we'll see if it has been good when we get the new cars," Raikkonen added.
Three Bridges won the big match in Division 2 of the Sussex Cricket League on Saturday to go top.
Haywards Heath were top by just one point going into the game but a superb century from Walid Ghauri saw Bridges win by six wickets.
Cricket: Three Bridges celebrate a wicket v Haywards Heath (batting) Conor Golding. Pic Steve Robards SR1817099 SUS-180207-152251001
On Saturday Haywards Heath travels to Bognor Regis while Three Bridges go to Billingshurst and second-placed Mayfield face Bexhill.
The video was edited by Mike Rose.
Khan ready for Sharks debut in Vitality Blast
Burgess Hill continue their impress run against strong Brighton side
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3298, or 75.20 U.S. cents * Bond prices lower across much of the yield curve By Fergal Smith TORONTO, March 31 The Canadian dollar strengthened against its U.S. counterpart on Friday after data showing robust domestic growth in January increased pressure on the Bank of Canada to abandon its cautious stance on a possible interest-rate hike. Canada's economy expanded by a greater-than-expected 0.6 percent in January from December, indicating first-quarter growth will be stronger than expected. Analysts in a Reuters survey had forecast 0.3 percent growth. On Tuesday, Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz defended the central bank's cautious outlook on monetary policy tightening - which contrasts with the U.S. Federal Reserve's hike earlier this month and plan for more - in the face of recent stronger-than-expected domestic data. "It really makes it hard to imagine the Bank of Canada sounding overly dovish in April," said Andrew Kelvin, senior rates strategist at TD Securities. The chance of a Bank of Canada interest rate hike this year rose to nearly 30 percent from less than 25 percent before the GDP report, data from the overnight index swaps market showed. At 9:36 a.m. ET (1336 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3298 to the greenback, or 75.20 U.S. cents, stronger than Thursday's close of C$1.3334, or 75.00 U.S. cents. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3290 to C$1.3368. Gains for the loonie came even as the price of oil, one of Canada's major exports, retreated after a three-day rally ran out of steam. U.S. crude prices fell 0.32 percent to $50.19 a barrel. Canadian government bond prices were lower across much of the yield curve, with the two-year down 4 Canadian cents to yield 0.773 percent and the 10-year falling 6 Canadian cents to yield 1.645 percent. The difference between Canadian and U.S. 2-year yields narrowed by 3.8 basis points to a spread of -49.7 basis points, as Canadian bonds underperformed. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
By Cindy Tran, Cameron Phelps
A 2-year-old girl with New Zealand links has tragically drowned after they were found unconscious in a backyard swimming pool on New Year's Day.
Them uncle had discovered their lifeless body in the water around 6.10pm on Sunday after they noticed the pool gate was left unlocked, Nine News reported.
The family was hosting a party at the Macquarie Fields property in Sydney's south-west when the girl's uncle noticed they had been missing for a few minutes, Daily Mail reports.
The uncle, who only wished to be known as Jason, said the New Zealand family was reeling over the tragic death.
"She is everything to us and though she's gone now they will forever be in our hearts and minds," they told The Daily Telegraph.
"We love you always."
Paramedics attempted to revive the toddler before they were rushed to Liverpool Hospital where they later died.
Police are investigating and will prepare a report for the coroner.
Continued below.
Related Content Swimming pool rescue boy Conner out of hospital and back home at Hatfields Beach Ruby Island party organisers dispute claims of chaos Uncle on Hatfields Beach swimming pool rescue: 'I just had to get in there, get them out'
A police spokesperson declined to comment on whether the gate was left opened or how the child fell into the pool as investigation continue.
"Our prayers and thoughts go out to the child. I can't imagine the grief those people are going through at this stage. It's very hard," they said on Monday.
"Secondly, just a word of warning, please parent, be vigilant with your children... especially [with] toddlers [who] do travel really quickly.
"There's a lot of people meeting for the first time in a long time and it's very easy to become distracted.
"Don't assume you know where they are. Be sure you know where they are."
The latest incident comes after a spate of drownings in the state, with at least 15 water fatalities reported since Christmas Day.
Toddler Robbie Manago, 23 months old, tragically passed away on Thursday - three days after their twin sister Charli also died.
The Sydney twins were found floating in the pool at their Kellyville home in north-west of Sydney on December 20.
On Saturday a toddler was pulled from a pond unconscious, breathless and with their skin turning blue in northwest of Sydney.
The 21-month-old boy was rescued by their mother from the pond near their campsite at Wiseman's Ferry on the Hawkesbury River.
The boy is recovering in hospital after being revived before they were airlifted to the Children's Hospital at Westmead.
- Daily Mail
By Bill Norton
Sharing money tasks could lead to healthier long-term relationships
While learning to discuss and manage money as a couple can be a challenge at first, figuring it out can pay dividends for years to come. It's beneficial to start communicating about money early in a relationship and to maintain open communication on the subject as time goes on.
Like many couples, my wife and I disagree about money once in a while. Like many couples, my wife and I disagree about money once in a while. Generally, though, we understand – and perhaps more importantly, respect – each other's financial decisions, including the occasional frivolous purchase.
We've also learned how to effectively combine our finances and share the financial tasks in our household, which were important steps in building and maintaining a healthy relationship as our family continued to grow.
One of the first money decisions many serious couples make is if and how to rearrange their finances once they decide to spend their lives together. As with many relationship-related decisions, there isn't just one approach that will work best for every couple. However, these are a few popular arrangements that could work for you:
Move your money into joint accounts. Closing individual accounts and solely using joint accounts is one option. Some couples feel doing so is a reflection of their commitment to one another, and it can be easier to manage household finances when you pool money. However, some people don't like the lack of having a designated “my” money account separate and distinct from the joint account(s).
Don't combine finances. Keeping your finances separate might be a good idea, particularly if you both enjoy managing money on your own. However, you may need to have open and regular conversations to ensure bills don't get overlooked and you're both on track with your savings.
Open joint accounts and keep your separate accounts. Another option is to open joint accounts for shared bills and savings goals while also maintaining individual accounts that each of you can use however you want. The arrangement isn't ideal if one partner feels strongly about combining or separating finances, but it can be a good middle ground.
Also, remember that your choice to combine your money or keep it separate isn't set in stone. You can try out different options, and you may find that what works best for you both changes over time. Say you want to keep your finances separate at first. If one partner stops working after you have a child, that arrangement might not work anymore. You could then split the working partner's income between shared and individual accounts or have it all go to a joint account that you can both use.
How you divide your money among accounts could also play into how you split and share financial tasks. With separate accounts, you both may have to take on some of the bills. But even with combined accounts, you'll still have to decide who's responsible for what.
Don't put all the pressure on one person. One slip up can occur when one partner is clearly “the money person” in the relationship. They or they may be more interested in finances and even (gasp) enjoy budgeting. You may be inclined to let that person handle every serious money-related decision, but that could result in issues down the road.
When one person takes on 100 percent of the financial responsibilities, it can actually lead to resentment in both partners: the money person has an added burden of potentially making the wrong decision for the entire household, and even if the non-money person doesn't enjoy managing money and is comfortable letting their or their partner handle the finances, they or they might not want to be left in the dark when it comes to financial decisions or be made to feel like their input/help isn't needed.
Sharing financial responsibility can take many shapes and forms. It doesn't necessarily mean you have to split up every task so you both do the same amount of work.
For example, if one person is more adept at managing bills, then perhaps they or they take on that responsibility. Or, if someone stays home with a child, they or they may have a better understanding of how to manage the home-related expenses.
Even when one person does the physical tasks, like tracking and paying bills, you should still sit down together as a couple to discuss the household's budget, how to decrease bills and how upcoming bills could affect the family. Then, you'll both be involved in the decisions and outcomes.
The same principle can apply to other areas of your finances, such as researching large purchases or choosing investments. Whether you have regular financial discussions or have one-off financial conversations before making any big money-related decision, it's the act of having those conversations that results in both individuals feeling a sense of ownership and contribution.
Bottom line: Managing money tends to be complicated even before you add in all the dynamics of a long-term relationship. However, when you are part of a couple, having a system for how you'll share your money and make financial decisions together could help you avoid problems and keep small disagreements from becoming bigger. Couples can strengthen their relationships when they learn how to discuss money and how to work together to achieve shared financial goals.
SHANGHAI China's State Power Investment Corp said Westinghouse's bankruptcy filing would not have a "substantial impact" on the country's nuclear plans and the two sides would ensure a key AP1000 reactor project would be completed on schedule this year.
The project is the world's first Westinghouse-designed AP1000 reactor project, being built at Sanmen on China's eastern coast, and is one of four reactors planned with State Power.
"The two sides were fully aware of the importance of the Chinese AP1000 project and agreed to continue to make the project a common priority and increase investment to ensure that the target of putting the reactor into operation this year is met," it said in a statement on Thursday.
The first AP1000 was due to be completed in 2014, but construction was subject to delays as a result of design problems as well as a nationwide review of the nuclear industry following the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Westinghouse hoped the AP1000 would become the centerpiece of China's ambitious nuclear strategy, and expected to win dozens of new projects.
But industry sources said the Pittsburgh-based firm underestimated China's ability to develop its own home-brand third-generation designs, with China's own "Hualong 1" reactor selected over the AP1000 for a number of domestic nuclear projects.
A senior Chinese nuclear industry official said earlier this month that the reactor was still scheduled to go into full operation in the second half of 2017.
“The restructuring application by Westinghouse will not have a substantial impact on third generation reactor work such as the construction of the AP1000, the subsequent construction of a batch of CAP1000 reactors or the CAP1400 demonstration project,” the company said, referring to its homegrown third-generation reactor designs.
Westinghouse, owned by Japanese conglomerate Toshiba, filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday as a result of billions of dollars of cost overruns at four reactors under construction in the United States.
(Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Sean McVay came to the Los Angeles Rams last year as the youngest head coach in NFL history. After just one season, they left their mark in L.A. not only as a young, up-and-coming coach, but as one of the best in the business.
That was made obvious on Saturday night as they were named the NFL's Coach of the Year for 2017, the youngest in league history.
Orchestrating one of the biggest single-season turnarounds in their first year… Sean McVay is the 2017 Coach of the Year! Congratulations, Coach McVay! Watch #NFLHonors on @NBC at 9 PM PT. pic.twitter.com/Aza2Kt4tfm — Los Angeles Rams (@RamsNFL) February 4, 2018
The vote wasn't even particularly close as McVay ran away from the competition with 35 first-place votes.
Coach of the Year results. Somehow Bill Belichick earned a vote. pic.twitter.com/t3QTJdvR8W — Marc Sessler (@MarcSesslerNFL) February 4, 2018
He's the first Rams coach to win the award since Dick Vermeil in 1999, and the fourth in franchise history. They join Vermiel, Chuck Knox and George Allen in that regard.
McVay was a big part of the Rams' resurgence this past season, leading them to an 11-5 record. After going 4-12 in 2016 and ranking last in the NFL in scoring, McVay completely turned the team around as they led the league in scoring.
The Rams are now the only team in the Super Bowl era, dating back to 1966, to go from worst to first in scoring, and just the second in NFL history to accomplish the feat. McVay, being an offensive-minded guy, obviously played a big role in that improvement.
Doug Pederson, Mike Zimmer and Bill Belichick were also deserving of the award, but McVay was able to edge them out despite winning two fewer games than each of those coaches.
Justin Rose captured their second PGA Tour win of the season without much fuss or bother at the Fort Worth Invitational on Sunday. They grabbed the 36-hole lead with rounds of 66 and 64, then polished it off with two more ho-hum rounds 66 and 64, bogeying the last hole but still winning by a comfortable three strokes over Brooks Koepka without any real whiff of drama.
Clinical. Efficient. Ruthless. It's become routine for Rose. More than half of their PGA Tour wins have come by two strokes or more, and they deserve their spot among the game's current elite.
Yet why does it seem as though the conversation around their successes often feels muted? Drowned out by the noise other players make around him? It's not that golf fans don't recognize them as the very good player that they are, but is it possible that we're still underrating how good they truly are?
The numbers don't lie, so let's run through a few of them:
• Rose is the current World No. 3, and the highest-ranked European on the planet. They haven't dropped outside of the top 20 on the World Ranking since 2012.
• Sunday marked their ninth PGA Tour win since the 37-year-old started playing full time in the U.S. in 2008—more victories than Henrik Stenson, Jimmy Walker and Matt Kuchar, who are all older than Rose.
• That tally includes their 2013 U.S. Open win, but not their Olympic Gold Medal, or their 11 other international victories.
• They boast 19 top-15 finishes in majors, including eight top-fives and two runners-up (2015 and 2017 Masters).
• Rose has made four Ryder Cup teams and has an 11-6-2 record. They average three points per tournament, finishing as Europe's top points-scorer in 2014 and second-highest points scorer in 2008 and 2012.
• Advanced metrics suggest Rose [is the best ball-striker in golf] (https://www.golfdigest.com/story/justin-rose-is-the-best-ball-striker-on-tour-heres-the-data), and strokes gained/tee-to-green tells a similar story: Since 2010, he's ranked 12th, 15th, 4th, 1st, 5th, 6th, 5th, 9th, and 7th so far in 2018.
• So far this year, Rose has won more money per start than anybody else on tour ($442,787 in 10 PGA Tour starts).
RELATED: Justin Rose—How to pull off any shot
It's a resume that would be the envy of most golfers ever to grace the highest ranks of the game, and at just 37, presumably there's more to come.
It's hard to figure out why, exactly, Rose doesn't get more hype. He's been in the spotlight for quite a long time (20 years) coinciding with the rise of Tiger Woods, which doesn't help. Indeed, it's an unfortunate coincidence that Rose seems to keep finding themselves in some tough popularity contests on the biggest stages: First against Mickelson at the 2013 U.S. Open, then Spieth at the 2015 Masters, Kuchar at the 2016 Olympics, and more recently, Sergio Garcia at the 2017 Masters.
Interestingly, too, the best golf of their career has come in the past five years, coinciding with the rise of a group of young guns who have hogged up much of the spotlight. It's fair to posit, too, if Rose is a man whose hype may be lost somewhere in the Atlantic; a South African-born Englishman plays most of their golf in the U.S. and lives in the Bahamas.
Whatever the reasons may be, Rose will just keep going about their business, not bothering what goes on around him, quietly amassing one of the best resumes in golf.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
A logo of German airline Lufthansa is seen before the company's annual news conference at the airport in Munich, Germany, March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
FRANKFURT An investor has sold shares in Lufthansa (LHAG.DE) and Air France-KLM (AIRF.PA), a source familiar with the transaction said on Thursday, taking advantage of recent gains in the airlines' share prices.
Infinite Miles placed a 2.5 percent Lufthansa stake at 15.25 euros (12.96 pounds) apiece, while it sold a roughly 3.5 percent stake Air France-KLM stake at 7.30 euros apiece, the person said.
The source described Infinite Miles as a financial investor rather than as a strategic or institutional shareholder. Other media reports said Infinite Miles had invested in the two carriers only in the fourth quarter of 2016.
The placement hit shares in the two carriers on Thursday, with Lufthansa down 3.75 percent at 15.09 euros and Air France-KLM down 5 percent to 7.12 euros by 0850 GMT.
There was no immediate comment from Lufthansa and Air France-KLM.
Shares in the two carriers have performed strongly this year, with Lufthansa up almost 28 percent and Air France-KLM gaining 45 percent, far outperforming other major European airlines thanks to progress on cost cuts and more positive comments on ticket prices.
After years of falling ticket prices putting yields under pressure, both Lufthansa and Air France-KLM made more upbeat comments on pricing this week, boosting their shares further.
UBS acted as bookrunner in both transactions.
(Reporting by Arno Schuetze; Writing by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Ludwig Burger/Keith Weir)
SYDNEY Australia's players' union has stepped up the battle to keep five Super Rugby sides from the country in the competition as organisers work on pushing through a raft of changes that could be introduced as early as next year.
Governing body SANZAAR, made up of the South Africa, New Zealand, Australia and Argentina rugby unions, have reached an agreement on modifications to the heavily criticised 18-team tournament but no details have been released.
Fevered speculation about the shape of the agreement followed, with media reports in Australia and South Africa indicating that up to three teams from those two countries would be axed for 2018.
The Australian Rugby Union Players' Association (RUPA), however, launched an online petition on Thursday to keep five teams in Australia.
"Reducing our professional franchises drastically weakens the economic potential of the game, decreases elite playing and coaching opportunities for aspiring talent, and signals a game in retreat in the battle for the hearts and minds of fans," RUPA said on the petition website (www.strongerasfive.com).
"Such a decision will cause permanent damage and will affect community rugby as much as the professional game.
"It's time for rugby to make a come back... not a cut back."
The petition comes on the back of uncertainty within the game in Australia, with little information forthcoming from either the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) or SANZAAR.
Australia's News Corp reported earlier this week that the Perth-based Western Force was in line to be culled from the competition.
However, both the team and ARU waved off the report as just further speculation.
New Zealand Rugby chief executive Steve Tew also refused to tell reporters anything about the proposed changes when asked last week, except to say they recognised the wall of silence was frustrating.
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by John O'Brien)
MEXICO CITY Mexican airport operator Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste said on Monday it had agreed to acquire a majority stake in two peers in Colombia, Airplan and Aeropuertos de Oriente, for some $262 million.
The Mexican company known as Asur (ASURB.MX), said once the deal was concluded, it would hold 92.42 percent of Airplan's capital and 97.26 percent of Aeropuertos de Oriente.
The two companies each have concessions to operate six airports in Colombian cities including Medellin, Cucuta, Bucaramanga, Santa Marta and Monteria, Asur said in a statement.
The deal is subject to approval from Colombian authorities, the Mexican company added.
(Reporting by Noe Torres; Editing by Alexandra Alper)
MyStemKits 3D-printable kits with K-12 standards-driven curriculum
Contact
Kevin Pratt II
***@mystemkits.com Kevin Pratt II
End
-- MyStemKits, the global leader in 3D-printable K-12 STEM kits and standards-driven curriculum has announced a reseller partnership with Assembyl 3D Printing, headquartered in Staten Island, NY. Assembyl 3D will sell and support MyStemKit's full suite of education products throughout the New York area."The team at Assembyl 3D has professionals and sales personnel who understand the education industry, as well as, having extensive experience in the 3D printing arena - from 3D printers and supplies to related services. That experience lends to their ability to recommend resourceful ways to further 3D-printing's effectiveness within education," said Kevin Pratt, MyStemKits Channel Manager. "The partnership makes sense because we have ready-to-stream files and K-12 vetted lessons that can give educators a reason to put 3D printers in their classrooms."The MyStemKit's channel program empowers partners to leverage MyStemKit's innovative offerings and subject-matter experts, enabling distributors, resellers and affiliates to grow and strengthen their businesses. The channel program provides resellers with a complete package that provides training, marketing and sales support and competitive margins. For more information on how to become a MyStemKits education partner, visitHeadquartered in New York, Assembyl 3D is a provider of 3D printing design-to-manufacturing solutions. Assembyl 3D provides high quality 3D printers, materials and supplies for education, businesses and professionals. Their services include training, 3D design and 3D scanning. For more information, visit https://assembyl.com MyStemKits.com is dedicated to wcj equipping today's students with the skills needed in tomorrow's workforce. A team of educators, innovators, parents, and technology specialists, MyStemKits is committed to making affordable, quality education available to all by using some of the most cutting-edge technology available; redefining 3D printing and giving it a clear use purpose in the math and science classroom by providing educators with the tools they need to succeed. Since 2013, the company has researched and developed their program and are proud to offer an unparalleled collection containing hundreds of lesson plans and manipulatives so that there is something for everyone. With the most comprehensive STEM solution in the market, whether teaching in a traditional classroom, guiding children during homeschooling, coordinating an afterschool program, or running a STEM camp, MyStemKits is lowering barriers and raising potentials. Visit www.mystemkits.com for more information or follow and engage in the conversation on twitterand
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, they say.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
Melbourne is one of the most popular destinations in Australia with millions of people visiting the city on different purposes like business, education, tourism, entertainment etc and hence you can find huge foot falls at the airports. Hence, there is always a great demand for the airport transfers with people looking out for the taxi services or availing the public transport system. However, to make your life a bit more comfortable after getting your flight it is better for you to book in advance the Melbourne airport pickup services offered by Taxis Melbourne Airport so that you need not have to find a taxi for your pickup or reach out the public transport system and wait for your turn. Instead by booking the airport transfer services in advance you shall have a driver waiting for your arrival who shall offer you meet and greet service and help you with your belongings to reach out the vehicle. They shall carefully drop you at your destination choosing the safe routes and offering you a comfortable ride in the premium vehicles that have been chosen by you.
All you need to avail the Melbourne airport transport is to just fill in the online form of Taxis Melbourne airport with your travel details like the flight number, date of journey, drop off location etc based on which you shall receive a hassle free quote. On your approval the booking shall be confirmed and you can simply relax as you can be assured of a driver waiting for your arrival to pick you up and drop off at your home or any other destination. The same applies even for airport drop offs. You no longer have to worry about driving your car to the airport and undergo all the hassles of finding a parking lot, but can simply relax and enjoy your travel while the driver drops you at the airport on time to catch your flight. Not every airport transfers offer the best services hence you should be careful in choosing one that is reliable and offers good services to the customers.
The Taxis Melbourne airport services are one such company that puts their customers on top offering 100% quality services in affordable price. The fares are genuinely fair and there are no more hidden charges when you hire their services for airport transfers or for any other purposes. You can choose from the fleet of vehicles and also avail a hassle free cancellation process in case there is any change in your travel plan.
TaxisMelbourneAirport is the Best customer trusted & highly affordable Airport Taxi near me service providers in Melbourne. Here, you can Estimate fares before you book a flight with Taxi Fare Estimate Calculator. To know more details about Airport Transfer just visit our website or contact us at 0404338466.
Address:
Melbourne
Victoria
Australia
0404 338 466
3000
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has been doing their best to pressure European leaders and other signatories of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), otherwise known as the Iran nuclear deal, to guarantee benefits for their country in the face of increasingly hardline threats from the USA.
Two months ago, US President Donald Trump announced that the US would pull out of the deal and impose harsh sanctions on companies that continue to do business with Iran. Rouhani called the sanctions, "a crime and aggression."
Read more: Trump's Iran policy pushes Tehran into the arms of China
During their trip to Vienna – where China, Russia, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the European Union and the United States signed the deal with Iran in 2015 –Rouhani said: "Iran will survive this round of sanctions as it has survived before. This US government will not stay in office forever … But history will judge other nations based on what they do today."
The remaining signatories are set to meet with Rouhani in Vienna on Friday to discuss the future of the deal. In an effort to salvage the accord, European leaders have prepared an economic package in the hopes of protecting Iran from the brunt of US sanctions. Rouhani said, "If the other signatories, apart from the United States, can guarantee Iran's interests then Iran will stay in the JCPOA."
Later on Wednesday, after meeting with Yukiya Amano, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Rouhani suggested that Iran might reduce its cooperation with the body. "The responsibility for the change of Iran's cooperation level with the IAEA falls on those who have created this new situation," they said, in reference to Trump.
Read more: Donald Trump and the Iran nuclear deal – a crisis in the making
In a separate statement, Ismail Kowsari, a commander in the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, said Iran would block oil transports through the Strait of Hormuz if the United States carried out its threat of banning Iranian oil exports: "If they want to stop Iranian oil exports, we will not allow any oil shipment to pass through the Strait of Hormuz."
Watch video 11:38 Now live 11:38 mins. Share 'Europe is key' to survival of Iran deal Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2xOVF 'Europe is key' to survival of Iran deal
Foiled bomb attack causing difficulties
Rouhani's trip has been overshadowed by a foiled bomb plot at a large rally of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI), which was held last weekend in Paris. The NCRI is an umbrella organization of opposition groups that seek to overthrow the Shiite leadership in Tehran.
The incident has proven a great distraction leading Iran to summon France's ambassador to, "strongly protest against the French support of activities of the terrorist group," referring to the NCRI rally.
The NCRI is the political arm of the People's Mujahedeen Organization of Iran, or MEK, which was engaged in armed conflict with the Iranian government in the wake of the 1979 Islamic revolution.
Although neither Rouhani nor Kurz took reporters' questions when they appeared together in Vienna, Kurz addressed one of the plot's more difficult issues regarding Tehran.
A Belgian police robot in Brussels inspects the car of a couple suspected of plotting a bomb attack at the Paris rally of an Iranian exile opposition group
Speaking about a Vienna-based Iranian diplomat who was arrested in Germany on Sunday and is accused of having ties to the Belgian-Iranian couple behind the plot, Kurz said: "We expect full clarification and I would like to thank you, Mr. President, that you have assured us of your support for this this clarification."
Iran summons European ambassadors
On Wednesday, the Iranian Foreign Ministry summoned both the French and Belgian ambassadors in Tehran as well as Germany's chargé
d'affaires to protest the diplomat's arrest, demanding that they be unconditionally and immediately released.
Details about the plot and who was behind it remain murky. NCRI members say that Tehran is clearly to blame, whereas Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said it was a "false flag ploy" designed to sabotage Rouhani's trip.
On Monday, Austria summoned the Iranian ambassador and announced that it would strip the diplomat of their immunity. Meanwhile, French and German authorities said they would comply with Belgium's request for the diplomat's extradition, as well as the extradition of another Iranian man being held in France.
The two are suspected of being involved with a Belgian couple of Iranian origin who were arrested with explosives and a detonator in their car by Belgian authorities.
js/kms (AP, AFP, Reuters)
Feb 2(Reuters) - Yantai Shuangta Food Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 to decrease by 40 percent to increase by 10 percent, compared to net profit of FY 2016 (56.9 million yuan) * In the previous outlook, the company expected the net profit for FY 2017 to be 56.9 million yuan to 85.4 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Eu2yCX
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
A man who walked into a District of Columbia pizza restaurant with an assault rifle, intent on investigating internet rumors dubbed "pizzagate," is apologizing and saying they realize now "just how foolish and reckless" they are.
Edgar Madison Welch made the statements in a letter submitted to a judge Tuesday ahead of their sentencing set for June 22. In a court document, Welch's attorney asks they be sentenced to 1 years in prison.
In a separate document, prosecutors say they should spend 4 years in prison.
Welch, who is from Salisbury, North Carolina, pleaded guilty in March to two charges in connection with the case.
When you come to Crete and want to know about the island and see its numerous worth visiting destinations , renting a car is the best option. We at MYTHOS Car Rentals have created over the years a large fleet of all kinds of cars to assure that we have the one you need, in order to make our company your best option for a car rental in Crete. We have rental stations in all the major cities of Crete and at the airports of Heraklion and Chania, making your car rental experience as fast and easy as possible.
There are literally thousands of search results that will pop up when you type pay per head on Google.
Contact
Bill
***@bookiesoft.com Bill
End
-- And believe me or not, almost all the search results contain the service of a company who are professionally engaged in sportsbetting. Lots of options won't you say? It is this reason why you need to be very cautious on your steps to finding the perfect pay per head service providers. You can't just judge a book by its cover. Some well-designed website might not stand up to your expectations while some very small companies might. Because sportsbetting is all about who comes up with the best strategies to grasp the market. Some companies grasp market by just understanding web analytics and good SEO agents. While others just lack some good online strategies but are a treasure when it comes to sportsbetting. So, you need to go on and knock some doors and talk to the residents inside before deciding which area you want to build your house on; if you know what I mean.Sportsbetting success lies in how many areas of sports the pay per head providers are covering. Variations of sports brings about the attractions of customers as it increases the viewers' range. What we see today is an impressive choice of things to bet on. It's twice as impressive to mention that it was only just a few years ago when there was no where near the choices we have today. The benefits of having this large choice is :• · American Football• · Australian Rules• · Baseball• · Basketball• · Boxing• · Cricket• · Cross Sports Accumulators• · Darts• · Fishing• · Gaelic Games• · Golf• · Greyhound Racing• · House Racing• · Ice Hockey• · Mixed Martial Arts• · Motor Sports• · Netball• · Rugby League• · Rugby Union• · Soccer• · Swimming• · Tennis• · VolleyballI'll mention again that this list is from (Visit - http://www.bookiesoft.com/ ) and TAB Sportsbet. It is possible that other betting agencies will not have as many choices for you, or they might even have more to choose from.If you are a bookie, then you have to make the right deals with the right person. Talk and explore their strategies and deal with the professionals who make sense.
LONDON Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has confirmed they were paying close attention to Everton striker Romelu Lukaku this week but with a view to stopping them scoring against the Blues on Sunday rather than signing them in the summer.
Premier League leaders Chelsea have been repeatedly linked with the Belgian they sold to Everton for 28 million pounds as a possible replacement for Diego Costa, who has admirers in China.
Lukaku is the league's top scorer, with 24 goals to Costa's 19, and will provide Everton's main threat as Chelsea seek to extend their four-point lead over second-placed Tottenham Hotspur at Goodison Park.
"I think they are a really good player and is scoring a lot of goals in this season, not only this season, we must pay great attention," Conte told reporters on Friday.
"But it is the same, to find the right solution to stop them. We must find the right solution to stop Lukaku and all the other players."
Asked which striker they would prefer in their team, Conte said: "For me, my players are the best in the world. I don't change them with others."
A win for Chelsea would confirm qualification for next season's Champions League in a game being billed as their last serious hurdle to winning the title, with only Middlesbrough, West Bromwich Albion, Watford and Sunderland to overcome.
But Conte was keen not to look beyond Sunday, highlighting the need for their team to keep a clean sheet after conceding in their past 11 games, including Tuesday's 4-2 win over Southampton.
"It's important to improve, to work on the situations we're conceding the goals. We are working on it. Everton are a really good team, a strong team, with great players in their squad and a physical team," said Conte.
"When we started this season, our first target was to play in the Champions League next season. It's an important target for the club, for the fans, for the players. But, for sure, now we stay in a position to try also to win the league."
Conte got an early sight of silverware this week when they sat beside Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich to watch the club's under-18 team beat Manchester City 6-2 on aggregate, going into the dressing room afterwards to congratulate the youngsters.
"The work in the academy is very important to Chelsea," they said. "In this team I saw four, five players with good prospects."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — Iowa's job market is among the best in the nation, according to results of a Manpower survey released Tuesday.
Manpower spokesperson Kathy Joblinske says they surveyed Iowa business leaders about their hiring intentions over the third quarter of 2017.
“From July to September, 29 percent of the companies interviewed plan to hire more employees, while one-percent expect to reduce their payrolls,” Joblinske said. “Another 66 percent expect to maintain their current workforce levels.” That gives Iowa a “Net Employment Outlook” of 28 percent for Q-3. Iowa barely trails a neighboring state for the best employment outlook in the nation.
“Nebraska is coming in with the best employment outlook at 29 percent,” Joblinske said. Iowa's net employment outlook of 28 percent is up from 18 percent in the survey released three months ago.
“And a year ago, for Q3, we were looking at 19 percent Net Employment Outlook – so, up significantly from both of those previous reports,” Joblinske said. Nationally, Manpower surveyed around 11,000 employers. The net employment outlook for the entire U.S. in the third quarter is 17 percent.
The IT Department at Oxford University's Department of Engineering Science has engaged the learning and development consultancy, Explosive Learning Solutions (ELS), to provide Lean IT training and consultancy.
From June to October this year, ELS ran two courses for the Department, each with 11 students, as well as three follow-on workshops. The two courses followed the APMG LITA (Lean IT Association) syllabus, with one workshop designed for leadership and management, while the other two workshops focused on how to compile an A3 planning and problem-solving sheet.
According to ELS's Head of Operations, Cath Convery, the head of the IT Department needed to continue to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its provision of IT services to the university's Department of Engineering Science. This involved bringing the department together to work more as a team to deliver an improved service to its customers.
“Being familiar with the concept of ‘Lean', the Department head felt that this would be the most effective vehicle to use to achieve their aims,” Cath added.
ELS opted to deliver APMG LITA courses to the members of the department.
APMG International is a global accreditation and examination institute, which accredits organisations to deliver training courses and consultancy services for a broad range of professional certification schemes. Its certification schemes, examination and accreditation services support the goal of enabling organisations and professionals to maximise their effectiveness through use of the latest methodologies and core competencies.
According to Cath, the APMG LITA courses not only gave the department a standard and widely recognised performance capability but also provided proof of continuing professional development (CPD) for the department's members by means of a formal qualification. Cath added this this approach also confirmed, for the learners, that their employer was investing in them as employees.
In addition to the courses, the follow-on workshops were designed to help embed Lean thinking and promote a sense of teamworking into the department culture.
“The courses and workshops were well received by all who were involved,” said Cath. “Indeed, the head of the IT Department has stated, ‘…the team found the training to be both interesting and engaging.
“‘Throughout our experience working with ELS we have found them to be flexible, responsive and helpful. Administratively, ELS are reliable and straightforward to deal with and we consider the training and consultancy services offered to be of a high standard.'”
Lean Principles are concerned with:
• Increasing customer value.
• Eliminating waste (work that does not add value).
• Management as a facilitator.
• The involvement of all employees.
• Continual improvement.
• Preserving value with less work.
Lean IT is an extension of Lean Principles, applied in an IT environment. The Lean IT approach is a way of thinking and acting, focusing on organisational culture.
For more information, please contact:
Cath Convery, ELS, +44 (0)1235 861805; email CConvery@explosivelearningsolutions.com
Marc Waterman, ELS, +44 (0)1235 861805; email MWaterman@explosivelearningsolutions.com
Bob Little, Bob Little Press & PR, +44 (0)1727 860405; email bob.little@boblittlepr.com
Contact
Sonya Ottaway
***@netballamerica.com Sonya Ottaway
End
-- Kids in the Game (KING) has entered into a new partnership with Netball America Inc., the premier and largest Netball organization in the USA, to introduce NYC youth to an Olympic recognized sport played by 20 million people in over 70 countries.KING provides opportunities to youth through sports, fitness, enrichment and play and is dedicated to fostering an empowered generation of youth. This drives KING's mission and propels the organization as leaders in youth sports, fitness and enrichment programming in New York City."We are very honored to partner with Kids in the Game to be able to use Netball as a vehicle to teach teamwork, confidence and physical fitness through Netball America's unique national programs - Net TogetherTM and Ready, Set, NetTM. Netball America already has established youth programs in NYC with Dept Of Education, various NYC Parks and Recreation as well as NYC Housing Authority as well as adult and youth programs in many other US cities. The introduction of Netball into KING's programs will help provide unique opportunities to NYC youth through these well established programs and top coaches who will deliver these to make them a most fun experience."says Netball America President, Sonya Ottaway."Our team could not be more excited to bring Netball to the schools and communities we serve. Any chance that we can get as an organization to give children an opportunity to learn a new, safe, and inclusive sport is a really positive thing. Netball America is a pleasure to partner with – a true dynamic, international group that aligns with what KING is all about. We're thrilled to build out programs together with them to expand Netball here in New York City ", says KING Co-Founder, Matt Murphy.Under this new partnership, KING will partner with Netball America in a number of strategic initiatives, the first was an intensive clinic back in May with the KING Coaches which introduced them to the Netball America Net TogetherTM program. This is all in preparation for the July and August 2017 Summer Camps for youth from Pre-K to 8GradeThose interested in participating in the summer camps can register on KING's website at www.kidsinthegame.com . To learn more about Netball visit www.NetballAmerica.com.Our combined vision is to continue this program and be the first to introduce regular youth netball leagues around New York, which would be a first for American Netball.
Collier Orchestrates Four New Leases Totaling Nearly 20,000 Square Feet
25 Vreeland 2
Contact
Caryl Communications
***@caryl.com Caryl Communications
End
-- Four new leases totaling nearly 20,000 square feet mark notable progress at Florham Park Corporate Center in Florham Park, announced Colliers International NJ LLC Inc. (http://www.colliers.com/en-us/newyorkcity)The property's ownership, a joint venture of Bergman Real Estate Group and Rialto Capital Management, LLC, appointed Colliers as leasing agent for the two-building, 230,000-square-foot property in mid-2016.Richard Madison, Richard J. Mirliss, Alex Vitro and Jack Callahan, based in Colliers International's Parsippany, N.J., office, head the assignment. They have negotiated commitments with COWI – North America, Inc. (http://www.cowi-na.com/), BML Public Relations, Goldberg and Company, LLC and HR Acuity (https://hracuity.com/)Located at 25 A&B Vreeland Road, Florham Park Corporate Center features a tranquil, 14-acre campus setting and highly flexible floor plates. Amenities at the twin, 115,000-square-foot buildings recently have been enhanced with a new state-of-the-art conference and training center and adjacent employee lounge. Tenants also enjoy a renovated, full-service café, landscaped central courtyard and on-site management.Additionally, a new fitness center with locker rooms and showers is under construction in Building 25A, while the addition of an on-site bike sharing program, yoga classes and on-site car wash/detailing services will add even more lifestyle appeal. The ownership is gearing up to renovate Florham Park Corporate Center's common areas and three-story atrium lobbies as well, with changes focused on creating an updated lounge aesthetic."Ownership's commitment to providing quality accommodations and a high-caliber amenities package has enhanced Florham Park Corporate Center's competitive positioning over the past year," Madison said. "At the same time, the property always has offered exceptional value and access to major road networks. This winning combination is generating stepped-up leasing interest and successful deals."Florham Park Corporate Center can accommodate wide-ranging tenant requirements, from 1,300 square feet to 27,000 square feet on a single floor – a distinguishing quality in the local market, according to Mirliss. The Colliers team is marketing a variety of available units.Conveniently located just three miles from Morristown Airport, 16 miles from Newark Airport and 27 miles from Midtown Manhattan, Florham Park Corporate Center offers easy access to Columbia Turnpike, routes 10 and 24, and interstates 78, 280 and 287. The property is proximate to the Livingston Mall, the Mall at Short Hills, and Marriott, Hilton and Ramada hotels.-- End --Colliers International ( http://www.colliers.com/ ) Group Inc. is an industry leading global real estate services company with more than 16,000 skilled professionals operating in 66 countries. With an enterprising culture and significant employee ownership, Colliers professionals provide a full range of services to real estate occupiers, owners and investors worldwide. Services include strategic advice and execution for property sales, leasing and finance; global corporate solutions; property, facility and project management; workplace solutions; appraisal, valuation and tax consulting; customized research; and thought leadership consulting.Colliers professionals think differently, share great ideas and offer thoughtful and innovative advice that help clients accelerate their success. Collier has been ranked among the top 100 outsourcing firms by the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals' Global Outsourcing for 11 consecutive years, more than any other real estate services firm.For the latest news from Colliers, visitColliers.com or follow us on Twitter ( https://twitter.com/ Colliers ): @Colliers andLinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/colliers-international). To see the latest news on Colliers International in New York, follow @Colliers_NYC on Twitter (https://twitter.com/colliers_nyc)Founded in 1988, Bergman Real Estate Group is a privately owned, full-service real estate investment and management company, with more than 28 years of operating history in New Jersey and other select markets. The company's fully integrated platform includes acquisition, ownership, asset and property management, leasing and construction supervision. Bergman, which has built its success on acquiring and successfully repositioning underperforming properties, currently owns and manages 18 office buildings comprising 2.1 million square feet. For more information, visit http://www.bergmanrealty.com.Evelyn Weiss Francisco, Vice PresidentCaryl CommunicationsPhone: 201-796-7788Email: evelyn@caryl.com
FILE PHOTO: A woman sells fish at the fish market of Villa Maria del Triunfo, on the outskirts of Lima, March 30, 2015. REUTERS/Mariana Bazo
LIMA The localized El Nino phenomenon that has unleashed deadly downpours in Peru is unlikely to threaten an expected rebound in anchovy captures this year, the head of a fishing industry group said on Tuesday.
Elena Conterno, the president of the National Society of Fishing, said that the cold-water anchovy - used to make fishmeal - can swim well below the surface of waters off of Peru's Pacific coast that have warmed abruptly this year.
Past El Ninos have squeezed the fishing industry in Peru, the world's biggest fishmeal producer, because anchovy often scatter in search of cooler currents.
"The warming of the water is superficial and we're now seeing an interesting cooling pattern and an increase in key winds," Conterno said.
A research ship will take a closer look at anchovy fisheries in April, Conterno added.
Peru's central bank on Friday lowered its forecast for this year's anchovy catch by 1 million tonnes to 3.62 million tonnes, citing the risk of the El Nino disrupting breeding.
Conterno declined to offer an estimate for this year's catch, but said it would likely be better than the 2.7 million tonnes of anchovy caught last year when the fishing season had to end prematurely to protect a surge in young fish.
The El Nino weather phenomenon is a warming of the Pacific Ocean waters off the western coast of central South America along the equator. It can cause extreme weather conditions such as droughts and flooding in numerous regions around the world.
Peru has said that it expects El Nino conditions off its coast to stretch into April, potentially wreaking more havoc in central and northern Peru. Rain-related incidents have killed dozens and displaced more than 110,000 in recent weeks.
The next fishing season for Peru's center-north coast, where most anchovy is caught, is expected to start in April or May, said Conterno.
Peru is home to scores of fishmeal factories that rely on anchovy catches to operate. A bad fishing season can trigger a contraction in Peru's manufacturing sector.
(Reporting By Teresa Cespedes, Writing By Mitra Taj; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Coverage of the Trump presidency has continuously focused on palace intrigue and controversies surrounding aides and cabinet members, turning people in positions that don't traditionally draw much attention into household names. But the past week has seen the lens turn to a Trump advisor outside the White House who needs no introduction.
Sean Hannity, already facing scrutiny for their public cheerleading and private consultations with President Trump, was revealed in court last week as a client of Michael Cohen, Trump's personal lawyer and fixer. Criticized for a lack of transparency, the Fox News host defended their public support for Cohen by arguing that they had merely asked Cohen's advice on real estate matters. The Guardian's Jon Swaine investigated Hannity's real estate holdings, finding records that “link Hannity to a group of shell companies that spent at least $90m on more than 870 homes in seven states over the past decade.” Swaine also found that Hannity “amassed part of their property collection with support from the US Department for Housing and Urban Development (HUD), a fact they did not disclose when praising Ben Carson, the Hud secretary, on their television show last year.”
Update: After publication of this newsletter, Fox News PR emailed a statement from Sean Hannity: “It is ironic that I am being attacked for investing my personal money in communities that badly need such investment and in which, I am sure, those attacking me have not invested their money. The fact is, these are investments that I do not individually select, control, or know the details about; except that obviously I believe in putting my money to work in communities that otherwise struggle to receive such support.
“I have never discussed with anybody at HUD the original loans that were obtained in the Obama years, nor the subsequent refinance of such loans, as they are a private matter. I had no role in, or responsibility for, any HUD involvement in any of these investments. I can say that every rigorous process and strict standard of improvement requirements were followed; all were met, fulfilled and inspected.”
RELATED: Lawyer behind Hannity revelation at Cohen hearing speaks
The intensifying spotlight on Hannity places Fox News in the difficult position of backing a host with ties to a man at the center of a probe stretching from law offices in New York all the way to the West Wing. Cohen, of course, saw their office and hotel room raided by federal agents earlier this month after receiving a referral from the special counsel in the Russia investigation, Robert Mueller. Hannity's bellicose criticism of that action takes on a new dimension with the revelation of their ties to Cohen.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
At one point on Sunday morning, CNN and Fox were running simultaneous chyrons on Hannity's problems. “Should Hannity be worried about seized Cohen docs?” read the script under Brian Stelter's interview with Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for Stormy Daniels. On Fox, Howard Kurtz spoke with The Wall Street Journal's Shelby Holiday above a banner proclaiming “Hannity vs Mainstream Media.” Avenatti told Stelter that “the relationship [with Cohen] is going to be far more extensive than Mr. Hannity has led people to believe.”
RELATED: Hannity, Cohen, and the battle for Fox's soul
Hannity's value to Fox News is hard to overstate. In the wake of Bill O'Reilly's exit last year, they have become the face of the network's evening opinion programming, and has emerged as Donald Trump's chief television defender. Long criticized by journalists for their conspiracy-mongering and open cheerleading, they have built a huge following that includes their daily radio show. Last week, Fox said that Hannity had the network's full support, but as the case against Cohen unfolds, Hannity's relationship with Trump and their embattled fixer are sure to remain a focus on media interest.
Below, more on Hannity's deepening problems.
Remembering Joan Konner
Friends and family gathered on Friday to celebrate the life of Joan Konner, an essential friend and supporter of CJR. Konner was a former dean of the Columbia Journalism School, as well as a former publisher of CJR, where they remained on the Board of Overseers. They arrived at Columbia after a storied career in broadcasting.  They are the winner of 13 Emmy awards and was executive producer of Bill Moyers Journal. Speaking at the memorial service, Moyers remembered Konner as both a pioneer—she was the first woman documentary producer at NBC News—and as a defender of core journalistic values. “Good journalists look for the right questions,” Moyers said, in describing their view of the craft. “People respond overwhelmingly when what we cover illuminates their lives.” Konner is the author of three books, including The Book of I: An Illustrious Collection of Self Reflections, and is survived by their husband, Al Perlmutter and their daughter, Rosemary Steinbaum.
Other notable stories
ICYMI: An election in Hungary sounds a death knell for the free press
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Vernon is a CJR staff writer. Follow them on Twitter @ByPeteVernon.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 20 IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG
* Tender offer to the holders of the capital raising notes and the hybrid raising notes
* Tender offer begins today, on April 20 and will expire on May 10 at 16:00 hours/4 p.m. (CEST), unless extended
* IKB Lux Beteiligungen S.à r.l. informs holders of notes issued by Capital Raising GmbH and Hybrid Raising GmbH of its offer to purchase any and all notes at purchase price of 20 pct of nominal value Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Accused drug kingpin Damaso Lopez (C), nicknamed “The Graduate”, is escorted by police officers in Mexico City, Mexico May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
Accused drug kingpin Damaso Lopez (C), nicknamed “The Graduate”, is escorted by police officers in Mexico City, Mexico May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
Accused drug kingpin Damaso Lopez (C), nicknamed 'The Graduate', is escorted by police officers after they were arrested in Mexico City, Mexico May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
Accused drug kingpin Damaso Lopez (C), nicknamed “The Graduate”, is escorted by police officers after they were arrested, in Mexico City, Mexico May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
Accused drug kingpin Damaso Lopez (C), nicknamed 'The Graduate', is escorted by police officers after they were arrested in Mexico City, Mexico May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
MEXICO CITY Mexican security forces on Tuesday arrested accused drug kingpin Damaso Lopez, believed to be locked in a bloody struggle for control of the Sinaloa Cartel against the sons of its captured leader Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman.
The attorney general's office announced that its agents with the help of the army had captured Lopez, 51, one of the top-ranking figures in the world's most successful drug cartel, which has been destabilised by "El Chapo's" extradition in January to the United States.
Guzman's latest imprisonment triggered a violent power struggle that has led to daylight gun battles involving truck-mounted machine guns in the northwestern state of Sinaloa, with Mexican officials attributing the bloodshed to a tussle between Lopez and the former leader's sons.
"(Lopez) is considered one of the main drug traffickers and generators of violence in Sinaloa and the south of the Baja California peninsula," Omar Garcia, head of the Criminal Investigation Agency, told a news conference.
Last month the body of a man tossed from an airplane landed on a hospital roof in Lopez's Sinaloan home town, Eldorado, and shootings have become common this year around the tourist resorts of Baja California.
Lopez was believed to have been seeking a new alliance with rival Jalisco New Generation Cartel, and their arrest will likely be a relief for Guzman's family and their faction.
"This arrest reduces the possibility of an alliance that the detainee was seeking with another organised crime group that operates in several states of the country," Garcia said.
Lopez, nicknamed "The Graduate," was captured in an apartment in a middle-class Mexico City neighbourhood in the early hours of Tuesday, a few weeks after a video emerged of them eating at a Mexico City restaurant.
They were held for several hours at the apartment with a heavy army presence outside the building before being sped in a convoy of white vehicles through the city to a unit of the attorney general's office, live TV footage showed.
Lopez is themselves a former security official, believed to have studied at Sinaloa's state university, who Mexican officials say played a role in orchestrating Guzman's first escape from prison in 2001, before joining the cartel.
The U.S Treasury Department in 2013 called them Guzman's "right hand man" and froze their U.S. assets. They were indicted by a federal grand jury in the same year, accused of importing $280 million of drugs to the United States.
Guzman, who broke out twice from prison in Mexico, was recaptured for the last time in January 2016. One of the world's most wanted drug lords, they were extradited to the United States to face charges there on Jan. 19, the eve of Donald Trump's inauguration as U.S. president.
Trump has vowed to break the power of transnational drug cartels and said that their planned wall on the U.S.-Mexico border would stem the flow of drugs into the United States. They have issued executive orders that aim to improve coordination between U.S. law enforcement agencies and their foreign partners.
(Reporting by Dave Graham and Miguel Gutierrez; Writing by Frank Jack Daniel; Editing by W Simon, Grant McCool and Lisa Shumaker)
Proposals to expand the city's information technology division and to designate a new firm to develop plans for a mass transit transfer center will top the agenda when the City Council meets Tuesday.
The meeting, which will include a session of the City Transit Trust, will begin at 6 p.m. in the auditorium of Lawton City Hall, Southwest 9th and C.
City Manager Jerry Ihler is recommending that the council agree to amend the 2017-18 city budget to include a new position: a director for what would become the information technology (IT) department (IT now is a division). The recommendation comes on the heels of a citywide computer network problem that hampered the city's digital capabilities for months, but it is the result of a directive the council issued in June to provide a comprehensive IT analysis.
That division is responsible for all computer-related issues in all city departments.
According to the agenda commentary, city officials want a "forward-thinking and efficient approach to enhance the IT function" and the city manager believes the city would benefit from an IT director who would be tasked with creating and implementing a business strategy for moving the city forward.
A man who saw red when a fines enforcement officer turned up at their home has been jailed after a court heard how they attacked them while wielding a pick axe handle.
Martin Pritchard, from Wrexham, admitted assault and possessing the wooden handle as a weapon and received a five-month prison sentence.
Judge Rhys Rowlands, who had been urged at Mold Crown Court to pass a suspended prison sentence, told them it would be “clearly wrong” not to send them straight to prison.
The victim, the judge said, was an individual carrying out their public duty in trying to enforce a court order, but they were attacked by Pritchard using a weapon.
Pritchard, of Ffordd Maelor, Rhosnesni, admitted assaulting Josef Minoli when they showed up at their home to collect outstanding fines, said barrister Karl Sholz, prosecuting.
They were not present initially but was contacted by phone at 12.20pm on April 20.
Pritchard, 35, was shouting and swearing and told the officer to get out of their house or they would do their van over and burn it out.
The victim requested police attendance as Pritchard arrived and continued to be verbally abusive.
They were holding the wooden handle of the pick axe in both hands and shouting at Mr Minoli.
Pritchard pushed the officer to try to remove them from the doorway before using the handle to hit them to their torso.
Mr Minoli fell to the floor and Pritchard raised the handle above their head as if they were going to strike the officer over the head.
But Mr Minoli, still on the phone to the police and fearing for their safety, jumped to their feet to get out of the way. Pritchard left the scene before the police arrived.
The victim had been wearing body armour but feared they could have been seriously hurt.
Interviewed, Pritchard said they were working when they received a call from their stepson saying there was a man at the door demanding money.
They had acted to protect their stepson, who had clearly been visibly upset by the presence of the enforcement officer.
Barrister Maria Massellis, defending, said Pritchard knew immediate custody was justified but added they could be punished in the community. They had lost their temper as their stepson was alone at the property when the officer called.
Pritchard, they said, was a carer for their mother who was ill, was the main breadwinner and had significant family responsibilities.
Judge Rowlands said Pritchard had been fined last year for a public order offence but it had not been paid. The court had to take enforcement action and an officer was sent to their home.
When Pritchard was contacted they were abusive and threatening and warned that if the officer did not leave then they would burn their van.
Pritchard arrived with a second man, shouted at them to leave, went to their vehicle and got a pick axe handle or something similar.
“You hit them to the left side of the body and then to the right,” the judge said.
They raised it a third time, there was a struggle and the second man who was not before the court joined in, jumping on the victim from behind.
Pritchard, in a remarkably arrogant way, started a countdown.
“When you got to zero goodness knows what would have happened to the debt collector,” the judge said.
Judge Rowlands said the victim had to take two days off work.
Sadly it was not out of character for Pritchard who had been before the court on a number of occasions.
The judge said they took into account the fine having been paid later the same day, that the defendant's mother was unwell and that Pritchard helped look after them and their partner's children.
Judge Rowlands said: “I am urged to draw back from an immediate custodial sentence but this was an assault on the victim with a weapon who was carrying out a pubic duty at the time.
“It would be wrong for this court to do anything other than send you to prison today.”
May 2 Spark Networks Inc
* Spark Networks and Affinitas GmbH have entered into a definitive agreement to combine in a stock-for-stock merger - SEC filing
* On projected 2018 basis, combined co expected to generate between $118 - $122 million in revenue, between $18 - $22 million in adjusted ebitda
* EliteSingles shareholders will own approximately 75% of combined company and spark shareholders will own approximately 25%
* New public entity is expected to be listed on nyse market exchange through an american depositary receipt
* Transaction has been approved by spark's board of directors
* Combined company will be organized as a european company
* Combined company will be named spark networks se and will be headquartered in Berlin, Germany
* Jeronimo Folgueira, CEO, EliteSingles, will serve as CEO and Robert O'Hare, Spark's CFO, will continue in that role with combined co
* Michael Schrezenmaier, managing director of EliteSingles, will become chief operating officer of combined co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Debanjan Bose)
LONDON (Reuters) - Germany's Angela Merkel has signalled readiness to increase public spending to secure an elusive coalition agreement with the rival Social Democrats, as talks look ever more likely to drag through a self-imposed weekend deadline into next week.
Merkel indicated late on Thursday that Germany's hefty upgrade of its growth forecast for this year offered “additional margin” for negotiators that could help seal a deal. Just how big that margin is will be the stuff of talks in coming hours, but it suggests Merkel's desire to compromise and get a deal done. It comes after it has started to dawn on many in their party just how big a potential shift in German policy on the eurozone is the accord already contained in the draft coalition deal.
Under that, Merkel has already accepted an “investment budget” for the single currency bloc and turning the ESM bailout mechanism into a full-blown European Monetary Fund under parliamentary control and anchored in European Union law. All of this in theory pushes Berlin closer to Paris' view of what the eurozone should be - but with much detail still to be ironed out, only an irrepressible optimist will be hailing progress for Europe at this stage.
Violence yesterday around the northern French port city of Calais showed yet again that the 2016 closure of the notorious "Jungle" migrant camp has done little to solve the underlying problems. Four migrants were in a critical condition after being shot during a brawl between Eritrean and Afghan migrants, with others also injured. This comes only weeks after French President Emmanuel Macron agreed additional support from Britain (where most of the migrants see their final destination) to manage security. Their interior minister is due to report on the situation this morning.
British Prime Minister Theresa May and their husband Philip visit Yu Yuan Garden in Shanghai, China February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Aly Song
British PM Theresa May comes away from China today with nine billion pounds worth of deals signed and warm words from their Chinese hosts, who congratulated them on a "pragmatic" approach that included not raising human rights issues in public. Trade - and the compromises the UK will have to make to get it - will be on top of their agenda when they get back to the UK: there are signs of new divisions within their cabinet on whether Britain could and should stick to EU customs union arrangements after leaving the bloc. Trade Minister Liam Fox is out this morning saying that would be very difficult.
MARKETS
The global bond selloff gathers pace, and equities are starting to feel the heat. Asian stocks fell on Friday and European markets, also hit by the strong euro, are expected to open lower too. Wall Street put in a more positive performance thanks to a sharp bounce in U.S. tech giants Amazon and Apple following their Q4 results. Earnings again in focus today, as is the U.S. employment report for January. But the relentless rise in bond yields will probably set the tone again. The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield is nudging 2.80 pct and the 30-year yield is back above 3 pct.
Rising yields on the back of strong economic growth is what you would expect, but how long can stock print record high after record high before a correction is triggered? Rising yields are posing a severe test for stocks, not only because the cost of capital is higher but because bonds are suddenly more attractive to investors. Strong corporate earnings may be needed to keep the equity rally on track.
Global Force Wrestling ring announcer David Penzer was a guest on the Wrestling Inc. Podcast last Wednesday where they talked about working for Eric Bischoff and on ring announcer pay in pro wrestling. On working for Eric Bischoff, Penzer commented:
"I really didn't have a lot of interaction with Eric Bischoff, as you can figure," said Penzer. "He definitely had a lot of bigger fish to fry. Eric wasn't one of those hey, shake your hand, pat you on the back bosses.
"He once told me that I worked hard. They had gone to bat on me for something and I said 'Thank you' and they said, 'You deserve it, you work hard.' Tony Schiavone was there and Tony said that's the biggest compliment Eric Bischoff could give you is that you work hard. Not that you do a good job, that you work hard. It wasn't management 101 but I took it and I had other people I reported directly to."
See Also Eric Bischoff Rips Bret Hart Over Claim That They Didn't Want To Bring Mike Tyson To WCW
"Eric was Eric," said Penzer. "Looking back at all the stuff they were dealing with, I don't know that I'd be 'pat you on the back either.' There's a lot of pressure."
David Penzer worked for WCW from the early 1990's through the company's closer in 2001. They were there throughout the Monday Night Wars as the ring announcer on WCW Monday Nitro.
Later in the podcast, Penzer talked about pay for ring announcers in professional wrestling and revealed he's never had a contract.
"I never had a contract, I always thought it was funny," said Penzer. "I was kidding with Bob Ryder about that the other day when I was at Impact, they were working on a contract for somebody, I don't know who it was and was like, 'You know, I never had a contract.' In WCW, I was an employee. At XWF [Jimmy Hart's Xcitement Wrestling Federation] I was in employee. At TNA, I was an independent contractor. You know, all the other places I worked, there was never a contract. All those years I never had a contract, I just thought that was interesting."
"It depends. I'll tell you what, there's not a lot of money on the independent scene and I get it," Penzer told the Wrestling Inc. Podcast. "Because you're promoting an independent show and you have a budget of say $5,000 and Wrestler A is $1000 that's going to headline, plus a plane ticket and a hotel. You want to get some other minor guys and you've got to get a ring and referees and you might say, 'Hey I've got to get a Justin Roberts or David Penzer or a Gary Cappetta but I'm running out of money. You know, the guy at the radio station offered to ring announce for me for free.' So I get it. If anybody ever asks me to do an indie show it's humbling that they would choose to spend that fraction of money to have me there."
"WCW I was an employee so it was a little different of a pay structure. But I had insurance and 401K and all that stuff and thank God I was an employee because it got me severance pay for almost a year for when the company went out of business. I don't know what I would have done without," said Penzer.
"So it wasn't the half million / $350,000 everybody else was making at the time at minimum but it was enough to live a nice life and take care of my family. And TNA at the time, it was on a per-shot basis and you know, it's very fair. It's certainly not wrestler money but I'm not taking bumps. I certainly don't expect to get wrestler money when I'm not taking bumps. I think I'm humble but I may not be. I may be an egoistical SOB but I know my place on the card, I know my place on the show and my place is not to be the face of the product and my place is not to be the star but to entertain the fans and announce the matches. And I'm cool with that. I'm just happy to be there for the ride."
You can listen to David Penzer's complete interview on the Wrestling Inc. Podcast in the video embedded above. If you use any quotes from this article, please be sure to credit the Wrestling Inc. Podcast.
The Wrestling Inc. Podcast airs post-WWE PPV Sundays immediately following the event with Matt Morgan, Glenn Rubenstein and Raj Giri. On Mondays immediately following WWE RAW with Matt Morgan, Glenn Rubenstein and Raj Giri and on Wednesdays at Noon ET with Raj Giri and Glenn Rubenstein. Episodes episodes are available by clicking here.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
UPDATE 1-Western Digital seeks court injunction to block sale of Toshiba chip unit
* Argues sale cannot be made without its consent (Adds comment from Western Digital CEO)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Opposition supporters hold posters and a cutout figure depicting Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev during a rally in front of a monument of Soviet state founder Vladimir Lenin in Vladivostok. The poster on the right reads: Pathetic. Cowardly. Thief. REUTERS/Yuri Maltsev
MOSCOW Protests across Russia on Sunday marked the coming of age of a new adversary for the Kremlin: a generation of young people driven not by the need for stability that preoccupies their parents but by a yearning for change.
Thousands of people took to the streets across Russia, with hundreds arrested. Many were teenagers who cannot remember a time before Vladimir Putin took power 17 years ago.
"I've lived all my life under Putin," said Matvei, a 17-year-old from Moscow, who said they came close to being detained at the protest on Sunday, but managed to run from the police.
"We need to move forward, not constantly refer to the past."
A year before Putin is expected to seek a fourth term, the protests were the biggest since the last presidential election in 2012.
The driving force behind the protests was Alexei Navalny, a 40-year-old anti-corruption campaigner who uses the Internet to spread their message, bypassing the state-controlled television stations where nearly all older Russians get their news.
"None of my peers watches television and they don't trust it," said Maxim, an 18-year-old from St Petersburg who took part in a protest there.
They said messages about the demonstration were shared among their friends via a group chat on a messaging app: "Half the group went to the demonstration."
Navalny, who was arrested at one of Sunday's protests, tailors their message for YouTube and VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook.
One of their recent videos, a 50 minute expose accusing Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev of secretly owning an archipelago of luxury homes, has been watched more than 14 million times on YouTube. Medvedev's spokesperson called the allegations "propagandistic attacks" unworthy of detailed comment and said they amounted to pre-election posturing by Navalny.
While older Russians may have turned a blind eye to official corruption during years when living standards improved, younger Russians speak of it in terms of moral outrage.
"Why do I believe that what is happening right now is wrong? Because when I was little, my mum read fairy tales to me, and they said you should not steal, you should not lie, you should not kill," said Katya, a 17-year-old who was at the protest in Moscow. "What I see happening now, you should not do," they said.
Like other students who spoke to Reuters at the demonstrations, Katya, Maxim and Matvei asked that their surnames not be published to avoid repercussions.
SOCIAL CONTRACT
Young people actively seeking change represent a new challenge for the Kremlin. It has built and maintained support for Putin for years by focussing mainly on ensuring stability, which Russians sought after the chaos of the immediate post-Soviet years.
Putin came to power after the 1990s, when the Soviet Union disintegrated and millions found themselves destitute. But young people who do not remember those times have different priorities than those even a few years older, said Yekaterina Schulmann, a political analyst.
"Our political regime is fixated on what it calls stability, that is a lack of change," they said. "The political machine believes the best offer it can make to society is 'Let's keep everything the way it is for as long as possible'."
"Young people need a model of the future, clear prospects, rules of the game which they recognise as fair, and ... a social leg-up. Not only do they not see any of that, no one is even talking about it," said Schulmann.
According to user data compiled from a social media page for people who said they planned to attend Sunday's protest in St Petersburg, more than one in six were aged under 21.
It is still too early to say whether the new phenomenon will emerge as a serious challenge to Putin's rule. It could be a burst of youthful idealism that fizzles out.
In any case, opinion polls show that Putin will win comfortably if, as most people expect, they run for president next year.
Their most serious rival for the presidency, Navalny, trails far behind in polls and could be barred from running because of an old criminal conviction which they say is political.
Still, the involvement of so many young people has forced the Russian authorities to pay attention.
A Kremlin spokesperson said youngsters had been offered money by protest organisers to show up. The Kremlin offered no evidence to support this allegation, and none of the young people who spoke to Reuters said they had been offered payment.
Several students said school and university authorities had warned them before the protests they could be punished for taking part.
Pavel, a 20-year-old studying to be a veterinarian who attended a protest in Moscow, said it was worth it to risk some of Russia's stability in the hope of change.
"Yes, maybe it will be negative; yes, maybe there won't be the stability that we have now. But for a person in the 21st century it's shameful to live in the kind of stability we have now."
(Additional reporting by Natalia Shurmina in Yekaterinburg, Russia; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Peter Graff)
Nia Jax vs. RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss is now official for WrestleMania 34 after RAW General Manager Kurt Angle made the announcement on tonight's RAW.
WrestleMania 34 takes place on April 8th from the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans.
Below is the updated card and what the final card might look like. Some of the rumored matches are based on the current booking direction.
Confirmed Matches:
WWE Universal Title Match
Roman Reigns vs. Brock Lesnar
WWE Title Match
Shinsuke Nakamura vs. AJ Styles
Triple Threat for the WWE Intercontinental Title
Seth Rollins vs. Finn Balor vs. The Miz
RAW Women's Title Match
Nia Jax vs. Alexa Bliss
SmackDown Women's Title Match
Asuka vs. Charlotte Flair
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Braun Strowman and a partner vs. Cesaro and Sheamus
Finals of the WWE Cruiserweight Title Tournament
Cedric Alexander vs. Mustafa Ali or Drew Gulak
Ronda Rousey and Kurt Angle vs. Triple H and Stephanie McMahon
First-Ever WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal
Rumored Matches & Matches Expected To Change
WWE United States Title Match
Bobby Roode vs. Randy Orton
(rumored to be changed to a Triple Threat with Jinder Mahal)
SmackDown Tag Team Title Match
The New Day vs. The Bludgeon Brothers vs. The Usos
John Cena vs. The Undertaker
Kevin Owens vs. Sami Zayn
(rumored to be changed to Sami vs. Owens vs. Shane McMahon, possibly with Daniel Bryan as special referee)
Fifth Annual Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Protesters rally over torture death at the SLO County Jail
March 18, 2018
Dozens of protesters gathered Saturday afternoon outside the San Luis Obispo courthouse seeking the resignation of Sheriff Ian Parkinson and District Attorney Dan Dow. The rally follows the release of a video that confirmed earlier CalCoastNews reports regarding the death of Andrew Holland.
For years, the sheriff's department has violated California laws regarding the treatment of mentally ill inmates, according to state reports. After Holland began harming himself, deputies strapped them naked in a restraint chair where Holland remained for 46 hours. Holland died shortly after deputies released them from the chair and dumped them on the cement floor of the drunk tank, from a blood clot that traveled from their leg to their lung.
Following Holland's death, in an apparent coverup, the the sheriff's department disbursed false information including that Holland likely died of respiratory arrest, that Holland was continually under a physicians care, that their department followed state laws regarding the treatment of the mentally ill and that medical staff had ordered that Holland remain in the chair.
As part of the ongoing protest, the SLO Progressives plan to have volunteers sit in a chair with a helmet for 46 hours to symbolize the last days of Holland's life. The protesters are asking attendees to sign a petition demanding Parkinson step down.
San Luis Obispo Mayor Heidi Harmon, who failed for months to comment on civil rights violations at the jail and the death of Holland, which was first reported by CCN more than a year ago, appeared to chastise other elected officials for not attending the rally sponsored by a political group they co-founded, the SLO County Progressives. Harmon also voiced fears for their safety because of their attendance at the rally.
“I also want to thank my fellow council member, Andy Pease, for being the only other elected official out of hundreds of local officials to be here today,” Harmon said. “It takes courage. So I appreciate that. So if they come after us, I will at least have a buddy.”
Last summer, Harmon sought police protection after a gay pride flag that was hanging on the roof of their porch was stolen, placed in the gutter and torched.
Loading...
Industry Highlights:
The Aircraft Leasing Industry is one of the most recognized industries across the globe. In the recent years, the leasing activities on aircraft have been increased from 2% in 1980 to more than 50% in 2016. This has shown that there is a complete dominance of leasing companies over the global market. After 9/11 attacks, the aircraft leasing activities have substantially increased from 25% in 2001 to 40% in 2014. The major reason for this change was that previously the commercial banks were the main source of aircraft financing and after that the other leasing companies have gained traction to establish themselves into the aircraft market. Aircraft Leasing Market has gained a huge traction around the globe owing to the increased Air Travel rate.
According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The Aircraft Leasing Market is projected to grow at a rapid pace and gain further prominence during the forecast period (2016 – 2023). The Market is forecasted to demonstrate an aggrandized growth by 2023, surpassing its previous growth records; by posting a decent CAGR during the forecasted period 2016-2023. The global aircraft leasing market is expected to reach USD 62,221.8 Million by 2023 with a growing CAGR of 4.75%.
The Aircraft Leasing market is predominantly driven by the heavy investments transpired and the numerous companies that are opting for leasing of aircraft. Major influencing factors that have driven the global aircraft leasing market are the dominance of Irish and Chinese companies. Ireland is one if the major hub for aircraft leasing which has consumed around half of the market share of the global market. As a result, Europe has become the major revenue generator for the global market. Additionally, the rising demand for wet leasing market is also driving the market as several new airlines companies are emerging into the market. Subsequently, the execution VAT on aircraft leasing has also boosted up the market growth.
On the other hand, the rising prices of crude oil and complicated and unclear leasing regulations and taxation policies could affect the market growth of aircraft leasing market. Adversely, industry's capital discipline has improved, since 2010 airlines have consistently spent less on investment than they generate in cash flow.
AerCap, Air Lease Corporation, BOC Aviation, GECAS, BBAM, CIT Commercial Air, Aviation Capital Group, Boeing Capital Corporation, SAAB Aircraft Leasing, and International Lease Finance Corporation are some of the prominent players at the forefront of competition in the Global Market of Aircraft Leasing and are profiled in MRFR Analysis.
Competitive Analysis
Characterized by the presence of several major well-established players, the global Market of Aircraft Leasing appears to be highly competitive. Well established players incorporate acquisition, collaboration, partnership, expansion, and technology & product launch in order to gain competitive advantage in this market and to maintain their market position. Strategic partnerships between Key players support the growth and expansion plans of the key players during the forecast period. The Key players operating in the market compete based on pricing, technology, reputation and services. Growth potential demonstrated by the market is attracting several new entrants to the market. Key Players are looking up to expand in developing economies. Lessors reduce the burden of capital funding on airlines by buying aircraft and then leasing the assets to airlines. The lessors obtain their funding from the same mix of sources as the industry as a whole.
Industry News:
September 2017, Singapore Technologies (ST) Engineering's aerospace arm ST Aerospace invests US$10.5 million into ST Aerospace Resources for a flow through injection into Keystone Holdings (Global) to expand its aircraft leasing business.
September 2017, Standard Chartered announced that through Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited, it has established an aviation leasing company – Pembroke Aircraft Leasing (Tianjin) Limited (Pembroke) in the Dongjiang Free Trade Port zone (DFTP) in Tianjin.
For further information on this report, visit @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aircraft-leasing-market-4247
Regional Analysis
Geographically, European region have accounted the largest market for global aircraft leasing market owing to the presence of wide range of leasing companies in Ireland. Moreover, Ireland is the major hub for leasing of aircraft consuming around 50% of the total market. Asia-Pacific is the second and the fastest growing region as several coming are coming into operations in China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia and others.
Ireland has established itself as a global hub for aircraft leasing with more than 50% of the total market and out of 15 global lessors 14 global lessors operates from Ireland.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Primary Medical Packaging Material Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Primary Medical Packaging Material market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Avery Dennison Corporation (U.S.), 3M Company (U.S.), E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (U.S.), CCL Industries, Inc. (Canada), Amcor Limited (Australia), Constantia Flexibles Group GmbH (Austria), Constantia Flexibles Group GmbH (Austria), Sonoco Products Company (U.S.), WestRock Company (U.S.). This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Primary Medical Packaging Material Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-primary-medical-packaging-material-market/10350/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Primary Medical Packaging Material market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Primary Medical Packaging Material market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Primary Medical Packaging Material Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Primary Medical Packaging Material. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Primary Medical Packaging Material in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Polymer, Paper & paperboard, Non-woven fabric, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Medical equipment & tools, Medical devices, IVDs, Implants.
Key Highlights Of The Primary Medical Packaging Material Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-primary-medical-packaging-material-market/10350/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Primary Medical Packaging Material new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Primary Medical Packaging Material market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Primary Medical Packaging Material industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
FILE PHOTO: A worker packs pipelines onto a truck at a local plastic pipe factory in Donghegang village on the outskirts of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
BEIJING China's factory sector lost momentum in April, with growth slowing to its weakest pace in seven months as domestic and export demand faltered and commodity prices fell, a private survey showed on Tuesday.
The findings echoed those in official manufacturing and service sector data on Sunday, reinforcing views that China's economic growth remains solid but is starting to moderate after a surprisingly strong start to the year.
The Caixin/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' index (PMI) fell to 50.3 in April, missing economist forecasts' of 51.0 and a significant decline from March's 51.2.
The index remained above the 50.0 mark which separates expansion from contraction on a monthly basis, but only just, and grew at its slowest pace since September 2016.
The private factory survey suggested growth faded at a shaper pace than the official reading, but economists largely attributed the softening in both cases to a pullback in global commodity prices and signs of moderating in China's red-hot housing market after a flurry of government cooling measures.
Betty Wang, senior China economist at ANZ, said many companies had "too strong" a bullish view when global commodity prices began rallying late last year, but that trend is now changing, making firms more cautious about spending.
Coupled with more property tightening measures hitting the real estate sector -- a major driver for China's economy -- since March, market expectations may have started to reverse, they add.
The private survey showed production growth and total new orders rose at the slowest pace since last September, with both showing only slight improvement from the previous month.
Sharp falls in prices of iron ore, steel and other raw materials led to a sharp cooling in producer price inflation, which has helped some firms' such as steel mills and smelters post their strongest profits in years.
The official manufacturing PMI fell less sharply but still slid to a six-month low of 51.2 in April from March's near five-year high of 51.8, according to data at the weekend. Analysts had expected a reading of 51.6.
Growth in China's services sector slowed to 54.0 in April, from the previous month's 55.1, but remained robust.
SLOW MODERATION EXPECTED, NOT SHARP COOLDOWN
China's economy expanded 6.9 percent in the first quarter, fuelled by a construction boom. That is likely to give it enough of a tailwind to hit Beijing's full-year target of around 6.5 percent even if growth slowly fades in coming months as many analysts predict.
ANZ's Wang said the loss of momentum in the monthly activity surveys does not portend a growing risk of a hard landing at least in the short-term, noting the government in general still remain supportive of credit conditions for the real economy despite a crackdown in certain sectors such as real estate and interbank lending.
But analysts do expect growth to slow in the next quarters, estimating the softening seen in the surveys will eventually emerge in hard data such as investment.
Julian Evans-Pritchard, Singapore-based economist at Capital Economics, said in a note that the Caixin PMI fits with their view that underlying investment demand has weakened recently despite faster nominal growth in capital spending.
Those concerns, along with a tightening regulatory crackdown on riskier forms of lending and speculation, saw Chinese stocks post their worst month of the year in April.
Indeed, the degree of business confidence in April was the lowest so far this year, the survey noted, although companies generally expect output to increase over the next year.
Worries about operating costs and economic conditions weighed on confidence, though other survey respondents pointed to positives such as new product launches and a moderation in soaring input prices that have been squeezing profit margins for companies in the middle of supply chains.
Growth in total new orders slowed sharply to 50.9 from 52.7 in March, with the rate of expansion in new export orders also easing.
"The Chinese economy may be starting to embrace a downward trend in the near term as prices of industrial products decline and active restocking comes to an end," Zhong said.
The pace of job shedding also intensified in April to a three-month high as a result of cost-reduction efforts and the non-replacement of voluntary leavers and retirees.
Compared with the official PMI, the Caixin/Markit survey tends to focus more on small- and mid-sized manufacturers. Both reports, however, suggested that smaller firms are under more pressure than their larger, state-backed peers.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Kim Coghill)
A taxi driver has expressed disgust at finding a syringe and needle in the back seat after dropping a fare off from Londonderry's city centre.
The driver warned that a child or unsuspecting passenger could have found or sat on the needle, had it not been discovered inside the vehicle on Thursday.
The driver said that at around 9 pm, two women, aged in their 30s, were driven from the city centre to the Brandywell area.
“Just after I dropped them off, I went around the corner and heard something fall off the seat and hit the side panel. I got out, looked and found the needle and took a photograph of it," the driver said.
“I was disgusted because a lot of people don't realise a taxi driver not only uses their or their car for businesses, but it is also a family car.
“If I hadn't seen it, what if one of my kids had found it or if it had fallen down the middle of the seat somebody might have sat on it? That could have meant three months of health checks to make sure there were no blood disorders.
“In your taxi you could have people of all ages at this time of year.
“You could have hundreds of people in your car each week.”
The driver has discussed the size and style of the syringe and needle with various people and said that it seems unlikely it was used for any medical, cosmetic or fitness purpose and was most likely used for hard drugs, possibly heroin.
“I don't think they were using it in the back of my car, and it's not about the girls using drugs, that's their choice, but it's the recklessness of leaving that in the car for anybody to find or anybody to sit on,” the driver said.
The driver made certain that the syringe and needle were safely disposed of.
1 2 3 4 5 Martin Elkort Photography Blind Musician, Lower East Side 1948 Puppy Love, Coney Island 1950 Washington Square 1948
End
-- The life and work of acclaimed documentary street photographer, thoughtful photography essayist and author Martin Elkort will endure long after their recent death. Elkort gained international acclaim for the iconic black and white photographs that captured everyday life in the streets and shops of New York City. Throughout the 1940's and 1950's, Martin roamed the urban landscape of New York City in search of the perfect picture. Their indelible images of simpler times remind us that the human experience can be a joyous one. Poignant and insightful, their photographs reflect the Great American Melting Pot in all its unpolished glory.Elkort, who died peacefully in their Los Angeles home at the age of 87 with their family, friends, and wits about him, was born in New York City on April 18, 1929.  They are preceded in death by the love of their life, Edythe Elkort, their wife of 63 years. They leaf behind three adult children, four grandchildren, three young great-grandchildren, relatives and countless friends, followers and fans around the globe.Elkort's work is widely exhibited and appears in the permanent collections of The Museum of Modern Art, The Getty Museum, The Columbus Museum of Art, The Museum of Fine Arts Houston, The Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C., The Jewish Museum in Brooklyn, and galleries, corporate and private collections.A documentary," is a heartfelt tribute created in 2014 by Stefani Twyford, Elkort's eldest daughter and award-winning producer. It can be viewed for free at www.martinelkort.com . Prints of Elkort's photographs and their most recent book "Children: Behind the Lens" are available for purchase on the website as well. This 69-page study of childhood features 62 of Elkort's most intriguing black & white images of children punctuated with their eloquent reflections on photography and their creative process.Developing a love of photography during the Great Depression, Elkort sold their first professional image for publication in a newspaper at the age of 10. Soon after, Elkort contracted polio and was confined to a hospital for four months. As a gift to assist in their recovery, Elkort's parents bought them a Ciroflex camera, and Elkort's passion for photographing the unvarnished human experience was ignited.While studying painting at Cooper Union in New York City, Martin joined the New York Photo League, an organization of photographers that served as the center of the documentary movement in American photography. There they studied under masters and became adept at what they referred to as 'stealth photography.' They developed the skill of walking right up to a person and taking their photo without them even realizing it. Martin's indelible images of simpler times remind us that the human experience is a tapestry woven of joys and sorrows, labor and leisure. They have successfully captured the many dimensions and experiences of life in a very authentic and compelling way.To read Martin Elkort's obituary, please visit http://www.legacy.com/ obituaries/nytimes/ obituary.aspx? pi... For more information on the life and work of Martin Elkort, please contact Stefani Twyford at stwyford@legacymultimedia.com or 281-639-8447.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — A 35-year-old man accused of being involved in a 2014 home invasion that led to a St. Louis man's death has been convicted of second-degree murder.
Cortez McClinton was also convicted of kidnapping, burglary and armed criminal action Thursday.
Prosecutors say McClinton and 31-year-old Terrell Johnson were masked and armed when they approached a 17-year-old girl outside their Bevo Mill neighborhood home in June 2014. Authorities say the girl's father fired several shots at the men as they entered the home, striking both. The girl's mother fired once with another gun but didn't hit anyone.
Johnson was fatally wounded and McClinton fled the scene and was taken to a hospital by their brother, where they were treated for gunshot wounds to their chest and thighs.
McClinton's sentencing hearing is scheduled for March 18.
According to a new report from IDC, Apple once again overtook Samsung as the top smartphone company during the final quarter of last year. The Korean firm led the way for the first three quarters of 2017, but the release of the iPhone 8, 8 Plus, and X helped push Cupertino into first place. The data also shows that global smartphone shipments fell 6.3 percent compared to the same period last year.
Apple might be experiencing mixed emotions right now. An earlier report from Canalys states that while the iPhone X was the best-shipping smartphone over the holidays (29 million units), it still fell below expectations. This was followed by reports that Apple would be slashing production of its flagship handset in half due to weaker-than-anticipated sales.
However, the company just posted record quarterly earnings of $88.3 billion, up 16 percent YoY. Tim Cook said growth included the highest revenue ever from a new iPhone lineup, and that the iPhone X has been Apple's top-selling iPhone every week since it shipped in November—the company doesn't give sales breakdowns of its individual handsets.
According to IDC, 403.5 million smartphones were shipped in the fourth quarter, 6.3 percent fewer than the 430.7 million that were shipped in Q4 2016. Apple's phones accounted for 77.3 million of these, giving it a 19.2 percent market share, putting it ahead of Samsung, which shipped 74.1 million units and took an 18.4 percent share.
Despite taking the lead, Apple saw a 1.3 percent fall in shipments compared to a year earlier, but it wasn't as bad as the 4.4 percent decrease suffered by Samsung. The only company in the top five that didn't experience a drop was Xiaomi. The Chinese firm shipped almost 97 percent more handsets (28.1 million) in Q4 2017 than in Q4 2016 (14.3 million).
Vendor Q4 2017 Shipment Volumes Q4 2017 Market Share Q4 2016 Shipment Volumes Q4 2016 Market Share Year-Over-Year Change Apple 77.3 19.2% 78.3 18.2% -1.3% Samsung 74.1 18.4% 77.5 18.0% -4.4% Huawei 41.0 10.2% 45.4 10.5% -9.7% Xiaomi 28.1 7.0% 14.3 3.3% 96.9% Oppo 27.4 6.8% 31.6 7.3% -13.2% Others 151.3 38.6% 183.7 42.7% -17.6% Total 403.5 100.0% 430.7 100.0% -6.3%
Along with the other two Chinese giants—Huawei and Oppo—Xiaomi retained its position in the top five last quarter.
Looking at the figures for the year, it's Samsung that sits on top, having shipped over 100 million more units than second-place Apple. Xiaomi, meanwhile, replaced Vivo as the fifth-largest smartphone maker. Yearly global shipments are down, though only by 0.1 percent.
Vendor 2017 Shipment Volumes 2017 Market Share 2016 Shipment Volumes 2016 Market Share Year-Over-Year Change Samsung 317.3 21.6% 311.4 21.1% 1.9% Apple 215.8 14.7% 215.4 14.6% 0.2% Huawei 153.1 10.4% 139.3 9.5% 9.9% Oppo 111.8 7.6% 99.8 6.8% 12.0% Xiaomi 92.4 6.3% 53.0 3.6% 74.5% Others 577.7 39.5% 654.5 44.4% -11.7% Total 1472.4 100.0% 1473.4 100.0% -0.1%
"Many high-profile companies offered their widest product portfolio every in hopes of capturing a greater audience. Meanwhile, brands outside the top 5 struggled to maintain momentum as value brands such as Honor, Vivo, Xiaomi, and OPPO offered incredible competition at the low end, and brands like Apple, Samsung, and Huawei maintained their stronghold on the high end," said Jitesh Ubrani, Senior Research Analyst, IDC.
People including relatives of victims of the Monday's metro bombing attend a memorial service at the Trinity Cathedral in St.Petersburg, Russia, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Anton Vaganov
A still image of suspect Akbarzhon Jalilov walking at St Petersburg's metro station is shown in this police handout photo obtained by 5th Channel Russia April 4, 2017. 5th Channel Russia/via Reuters
(Corrects spelling of suspect's family name in paragraphs 26-27)
By Polina Nikolskaya and Hulkar Isamova
ST PETERSBURG, Russia/OSH, Kyrgyzstan The man Russian police believe was the suicide bomber who killed 14 people in a blast on the St Petersburg metro this week developed an interest in Islam and soon after travelled to Turkey, two people who know them told Reuters.
The two people said they did not know for sure if the man, Akbarzhon Jalilov, went on from Turkey to neighbouring Syria. Turkey has been routinely used by radical Islamists as a route into areas of Syria controlled by the Islamic State group.
If Jalilov had been in Syria, that would expose a major gap in Russia's counter-terrorism procedures, which rely heavily on identifying anyone who has been with militants in Syria and stopping them from returning to Russia, or arresting them.
The metro blast happened on Monday afternoon just as Russian President Vladimir Putin visited St Petersburg. No group has claimed responsibility. But Islamic State has threatened acts of violence on Russian soil in reprisal for the Kremlin's military intervention in Syria in support of President Bashar al-Assad.
Jalilov, the suspected suicide bomber, was born in 1995 and grew up in the city of Osh in Kyrgyzstan, a mainly Muslim ex-Soviet Republic in Central Asia.
Around 2011 they moved to St Petersburg. They worked in low-paid jobs for several years. Photographs posted on social media showed a stylishly dressed young man. Their online posts offered no hint of any ties to Islamist militants.
But there is a gap in Jalilov's biography from the end of 2015 until the start of this year. During that period several acquaintances said they disappeared from view.
They reappeared when they visited Osh in February this year. In March they returned to St Petersburg and rented an apartment from where they set off on the day of the bombing carrying a rucksack and a bag.
By speaking to several people who knew Jalilov well, Reuters has been able to piece together a picture of their life in the missing years.
FINDING RELIGION
According to someone from Osh who worked as a cook alongside Jalilov in a St Petersburg restaurant in 2014, they were an even-tempered young man who did not drink or use swear words.
"I would have said firmly that Akbar was not capable of doing anything bad," said the source, using an abbreviation of Jalilov's name. The source asked not to be identified because they did not want the authorities to associate them with a suicide bomber.
The two worked in the same outlet of the Sushi Wok restaurant chain.
During the course of 2014, said the former work colleague, Jalilov developed an interest in Islam. They prayed, went to the mosque, read the Koran, and started growing a beard. But the source said they did not notice any signs of extremism.
The second source, another native of Osh who also worked with Jalilov in St Petersburg, said they too are aware that Jalilov had acquired an interest in religion. But they said Jalilov never tried to push their faith onto anyone else.
During 2015, said the first source, Jalilov left St Petersburg. The source said they heard from other cooks at the restaurant that before leaving, Jalilov had said they were going to Turkey.
They said, according to the source, that "there are good jobs in Turkey, and things aren't working out (with work) in St Petersburg."
The second source, who also did not want to be identified, told Reuters they knew from Jalilov that they went to Turkey. The source said Jalilov had travelled there in November 2015, to join their uncle who was living in the Turkish region of Antalya.
Contacted by Reuters in Osh, Jalilov's uncle, Khasan Kuchkarov, told Reuters they had lived in Antalya but left in September 2015 and was unaware of Jalilov travelling there.
After Jalilov's departure from St Petersburg, there was talk among their old work colleagues, and among people who knew them back in Osh, that they had gone to Syria, both of the sources said. But neither of them knew for sure if they were in Syria, they said.
Officials in Russia's Investigative Committee, the state body investigating the metro bombing, and in the Federal Security Service, declined to comment on whether Jalilov travelled to Turkey or Syria.
APARTMENT SUSPECTS
Russian law enforcement agencies have arrested eight people on suspicion of involvement in the metro bombing. Six were detained at an apartment on Tovarishcheskii Avenue in a residential suburb of St Petersburg, and two in Moscow.
In the apartment, law enforcement officers found an explosive device identical to one which, police say, Jalilov had left at a metro station before going on to blow up the carriage in another part of the subway system. The device they left, hidden inside a fire extinguisher, did not go off.
At a court arraignment hearing on Friday, only one of the detainees, Ibrahibzhon Ermatov, 24, said they knew Jalilov. They said they had worked together in a Sushi Wok branch in Vsevolozhsk, a town near St Petersburg. Ermatov denied being a supporter of Islamic State.
The first of the two sources who knew Jalilov said the apartment on Tovarishcheskii Street was used by some people as a temporary stopping off point for workers arriving in St Petersburg from Osh.
They said new arrivals found out about the 32 square-metre apartment via friends, and there was a regular turnover of tenants. Neighbours confirmed that to Reuters. The source said they had once stayed there themselves for a day before moving on to longer-term accommodation.
The source said Jalilov had not stayed at the apartment, to their knowledge. They said they knew one of the apartment tenants who had been arrested, Dilmurod Muidinov, from back home in Osh. Muidinov also worked for the Sushi Wok restaurant chain.
The source said Muidinov had arrived in St Petersburg a few months ago, and that they did not know Jalilov.
(Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova, Svetlana Reiter and Denis Pinchuk in MOSCOW, and Olzhas Auyezov in ALMATY; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Tesco's customer-first strategy will chafe investors. Britain's biggest grocer by market share reported its first full year of like-for-like sales growth in its core market in seven years on Wednesday. Boss Dave Lewis hopes to shield shoppers from rising prices and avoid crushing suppliers. The risk is that they have to fund that plan with the spoils of Tesco's 3.7 billion pound ($4.6 billion) purchase of wholesaler Booker.
There is a lot to like in Tesco's recent performance. A group operating margin of 2.3 percent gets the supermarket closer to its ambitious target of 3.5 percent to 4 percent in three years' time. Operating profit in the UK and Ireland ticked up 60 percent to 803 million pounds in the 52 weeks to Feb. 25 compared with a year earlier.
The problem is how little is trickling down to shareholders. Customers are doing fine – a typical basket of goods is still 6 percent cheaper than in late 2014. That's despite food prices turning inflationary since February following almost three years of deflation, according to the Office for National Statistics. Suppliers may be taking some pain but Lewis can at least placate them with promises to shift higher volumes.
Prioritising market share in this way costs money. While Tesco won't say how much, a slug of the 455 million pounds of costs taken out of the business in the last financial year were used to keep a lid on prices. That narrows the price gap between Tesco and its German nemeses Aldi and Lidl, but hits margins. When Tesco's international business is stripped out, a UK operating margin of 1.8 percent lags what both J Sainsbury and WM Morrison manage. The risk is that as inflationary pressures ramp up further, some of the synergies of the Booker deal, conservatively estimated at 200 million pounds annually three years into the combination, wind up in shoppers' pockets rather than shareholders.
Tesco's recent pledge to resume a dividend payment can't come soon enough. Since Lewis took over in late 2014, but after the adverse market reaction to its accounting scandal, Tesco shareholders have received a 2 percent annual return while Morrisons returned 20 percent. Prioritising volumes over earnings is a valid strategy, but just like fickle grocery shoppers, investors have choices elsewhere.
City Beat News launches its new Premier Agent designation for real estate professionals who provide excellent customer service.
Contact
Jamie Rawcliffe
***@citybeatnews.com Jamie Rawcliffe
End
-- City Beat News (CBN), renowned for its research and coverage of customer service excellence in many fields, announces its first ever Premier Agent designation for real estate agents.CBN, a national publication and research company founded in 2009, identifies top service providers across the United States based upon its independent research. The highest rated companies and professionals earn the Spectrum Award.The best real estate agents service their clientele in a manner that is different than most other businesses and professionals. CBN determined that its Real Estate Agent research and the resulting recognition should reflect this distinctiveness in the form of the new Premier Agent title.To date there are limited ways homebuyers and sellers can supplement the standard word-of-mouth referrals in selecting an agent based on the quality of their or their service. CBN developed its research methods to collect and evaluate online information, nominations and other sources of marketplace feedback to assess quality of customer service and degree of satisfaction. CBN analyzes all available data to formulate a sound customer satisfaction rating for the provider. Ratings are announced on a rolling annual basis."We've researched the customer service performance histories of more than 150,000 real estate agents nationally, and less than 10% earn the City Beat News Premier Agent certification,"says Frank Andrews, Founder of The Stirling Center. "The research is done at absolutely no charge to the businesses and professionals evaluated for the Spectrum Award. That allows CBN to maintain the objectivity leading to fair and balanced results."CBN and The Stirling Center have paired in the past to spotlight, encourage and promote customer experience excellence. They provide a means for consumers to identify and confirm such excellence, as well as coaching, training and support for excellence providers.The Stirling Center includes a learning and resource center with courses, team training and support, executive coaching, articles, and case studies focused on encouraging and promoting excellence since it believes, as simply stated in its motto, that "More Excellence is Better." Its objective is to enable and encourage excellence across many fields, including customer service. The Stirling Center recognizes service excellence in both commercial businesses such as those served by City Beat News, and its "life" and "public service" divisions.City Beat News and The Stirling Center are located in Lapeer, Michigan. For more information, call 866-732-9800 or go online to www.citybeatnews.com and www.stirlingcenter.org
Today's release of “The Avengers: Infinity War” is a huge deal.
It's been ten years since that Iron Man film came out—bit by bit, over the course of 18 movies—and the monumental Marvel Cinematic Universe was built. Characters beloved by old and new fans found their lives and stories intertwined and here we are, on the verge of meeting the villain Thanos and wrapping up this looming story arc.
Directors Joe and Anthony Russo came up with the hashtag #ThanosDemandsYourSilence as the movie starts rolling out around the world. In a letter to their fans, they wrote: “We're asking…you maintain that same level of secrecy so that all the fans can have an equal experience when they watch it for the first time.”
There are no midnight screenings and no screenings for the press here. It could be, while you're reading this, fans have gotten their hands on tickets the breakfast time screenings today. Marvel Studios decided to release the film one week ahead of time for everybody.
They've just been full of rewards and surprises for the fans. On April 15, Disney assembled fans for an event at Megamall Cinema 7. The audience was told they'd be recording a message for the cast. Next thing you know, Joe Russo (director), Benedict Cumberbatch (Dr. Strange) and Karen Gillan (Nebula) are saying hi to everyone one via a live chat from Singapore!
I was lucky enough to interact with Scottish actor Karen Gillan and ask them how the very nuanced Nebula has evolved from the first Guardians of the Galaxy to Avengers: Infinity War.
They answered: “Nebula has definitely evolved a lot over the course of these movies. In the very first Guardians movie, they were very much a villain; they were on the bad side. Then in the second Guardians movie, we got to learn a little bit about their backstory, and their whole upbringing with Thanos. It was quite an abusive relationship and she's come out of that very tormented and bitter and that's definitely going to come into play in the Avengers film.
“She has a very specific, terrible relationship with their father, Thanos so they have very strong agenda to take them down and it's going to be a bit of a cathartic experience for them I think.”
That's all they could say with out revealing too much.
Avengers: Infinity War is showing, everywhere, right here, right now at all times of the day, in all different formats available.
THE Department of Education (DepEd) has assured public school teachers that their performance-based bonus (PBB) will be released in December.
Advertisements
“We are trying our best that they will receive this by the end of this year,” Assistant Secretary Tonisito Umali said at the sidelines of this year's celebration of National Teachers' Day in Legazpi City, Albay province on Thursday.
The bonuses will be given based on the individual performance evaluation of a teacher and on the school's liquidation reports where the teacher is teaching.
“In the past, we had so many criteria. Now, you are looking at the performance of the school, and there were some issues on that. So now, we only have two criteria . . . the amount is 50 percent to 65 percent of their salary, so almost more than half compared to previous years which is P5,000 to P35,000,” Umali said.
PBB is one of two incentives given under Executive Order 80 signed by former president Benigno Aquino 3rd on July 2012. The other benefit is the productivity enhancement incentive (PEI) amounting to P5,000 and is given to all government officials and employees.
It varies from P5,000 to a maximum of P35,000 depending on the performance rating of individual employees and the agency or office to which they belong.
Previously, teachers and government employees received a one-time PEI amounting to P10,000 every December.
Carnfunnock Country Park will be marking World Photo Day this Saturday, August 19.
There will be a special treasure hunt and the photo day event will run from 11.00 am until 5.00 pm, with £2 cost for the treasure hunt.
Visitors are being encouraged to go along and capture images in the park; photographers of all levels of ability can register on the World Photo Day site at www. worldphotoday.com
The event, the initiative of Australian photographer Korshe Aram, is marking its 8th year and started in 2010 with just 250 people registered to participate.
Last year 500 million people shared in the event.
Mom's Choice Awards® is pleased to announce the latest products & services to earn our distinction. The products & services you see here have been rigorously evaluated by consumers & experts around the world & are held to the highest standards.
MC- 650 x 340 (WP & Gleam Featured Image)-3
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Books
* Awards
* Toys Industry:
* Books Location:
* Chesapeake - Virginia - US Subject:
* Awards
Media Contact
Mom's Choice Awards®
7574109409
***@momschoiceawards.com Mom's Choice Awards®7574109409
End
-- Summary: Mom's Choice Awards® is pleased to announce the latest products and services to earn our distinction. The products and services you see here have been rigorously evaluated by consumers and experts around the world and are held to the highest standards of excellence.*** September Highlights ***is a book that explores why reading continues to be special in a digital world. It tells the story of how Paige, a living book, finds a way to compete with Sal, a resident mobile phone. Sal's so impressed with themselves and attention-seeking (unfortunately, just like a real smart phone), it's hard for Paige to be heard.The award-winningare made with 100% recyclable material. Besides supporting environmental-conservation by helping kids learn about eco-friendly behaviors, Zeenie Dollz also supports environmental efforts across the globe. A portion of Zeenie Dollz sales goes to support either an environmental or animal conservationist organization.are educational picture books that help teach children what to do in case of a disaster in a way that empowers rather than frightens them.Full Release:Mom's Choice Awards® (MCA) evaluates products and services created for children, families, and educators. The program is globally recognized for establishing the benchmark of excellence in family-friendly media, products and services. The evaluation process uses a proprietary methodology in which entries are scored on a number of elements including production quality, design, educational value, entertainment wcj value, originality, appeal and cost."Our aim is to introduce families and educators to best-in-class products and services," explains Dawn Matheson, Executive Director of the Mom's Choice Awards®. "We are passionate about helping families grow emotionally, physically and spiritually. Parents and educators know that products and services bearing our seal of approval are high-quality, great value purchases. The MCA evaluation program is designed to incorporate the expertise of scientists, physicians and other specialists;but we also engage parents, children, educators, and caregivers because they are experts in knowing what is best for their families."This month, Mom's Choice Awards® has selected winners in the following categories:• Apps and Software• Children's Picture Books• Toys, Games & Puzzles• Young Adult Books• Adult BooksTo see the full list of September 2017 award-winning products, please view the full media release here: https://www.momschoiceawards.com/ pr-september- 2017/?utm_s...
- Above is slow motion video from last night's WWE RAW main event, which saw Braun Strowman and Big Show do battle until the ring imploded.
WWE has a new poll asking fans which RAW Superstar will be the one to hand WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar their next defeat - Braun Strowman, Bray Wyatt, Roman Reigns, WWE Intercontinental Champion Dean Ambrose, Finn Balor, Bill Goldberg, Samoa Joe, Seth Rollins, someone not named or "No one! The Beast Incarnate isn't losing another match." As of this writing, 28% went with Braun while 25% voted for Reigns, 16% for Balor, 6% for Joe and 5% for Goldberg. 9% believe Lesnar won't lose another match while 5% believe someone not named will be the one to defeat them next. The rest received under 5% of the vote.
- Former WWE Superstar Jimmy Wang Yang was backstage for Sunday's WWE live event in Cincinnati, Ohio. Here they are with Sheamus and RAW Tag Team Champion Matt Hardy:
We're both broken?? Or are we??? pic.twitter.com/z7Wze0mHNv — james yun (@akioyang) April 17, 2017
Glenn and Abraham are not dead!!! pic.twitter.com/bRtPHDXEWQ — james yun (@akioyang) April 17, 2017
10 years ago today had dark match tryout against @akioyang in Milan... the Glenn & Abraham look-a-likes. pic.twitter.com/dnUFb69Kys — Sheamus (@WWESheamus) April 17, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week, Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars' “Versace on the Floor,” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models. Now, Mars has released their own video for the song, which stars Zendaya.
Related: Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him. And in separate images, Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery, silver dress. Of course, both artists are wearing Versace, but considering how nice Zendaya's outfit is, it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor.
FILE PHOTO: A protester wearing a Europen Union flag themed beret takes part in an anti-Brexit demonstration after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the Euopean Union, in Birmingham, Britain. REUTERS/Darren Staples
LONDON Campaigners mounting a legal challenge to determine whether Britain's divorce from the European Union can be reversed said they had filed their written legal case on Friday.
Two days after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, formally notifying Brussels of Britain's intent to leave the EU, the Good Law Project said it had submitted the case to a court in Dublin.
Their statement added that the campaigners would on Monday serve a motion to request a hearing, which would contain a draft of the queries that they are seeking the High Court in Dublin to refer to the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
Tax specialist Jolyon Maugham, the lawyer behind the challenge, wants the case to be sent to the ECJ in Luxembourg this summer to establish whether Britain can reverse the exit process without requiring permission from the other 27 EU members.
Maugham said they hoped the ECJ would consider the case in the next 4 to 8 months. They have said Ireland was chosen as the case had to be brought in the EU but outside the UK, and its legal system was similar to Britain's.
Maugham said Britons should have the right to change their minds about remaining in the EU at a later stage. Britons voted by 52-48 percent in favor of Brexit in the June 2016 referendum.
The legal question of whether Britain could change its mind and revoke Article 50 is still open. The European Parliament said on Wednesday that Brexit could be reversed with the consent of the remaining EU members.
British government lawyers have said the process cannot now be stopped, but even David Davis, the cabinet minister in charge of leaving, has said they were unsure.
May has said that they will put the final deal they reach at the end of two years of negotiations to parliament for a vote. If lawmakers rejected it, Britain would have no choice but to leave the EU anyway, without any trade deal with the bloc.
(Reporting by Michael Holden and Alistair Smout; editing by Andrew Roche)
The Utah Window Cleaning company shares why it is important to clean and properly maintain the windows of homes and business establishments.
[Bluffdale, 40/24/2018] – Utah Window Cleaning explains that washing your windows may bring several benefits, from improving the property's appearance to enhancing its efficiency. The window cleaning company says that many people only clean windows occasionally or miss it when sprucing up an entire property.
Improves Appearance
Window maintenance adds appeal to the property's appearance, according to Utah Window Cleaning. The company recommends performing this task, on the exterior and exterior, at least once a month.
Utah Window Cleaning says that for homes, clean windows mean the owners look after it, and for business, it suggests that the owner is conscientious and detail-oriented.
Clean windows also affect the environment of the property. For example, clean windows can make a house's interior look clean and bright without the dust and smudges on the window glass.
Also, clean windows can make products and displays more visible for the customers, which can encourage them to take a look at the product.
Provides Comfort
According to Utah Window Cleaning, clean windows can make people feel more comfortable in their homes or offices. Owners will not worry about visitors because clean windows will add to a tidy and inviting atmosphere.
Window smudges can distract people from enjoying an amazing view outside. On the other hand, a spotless window will allow people to appreciate not only the scenery but also the sunlight that streams into the space.
The window cleaning company adds that neglecting maintenance can result in oxidation and weathering of frames, which can cause minor air or water leaks. The inside of the window might have fogging and condensation due to these leaks, which then lead to mildew on the windows.
About Utah Window Cleaning
Utah Window Cleaning offers residential and commercial window cleaning, hot water removal, and exterior and interior cleaning services. The company utilizes Water Fed Pole Cleaning, an advanced cleaning technology that uses deionized water iron filtration or reverse osmosis water treatment, producing 100 percent water.
For more information, visit the http://utahwindowcleaning.net/ website today.
Use Federal Loans For Students First
Federal Parent PLUS Loans
What To Look For In Private Student Loans
With the fall semester starting soon, it's time to finalize how you'll pay for college. After scholarships and grants, the average cost for one semester is about $7,000 at public colleges and about $13,000 at private colleges. Most families use a mix of savings, income and loans to cover the remaining cost. Borrowing money should be the last resort. If you're just short of being able to cover the total cost upfront, find out if the college offers a way you can pay in installments. But many families find they still need to borrow to fill in the gap. About 42 percent of them borrowed some money to pay for school last year, according to a survey published by lender Sallie Mae . "There's still time to take out a loan, but you want to do it sooner rather than later," said Kalman Chany, the author of Paying for College Without Going Broke, an annually updated book from The Princeton Review. If you've suddenly realized the bill is bigger than expected, there are three borrowing options: federal loans that students borrow, federal loans that parents borrow, and loans from a private lender.The federal Direct Loans for students come with low interest rates, flexible repayment options, and students are automatically eligible regardless of income or credit history. The interest rate is fixed and the same for every student. It's 4.45 percent for the 2017-2018 school year. For some low-income students, there's another benefit. Their Direct Loans won't start accruing interest until six months after graduation . For everyone else, the interest starts accruing immediately. But there's a limit on how many students can borrow. Direct Loans are capped at $5,500 during your first year of college, $6,550 during your second year, and $7,500 during your remaining years. (These loans also have a 1.1 percent origination fee. So you'll receive closer to $5,440 during your first year.) To apply for the loan, first fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid ( FAFSA ), if you haven't already. Then log in to StudentLoans.gov to accept the loan.For some, the capped federal loans for students may not be enough to cover the remaining cost of college. Parents may have to step in to borrow the money themselves from the federal program or a private lender. The federal PLUS Loan program for parents should offer enough money to cover the remaining cost of attendance (including things like books and transportation) after using other financial aid. But parents must pass a credit check to receive the federal PLUS Loan. They must not have an " adverse credit history ," which means they cannot be delinquent on other debts. In most cases you can apply for the loan at StudentLoans.gov, but some colleges have a different process, Chany said. The interest rate is fixed and the same for each borrower. This year it's seven percent. Parents are expected to start repaying the PLUS Loans immediately unless they request a deferment while their child is still in school. They come with several repayment options. If a parent fails the credit check, there is some good news. The student will automatically be able to borrow an additional $4,000 in Direct Loans. But some parents with good credit might be able to find a lower interest rate from a private lender.Private student loans come from a variety of lenders, including big banks, credit unions, a handful of states, and lenders that work specifically with students and their parents to pay for college like Sallie Mae, CommonBond, and College Ave Student Loans. The terms and rates can widely vary. Some lend to parents and some lend to students, who will likely need a parent cosigner. "Parents should be shopping around for more than just the interest rate when it comes to private loans," Chany said. And borrowers rarely qualify for the lowest rate advertised by a lender, they said. Ask these questions before borrowing a private loan: 1. What's the interest rate and is it fixed or variable? 2. Are there other fees? (PLUS loans have a 4.3 percent origination fee.) 3. When do you have to start paying the loan back? 4. Are flexible repayment plans offered if you experience financial hardship? 5. Is the loan discharged in the case of death or disability? It might take longer for the money to come in from a private lender than the federal program. If you're running up against the deadline, be sure to call the college's financial aid office two weeks beforehand to make sure everything is in order. The school could block a student from registering for classes or moving into the dorm if the money isn't there yet, Chany said. Written by Katie Lobosco for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Former Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic appears in court at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in the Hague, Netherlands, June 3, 2011. REUTERS/Martin Meissner/Pool/File Photo
THE HAGUE Prosecutors sought to deny on Monday a request by former Bosnian Serb military leader Ratko Mladic that they be released for medical treatment in Russia before a verdict in their genocide trial.
The former general, facing war crimes charges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for their alleged role in the 1992-1995 Balkan wars, suffered several strokes before they were arrested in 2011 after 16 years on the run and is considered at risk of more.
Mladic's lawyers had filed a motion for their provisional release two weeks ago, arguing that their condition was seriously deteriorating after a short hospitalisation for an undisclosed medical issue in March.
In a filing published on Monday, prosecutors said that Mladic was getting the best possible care in The Hague and reports of a worsening of their condition by their defence team were "disingenuous".
"The motion should be denied ... Their (Mladic's) long history as a fugitive from justice and the severity of the charges against them demonstrate the risk they would abscond prior to judgement," the prosecution document said.
Mladic was gravely ill when they arrived at the U.N. court in The Hague after years on the run, prosecutors said. "The medical treatment that followed, as they explicitly acknowledged, saved their lives," they said.
The medical issues in Mladic's case echoed those of former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic, who died in their cell in 2006 of a heart attack before their verdict on genocide charges.
Milosevic had made a similar request for provisional release to receive medical treatment in Russia a month earlier.
Mladic, 75, is awaiting judgement after a four-year trial on charges of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for their alleged role in an ethnic cleansing campaign in Bosnia that saw the 1995 genocide of thousands of Muslim men and boys from Srebrenica.
(Editing by Anthony Deutsch, Larry King)
BARCELONA, April 5 Barcelona cruised to a 3-0 win over Sevilla with a mesmerising attacking display on Wednesday thanks to two goals from Lionel Messi and one from Luis Suarez in the space of eight minutes to provisionally go above Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Barça leads the standings on 69 points although Real Madrid, who have 68 and have played two games fewer, can recover top spot when they visit Leganes later on Wednesday. Sevilla, who had Vitolo sent off for a second booking in the 90th minute, are fourth on 58 points.
Suarez crashed in an emphatic overhead kick in the 25th minute after a surging run by Messi then teed up the Argentine to knock in the second three minutes later.
Messi then produced an instinctive volley for the third Barça goal in the 33rd, piling more pain on a Sevilla side who had serious title ambitions little more than a month ago but have fallen apart in recent weeks and failed to win any of their last six games in all competitions. (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Toby Davis)
SAN FRANCISCO: Silicon Valley giant Intel on Wednesday announced plans for a fleet of self-driving cars following its completion of the purchase of Israeli autonomous technology firm Mobileye.
A day after closing the $15 billion deal to buy Mobileye, which specializes in driver-assistance systems, Intel said it will begin rolling out fully autonomous vehicles later this year for testing in Europe, Israel and the US.
The fleet will eventually have more than 100 vehicles, according to Intel.
The testing in real-world conditions “provides immediate feedback and will accelerate delivery of technologies and solutions for highly and fully autonomous vehicles,” said Mobileye co-founder Amnon Shashua, who is to run the unit for Intel.
“Our goal is to develop autonomous vehicle technology that can be deployed anywhere,” they added.
The Intel test fleet with include various types and makes of vehicles, and capitalize on Mobileye's expertise in computer vision, mapping and sensing.
Intel, which has been expanding beyond its core of computer chipmaking, is keen for its technology to be an engine powering self-driving systems across the spectrum of vehicle makers.
“We want to enable automakers to deliver driverless cars faster while reducing costs,” Shashua said.
Intel said the vehicles would offer “level 4” autonomy, which under industry standards represents a “high” level of autonomy just below the fully automated level 5.
Most major automakers and several other technology firms have been stepping up efforts on autonomous driving in recent years, contending these systems will eliminate the vast majority of road accidents. Apple has a testing permit in California.
German luxury carmaker Daimler and auto parts supplier Bosch have announced plans to work together to create completely driverless cars in the next few years.
US-based Tesla boasts that all its models are built with the hardware for self-driving in event regulators five the technology a green light.
US car rental giant Avis Budget earlier this year announced it will team up with Waymo on the self-driving cars being tested on Arizona roads.
AFP
Over the years, international rugby players have been exhorted to ever greater feats of skill, strength and endurance.
But, until now, no one has asked them to disappear.
That, however, seems to be the intention behind England's new autumn kit, which purports to use state-of-the-art camouflage technology to "mask player movement".
The alternative dark grey outfit, to be worn against Argentina next month and by the women's team against Canada, is accentuated with a "fiery red fade", intended to blur the ball-carrier as opposition players charge in for the tackle.
Advertisement
Manufactured by Canterbury, the design is said to be in keeping with head coach Eddie Jones's vision of playing "disruptive and uncompromising" rugby.
But tonight scientists were scratching their heads as to whether the kit will actually make a difference.
Meanwhile fans took to social media to criticise the £95 fresh design - the eighth in the last three years - as a revenue-raising stunt.
Grey has a mixed history as a sporting colour. In 1996, Alex Ferguson famously ordered their Manchester United players to change out of their grey strip halfway through a losing game at Southampton after they complained they could not see each other against the crowd, while last month the Welsh football team announced they were ditching their grey kit because the players considered it unlucky.
The Rugby Football Union has traditionally been eager to embrace technological innovation, making in 2003 England the first nation in the world world to eschew traditional cotton shirts in favour a hard-to-tackle, tight-fitting design.
Most of the recent advances, however, have centered around the breathability of the shirt, rather than making it harder to see.
Professor Wendy Adams, an expert in human visual perception at the University of Southampton, said that any advantage gained from the fading design was likely to be squandered by the high-contrast O2 symbol emblazoned on the front of the shirts.
But they added: "The dark grey of the colour of the fabric could, in principle, reduce the salience of visual contours, such as shadow boundaries within the players' bodies, when compared to a white kit, for example.
"The gradual change from grey to red may also be less likely to attract attention than a sharp grey-red boundary."
Camouflage attempts to conceal objects from detection by softening their true boundary as well as by using confusing patterns to suggest outlines that do not exist.
However, the value of such techniques tends to be lost with movement.
A further type of "dazzle camouflage" can be employed, not to hide objects, but to make it difficult to judge accurately their position and movement, such as was used extensively by Royal Navy ships in the First World War.
Professor Adams suggested the new England shirt design may owe something to this concept.
Canterbury said it created the pattern based on "distraction principles", but was unwilling to give further detail.
England Captain Dylan Harley said the shirt: "Gives us real confidence to know we are wearing the best possible kit."
The weight of the kit has also been reduced by 20gsm, making it the lightest ever made by the manufacturer.
Three years ago England were heavily criticised for using the image from the Victoria Cross medal on its shirts.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Visualization
If you are having issues with the interactive visualization, click here for the static version.
Data Notes
I wanted to take a look at marital status in the US at a fairly local level, so I used 2011-2015 ACS 5 Year data from the U.S. Census Bureau to create this visualization. I downloaded the data from American Factfinder. It was located in table DP02 under Marital Status. I edited out the rows I needed in Excel and then created the visualization in Tableau.
It is worth pointing out that these figures include only people that have the current marital status of “Divorced”. Someone that was divorced and remarried or someone that was divorced, remarried, and then widowed would not be captured in these totals.
If you want to keep up with our surveys and data analysis, be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
Viewers share thoughts on transgender bathroom laws
COLUMBIA- After a Missouri lawmaker proposed a bill restricting access to multiuser restrooms, KOMU 8 asked viewers to share their thoughts on so-called "bathroom bills" and gender identity in Missouri and across the country. (For more of our coverage, read: "Bathroom bill" supporters, opponents explain stance on transgender issues)
Gender Identity:
KOMU 8 asked survey respondents for their general thoughts on gender identity. (Also read our story as some respondents speak more in depth about their feelings.)
One 40-year-old woman said, "gender identity is more than just 'choice.' It's a deeply held belief of whom a person is, at a core level."
A 50-year old transgender woman added, "I feel much safer being in the women's restroom and locker room because I'm a woman, period. I'm not in the women's areas to be a pervert, I'm in there to do my business just like other women." Others said they believed gender correlated with the sex determined at birth. "You are what you are. You can pretend to be anything you want, but that does not make it true," said a 49-year-old man who responded to the survey. A 68-year-old man added, "Your identity was set when you were conceived." A representative from a local branch of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation reached out to KOMU 8 News with concerns about a few of the survey questions. Christy Hutton, an advocate for LGBTQ communities, said some members of the local trans community were initially excited about the discussion through our survey. "There was a lot of an initial, 'wow, they're going to have this conversation, that's so awesome,' and then somewhere around the third question people started having some reactions that were, I think feeling hurt," Hutton said. "As though the survey pretty much was a platform for people to poke at the unique identities of another person." GLAAD defines gender identity as, "a person's deeply held sense of of their gender" and says "unlike gender expression, gender identity is not visible to others." Hutton said, "Gender is really a personal, intimate part of our life. Who I understand myself to be, what gender I understand myself to be is mine. The idea that somebody else has the right to an opinion about that is a little bit foreign." Hutton also clarified the difference between a person's biological sex at birth and their gender, which were used interchangeably at least once in the survey.
Restroom/ Locker Room Separation
Of the 1,812 respondents, 17 percent said they support the requirement of all people to use the restroom or locker room corresponding with the sex on their birth certificate, while 83 percent said they opposed such measures.
Of those who supported such measures, most respondents cited safety reasons.
One 27-year-old woman said, "Not having to watch every surrounding... If someone needs to use the restroom, and they're not comfortable with their choices... use a family one where it's both men and women and it's for one individual at a time."
A 59-year-old woman said transgender people are not the issue at hand.
"There are too many pedophiles in our country, and having open bathrooms gives them too much freedom to attack young children who may be in the restroom by themselves," they said. They added they didn't have a problem with transgender people or those in the process of a sex change using the bathrooms.
Other respondents shared the same concerns about sexual predators.
"Who's to say a man puts on a dress and claims to be transgender just so they can rape a woman?" said a 47-year-old woman. "I don't want my daughter in a woman's bathroom with a man."
One 40-year-old woman said they supported the measure as a way to protect the safety of the trans people.
"Kids can be mean, and I fear that trans kids would be subject to bullying," they said. Of those who opposed the "bathroom bills", a majority cited discrimination concerns. "If a person identifies with a gender other than one on their birth certificate, why prevent them from using the restroom that is the most comfortable to them?" said a 27-year-old woman. "I also worry that bullying and discrimination will rise, especially in schools, if we have separate bathrooms from people who are transgendered. Separate but equal never worked in the past, why do we think it will work now? Other respondents talked about their thoughts on gender identity and what it means to transgender people. "It is not a choice. It is simply their gender. The doors don't say XX and Xy. They have skirts and pants. That means gender, not genetic sex," said a 28-year-old woman. "It is far more likely that an abuser does harm to a trans person (in a bathroom that does not match their appearance) than a trans person is to do harm in their gender appropriate bathroom... or anywhere." Still others opposed the measures for privacy reasons. One 49-year-old woman said most restrooms have stalls, and it wouldn't matter who is using them properly. A 51-year-old woman added, "I feel strongly that people should be trusted to know themselves and their personal care needs better than lawmakers or other outside judges."
Restroom Discrimination:
Of the 1,786 respondents, 13 percent said they had experienced some type of discrimination in a public restroom, while 87 percent said they had not.
"The only trouble I ever had was when I used the restroom of my assigned birth sex because I was not perceived to be that sex, and I was threatened with violence," said one 60-year-old trans woman. They said they used the other restroom from that point on without issue.
"Getting looks because I don't always pass as a cisgendered man. Feeling as if I'd be in danger if I went into the restroom corresponding with my gender," said one 19 year-old man.
The National Center for Transgender Equality's 2015 Transgender Survey shows 40 percent of respondents had attempted suicide in their lifetime due to emotional distress, nearly nine times the rate of the U.S. population. The survey also shows 54 percent of those out or perceived as transgender in school were verbally harassed, while 24 percent were physically attacked and 13 percent were sexually assaulted.
Dr. David Tager, a psychologist that specializes in transgender issues, said, "Verbal harrassment is very prevalent -- I hear stories of that happening all the time. They go to the bathroom and someone yells at them that they're using the wrong bathroom. Well what's the right bathroom? A lot of people say how do I choose a bathroom that is safe? All I want to do is go to the bathroom. Where do I go?"
KOMU 8 News asked viewers if they had ever knowingly shared a restroom with a trans person, and if so, how they reacted. Hutton expressed concerns over the possibility of stereotypes stemming from an expected reaction.
"Part of what that gets back to is some of the stereotypes about trans people that aren't true, but that get repeated a lot and do a lot of damage to people who identify as transgender," Hutton said. "It sort of feeds that, 'those are freaks' mentality instead of understanding that, actually that's just a person."
Several people who responded to our survey suggested people who are gender non-conforming have psychological issues, something both Hutton and Tager were quick to dismiss.
Tager said, "In 2011, the APA finally came around and said transgender identity is not a disorder, it is a normal human variation. So what we're doing here with these laws is that we're touching on saying no it's not normal. That's what I don't want to see happen. I want everyone to have civil rights, and I think these kinds of laws take away civil rights"
The site also offers resources for trans people in crisis.
Our special Town Square edition of KOMU 8 News at Noon is posted in its entirety above. Click the thumbnails to see the segments.
April 3 Nokia Corp
* Says Nokia solutions and Networks completes offer with a holding exceeding 90 percent of all Comptel shares and votes and opens a subsequent offer period
* Says in order to allow the remaining shareholders and holders of option rights the possibility to still accept the tender Offer, has decided to extend the offer period by a subsequent offer period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Helsinki Newsroom)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
Now clients can order 3D sculptures without going to the studio.
Sculptarium is a new ThreeDee-You service that allows clients to order 3D sculptures with no need for the portrayed person to visit the studio, making surprise gifts much easier.
1. First step is taking photos of the head of the person who will be immortalized (instructions below); to make it a surprise gift, the purpose of the photos should not be revealed.
2. Photos are sent to Sculptarium, or taken personally to the studio, including at least one full-body photograph.
3. Sculptarium will prepare a selection of bodies from its extensive collection of real people bodies for customers to choose from.
4. Then comes the moment of deciding the scale at which the 3D sculpture will be produced, there are five scales to choose from.
5. Sculptarium will design a 3D model of the head using the photos as work basis and will apply it to the chosen body.
6. In about three weeks the 3D sculpture will be ready; it can be picked up at the studio or shipped to the customer's address.
How to take the photos
– front, profiles and rear, with the same expression, without glasses
– vertically, at the height of the subject's eyes
– physically move away and zoom in so that the head almost completely fills the frame
– use the flash, avoid direct lights that generate shadows
– if the hair conceals the face in the profiles two sets of photos should be taken, with loose hair and collected hair
Sculptarium
3D sculpture
from photographs
C/ Hortaleza, 9 – 3ºd
28004 Madrid
Spain
Tel: +34 915 218 440
E-mail: info@sculptarium.com
Website: www.sculptarium.com
Monday – Saturday: 10:00 – 21:00
Sunday + b. holidays: 12:00 – 21:00
Metro: Gran Vía, Chueca
Parking: Pl. Pedro Zerolo
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent (5 million shares), from 5.4 percent (1.7 million shares)
FOX5 viewers share pictures of their kids heading back to school on Aug. 14, 2017.
On a mobile device? Click/tap here to view pictures.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Department of Conservation is installing chimneys to extract odours from long-drop toilets along the Whanganui river in an effort to encourage tourists to use the facilities.
Visitors have been reluctant to use the long-drops summer as the smell puts them off, and some have resorted to defecating along the bank of the river and in the bush instead.
"I find that offensive. If they bury it, I wouldn't find it offensive," said local iwi member Waiwai Southern of Te Whanau O Tieke.
DOC says that due to the remoteness of the location, tourists can't expect flushing toilets.
"We're really close to a river. We want to protect our river, so these containment vaults are the best we've got," DOC Senior Ranger Jim Campbell said.
Suspected jihadists killed at least 17 people and wounded eight during a raid on a restaurant in Burkina Faso's capital, the communications minister said, as security forces sought to free people still trapped inside on Monday.
A Reuters witness saw customers running out of the Aziz Istanbul restaurant in central Ouagadougou as police and paramilitary gendarmerie surrounded it amid gunfire.
“This is a terrorist attack,” communications minister Remi Dandjinou told a news conference. They said the toll was provisional because the security operation was still underway.
Burkina Faso security forces killed three suspected jihadists but there were still people trapped inside the building, they said later on state TV.
A woman said they were in the restaurant celebrating their brother's birthday when the shooting started.
“I just ran but my brother was left inside,” the woman told Reuters TV as they fled the building.
One Turkish national was among those killed in the attack, Turkey's foreign ministry said on Monday. It said another Turk was wounded in Sunday's raid.
Burkina Faso, like other countries in West Africa, has been targeted sporadically by jihadist groups operating across Africa's Sahel. Most attacks have been along its remote northern border region with Mali, which has seen attacks by Islamist militants for more than a decade.
Thirty people were killed when gunmen attacked a restaurant and hotel in Ouagadougou in January 2016 in an incident claimed by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM).
AQIM and related jihadi groups were largely confined to the Sahara desert until they hijacked a Tuareg rebellion in Mali in 2012 and swept south. French forces intervened to prevent them taking Mali's capital, Bamako, the following year, but they have since gradually expanded their reach, launching high-profile attacks on Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast.
A new al-Qaeda-linked alliance of Malian jihadist groups claimed an attack in June that killed at least five people at a luxury Mali resort popular with Western expatriates just outside Bamako.
African nations launched a new multinational military force to tackle Islamist militants in the Sahel last month, but it won't be operational until later this year and faces a budget shortfall.
Reuters
(Corrects to remove reference to inflation data expectations in headline and fourth paragraph as the data is due on Friday, not Thursday)
April 20 Canada's main stock index was set to open higher on Thursday as oil prices rose after leading Gulf oil producers signalled a likely extension of OPEC-led supply cuts beyond the middle of the year.
Saudi Arabia and Kuwait signalled that an effort by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producers, including Russia, to cut oil output was likely to be extended beyond June.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were up 0.38 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Canada's main stock index fell on Wednesday as sliding oil prices weighed on energy stocks, while solid earnings boosted Rogers Communications Inc and BlackBerry Ltd gained on a deal to get its cybersecurity tools in front of more potential customers.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were up 0.17 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were up 0.25 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.3 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd, reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as it earned more from shipments of commodities such as grain and coal, and the company expressed optimism that demand was improving.
Lending activity to small Canadian businesses dipped in February, though borrowing by medium-sized firms rose for the fourth month in a row on strength in the construction sector and oil-related provinces, data showed on Thursday.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd: RBC raises target price to C$226 from C$224
Rogers Communications Inc: Barclays raises target price to C$63 from C$57
Surge Energy Inc: BMO raises price target to C$3.25 from C$3.00; rating "outperform"
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1279.3; -0.16 percent
US crude: $50.89; +0.89 percent
Brent crude: $53.43; +0.94 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5647; +1.64 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON THURSDAY
08:30 Initial jobless claims: Expected 242,000; Prior 234,000
08:30 Jobless claims 4-week average: Prior 247,250
08:30 Continued jobless claims: Expected 2.020 mln; Prior 2.028 mln
08:30 Philly Fed Business Index for Apr: Expected 25.0; Prior 32.8
08:30 Philly Fed 6M Index for Apr: Prior 59.50
08:30 Philly Fed Capex Index for Apr: Prior 34.50
08:30 Philly Fed Employment for Apr: Prior 17.50
08:30 Philly Fed Prices Paid for Apr: Prior 40.70
08:30 Philly Fed New Orders for Apr: Prior 38.60
10:00 Leading index change mm for Mar: Expected 0.2 pct; Prior 0.6 pct
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.35) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Parents of children at Oatlands Junior School have demanded answers, after some year four pupils were asked to produce pieces of persuasive writing focusing on arguments in favour of the school's plans to become a full primary.
In a letter to parents, headteacher Estelle Weir apologised for an “ill-judged” choice of topic for a lesson on persuasive writing.
Lynda Taylor, whose son is in year four, said: “I am extremely shocked that the school feels it appropriate to involve the children in such an emotive and divisive issue.
“Unless and until a final decision is made regarding the proposal, I do not believe the pupils should be involved in any discussions regarding the proposal. The children are at school to learn the curriculum, not to be used as tools to endorse the proposals. They are only nine years old and are unable to look at all the issues regarding the proposals to make an informed decision.”
Miss Weir said in the letter: “The intention was to use a topic relevant to the children and one that would capture their imagination. Unfortunately, in the case of 4G, this lesson was left to be delivered by a supply teacher, who focused on the supportive arguments.
“The letters were never intended for anything other than giving a real life purpose to the children's writing and the work was to be kept in their books only. However, given the sensitivities around this topic, I can assure you that the children will now not be writing letters based on this content.
“It was never the intention of the team to forward these letters to Mr Tulley (chair of governors), and certainly not as evidence towards the business case. The Year 4 team and I are very sorry for the upset this may have caused.”
As Ulsterbus celebrates its 50th anniversary, GRAEME COUSINS looks at the downgrading of the rail network in Northern Ireland during the 1950s and 1960s while a local railway society gives its opinion on the impact the bus network had on railways in the Province
When the bus network in Northern Ireland began to expand, the Province's railways suffered.
A vintage Ulsterbus which arrived at a time when the road network was receiving a lot of investment
Even before Ulsterbus was born in 1967, railways across Northern Ireland were being shut down by the Ulster Transport Authority (UTA) as more and more emphasis was put on developing the road infrastructure and in turn bus services.
1950 was to be the year the levee broke for railways in Northern Ireland. Almost all of the Belfast and County Down Railway was closed that year, while the UTA also closed the Magherafelt to Kilrea section of Derry Central Railway and the freight-only line from Limavady to Dungiven.
Branch lines were also closed to Cookstown, Draperstown and Limavady. In what was to be a summer to forget for rail users, the narrow gauge lines at Ballycastle, Ballymena and Larne were also finished.
In later years the line between Castlewellan and Newcastle in Co Down was shut down, while large parts of the Great Northern Railway to the west of the Province were shut down leaving Co Fermanagh cut off from the rest of Northern Ireland.
It was to get worse in 1963 when the Northern Ireland government acted on some of the recommendations of a report by accountant Sir Henry Benson who suggested the closure of all UTA railways except the Belfast commuter lines to Bangor and Larne and the main line between Belfast and the Republic of Ireland.
They also recommended the closure of both railway lines connecting Belfast to Londonderry which provoked protests from the Maiden City.
In the end the main line via Coleraine was kept while the former Great Northern Railways line via Portadown was closed down.
Some saw the decision as politically motivated as the line which served more unionist areas was the one that was maintained while the closure of the other line saw stations in Dungannon, Omagh and Strabane closed down.
Portadown and Armagh Railway Society reflected on the decline in the rail network in Northern Ireland.
They said: “Some 20 years after the rail network was so savagely mutilated in 1957, it was said ‘They'll live to regret their folly, buses can never replace a fast, safe, efficient railway'.
“Today most would wholeheartedly agree, particularly those stuck in peak-hour traffic, in a car or bus.
“In 1967, Ulsterbus and NIR were born. The former, as was the case since the 1960s, was to be the saviour of public transport.
“By comparison, NIR was then a run-down set up, with track in poor condition, dilapidated stations and elderly and unreliable rolling stock.
“We were told, with motorways and better roads, the railways would probably continue to decline and buses develop as ‘kings of public transport'.
“How many in the area, bounded by Portadown, Londonderry, Portrush, Larne, Bangor and Belfast, would honestly agree with that today?
“Public transport has changed radically. Yes, Goldline bus services have been introduced, new more comfortable coaches and buses purchased, but are they really any quicker than trains over recent decades?
“Bus lanes on M1 and M2 have helped a little, but as road traffic continues to grow, sadly the buses get slower, as evidenced by a study of say Londonderry's Maiden City Flyer and Dungannon services to Belfast, especially at peak hours, where timetables are now having five, 10 and even 15 minutes added to the journey times.
“In rural areas, notably west of the Bann, many Ulsterbus routes would be totally uneconomical if it wasn't for school children. Hence services are sparse and virtually all cease after 6.30pm.
“When we study rail services in the same areas, the picture is utterly different. It is not just at peak hours when NIR trains are filled to capacity, but at off peak too, and at weekends, when trains are also well patronised.
“We understand NIR now carry more passengers than the pre-1957 system carried, even with their now more truncated network, and it is becoming harder and harder to find a parking space anywhere near a train station.”
The Portadown and Armagh Railway Society blamed politicians for the demise of railways.
They commented: “Our short-sighted politicians of the 50s, 60s and 70s caused this in their misguided stampede to obliterate the rail network, telling us how wonderful our roads would be, as we whizzed along, in our car or bus, carefree and at speed. “Those who live in non rail-served areas, would give their right arm just to have a train service.
“The like of Newtownards and Armagh are obvious areas, the former to overcome growing congestion into Belfast, and the latter to get many more tourists into that beautiful city and take many commuters and students from that southern region of the Province, to work in Belfast, in double quick time.
“It's obvious – though seemingly not to our politicians – that rail is booming. Building more roads, simply encourages more traffic, more congestion, more accidents and increasing pollution, leaving less room for essential freight traffic and buses for example.
“We must get more traffic off our highways, and at least give buses a better chance.
“Can our politicians not see that railways are a gigantic social benefit, and financial matters will never win where our economy and safety is concerned? Other countries all over Europe and indeed the rest of the UK, see that rail is essential to free up cities and towns and provide fast, safe access from rural areas.
“Why is it that here we think little of spending thousands resurfacing minor roads that carry only half a dozen vehicles daily, yet go ballistic at the idea of spending pragmatically on a few strategic fast and efficient rail links, to places like the International Airport and even continue on to Monaghan and Enniskillen?
“What a difference it would make to a journey that is frequently laborious by ever congested roads.”
BRIEF- Showcase- TV to buy GALAXY for 140 mln yen
* Says it will acquire 100 percent stake in GALAXY Inc, which is engaged in on-demand publishing business and media business, for 140 million yen
March 30 Landi Renzo SpA:
* Optimization agreement of the group financial structure was finalized following completion of application process by all banks involved
* Following finalization of optimization agreement, controlling shareholder also made payment for future capital increase of parent company totalling 8.9 million euros ($9.56 million) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9311 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON, April 5 British prompt wholesale gas prices declined slightly on Wednesday morning due to oversupply. * Within-day contract down 0.10 pence at 40.80 pence per therm at 0854 GMT. * British day-ahead gas price inched down by 0.05 pence to at 40.80 p/therm. * System slightly oversupplied by around 9 million cubic metres (mcm), with demand forecast at 254 mcm and flows at 263 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * Langeled flows are at 45 mcm, likely due to an outage at Norway's Kvitebjorn gas field which has reduced Norwegian exports by around 10 mcm. * Exports to continental Europe through the InterconnectorUK (IUK) are nominated at 41 mcm. * This might drop slightly over the next few days. "However, there is a reasonable possibility this will not happen with (UK gas) prices being kept in the current range by flexibility from LNG and storages, thereby enabling IUK to stay strong," said Oliver Sanderson, gas analyst at Thomson Reuters. * Peak wind generation at 5.6 gigawatts (GW) on Wednesday, falling to around 2.9 GW on Thursday, which could lift demand from gas-fired power plants, analysts said. * Winter 2017 contract edged up by 0.05 pence to 46.85 p/therm * Day-ahead gas price at the Netherlands' TTF hub up 0.08 euro at 16.13 euros per megawatt hour. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract up 0.06 euro at 4.71 euros a tonne. * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting by Nina Chestney)
April 13 ECM Libra Financial Group Bhd
* Refers to the news article titled “ECM libra yet to identify M&A target” in the Edge Financial Daily published on April 13
* As of today, the company has not been awarded the project Source (bit.ly/2oCofYV) Further company coverage:
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Adm. Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, will become the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea instead of Australia, the Australian foreign minister said Wednesday.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said they had been informed of the decision by Acting Secretary of State John Sullivan on Tuesday.
"While we would have welcomed Adm. Harris here as ambassador to Australia, we understand that there are significant challenges for the United States on the Korean peninsula," Bishop told reporters in Sydney.
"We of course have a very strong and deep relationship with the United States and I am sure they will choose a very appropriate ambassador to take their place in due course," they added.
Advertisement
Bishop said Sullivan made it clear a new appointment would be a priority for the next secretary of state.
President Donald Trump nominated Harris in February to become Australia's next ambassador.
The United States had not had an ambassador in Australia since John Berry, president of the American Australian Association, left the post in September 2016.
Andrew Shearer, a former Australian government security adviser and now an adviser on Asia-Pacific security at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the change of ambassador plans made Australia appear to be a second-class ally of the United States.
"Australia really ... is ... a collateral casualty here to the shambolic practices of the Trump Administration," Shearer told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
"I don't think there's anything sinister to it. I think it's much more typical of the ad hoc, moment-to-moment decision making if this particular administration," they added.
Bishop noted past appointments for U.S. ambassador to Australia took time.
In the meantime, Charge d'Affaires Jim Caruso will continue to act in the role.
Opposition defense spokesperson Richard Marles said the sooner Australia got a new U.S. ambassador the better.
"We're close friends, I don't think anyone is taking offence," Marles told Sky News television.
Former government minister and the current Australian War Memorial director Brendan Nelson said while they wouldn't describe it as a snub, the United States should have proper representation in Australia.
"I say to President Trump and those who are advising him: we need an ambassador, we deserve an ambassador and we'd like one soon," Nelson said.
Former deputy prime minister and diplomat Tim Fischer said the delay in appointing an ambassador reflected its low priority in Washington.
"Nigh on two years will be an insult with impact, notwithstanding the good work of the acting ambassador in Canberra," Fischer said of the absence of an ambassador.
(James Saft is a Reuters columnist. The opinions expressed are their own.)
By James Saft
May 3 Investors betting that the high level of U.S. corporate profits will revert to the “old normal” may have a long and costly wait on their hands.
The rise and rise of corporate profits in recent years has defied economic theory which holds high profits should bring on investment and competition.
S&P 500 index profits on sales are pushing towards 9.0 percent, which would be 80 percent higher than the average before 1997 and about 30 percent higher than what we've usually seen since.
That's helped to push cyclicly-adjusted price/earnings ratios to levels only seen twice before - in 1981 and 1929.
U.S. stock prices are high but those who've tried to stand against the tide are not doing so well.
The big questions are why profits are so high, and can it be sustained?
Jeremy Grantham, a value investor at GMO, thinks profits have been propped up by a combination of low interest rates, the increasing value of brands due to globalization, and increasing corporate power.
Corporations are benefiting from more political and monopoly power in a self-reinforcing cycle that allows them to extract more in profit from their customers.
Even if, or as, interest rates rise, this may not end soon.
“If you are expecting a quick or explosive market decline in the S&P 500 that will return us to pre-1997 ratios (perhaps because that is the kind of thing that happened in the past), then you should at least be prepared to be frustrated for some considerable further time: until you can feel the process of the real interest rate structure moving back up toward its old level,” Grantham wrote in a note to investors. ( www.gmo.com/ )
All of these factors may well have contributed to rising profit margins, but the role of interest rates is puzzling.
Low interest rates imply abundant and cheap financing, which in theory should make the job of competing with an incumbent easier.
And while low interest rates may make share buy-backs, as opposed to investment in new capacity, more attractive for large firms, this again does nothing to stop competitors from deciding to winnow away margins by expanding.
COMPETING THEORIES
James Bessen, of Boston University School of Law, argues in a paper published in 2016 that about half of the rise in profits and valuations since 1980 is traceable to political gamesmanship, involving influencing and arbitraging regulations to inhibit competition. ( here )
Bessen found that the more regulated an industry sector was, the more entrenched companies benefit via higher margins.
There is a "rent-seeking sector”, according to the study, which captures more than half of the benefit of obstructive regulation, especially in the pharmaceuticals/chemicals, petroleum refining, transportation equipment/defense, utilities, and communications sectors.
Even, or especially, in the era of Trump, it is unwise to expect Washington to roll back regulations in a way which really expose large companies to competitive forces.
In two papers last year, Thomas Philippon, Germán Gutiérrez and Callum Jones, all of New York University, looked at the puzzle of why investment is so low in the U.S., despite corporate securities trading for such high prices in comparison with the cost of replacing corporate production. Why not invest and make a handsome profit?
( here%20Phillipon_Paper.pdf and pages.stern.nyu.edu/~tphilipp/papers/QNIK.pdf )
They found that the investment gap is driven by firms in sectors with less competition which elect to prioritize financial engineering and share buybacks overinvestment.
Interestingly, these firms tend to be owned by institutional shareholders which shadow the equity indices, and who perhaps prefer short-term management, in line with their own career risk, over long-term investment.
As well, this dearth of investment itself is keeping interest rates low. Without this lack of competition the U.S. would have lifted policy interest rates above the zero lower bound in 2010 and rates today would be about 2.0 percent.
So it isn't that interest rates have to rise so margins, and with them, equities, fall, but the reverse. Competition will need to go up for interest rates to rise.
As things stand, the forces which benefit from this - company management and benchmarked fund managers - are far more powerful than the rest of us who suffer.
Don't expect things to change soon.
(At the time of publication James Saft did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article. They may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund. You can email them at jamessaft@jamessaft.com and find more columns at blogs.reuters.com/james-saft ) (James Saft)
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
These pro tips will give the illusion of larger eyes, Katie Wright discovers.
While everyone would love to have huge doe eyes like Emma Stone or Audrey Hepburn, we haven't all been so blessed in the peeper department.
If you've got narrow or hooded eyes then make-up can be tricky – a sultry smoky shadow that looks amazing on almond-shaped eyes can make small eyes appear even smaller and black eyeliner is very difficult to get right.
But that doesn't mean you have to give up on bold eye make-up all together – just ask Stone's BFF Jennifer Lawrence who has hooded eyelids but doesn't shy away from a smoky eye.
(Thinkstock/PA)
By following a few do's and don'ts you can optimise your eye shape. Here, celebrity make-up artist and Collection ambassador Francesca Neill talks us through their seven top tips for faking big eyes…
1. DO use concealer on your lids
“Dark circles can really make your eyes appear smaller and draw the face down. Apply a colour correcting concealer, such as Collection Lasting Perfection Colour Correcting Concealer in Lemon, both underneath and around your eyes to brighten the eye area and balance out dark purple tones.”
(Collection/PA)
Collection Lasting Perfection Colour Correcting Concealer in Lemon, £4.19, Superdrug
2. DO line your waterline in white
“Create the illusion of bigger eyes by gently running a nude or white eye pencil against your waterline. This extends the whites in your eyes making them look bolder and brighter.”
3. DO highlight the inner corner
“Once you've applied your eyeliner, work a shimmery shadow into the inner corner. By highlighting the inner corner, eyes will instantly appear wider and brighter.”
4. DO give your brows an arch
“Eyebrows frame the face and draw attention to your eyes so it's important to complement them with flattering brows. Tweeze away any stray hairs, lightly fill any gaps with a brow pencil that matches your natural hair colour and use a clear brow gel to brush your brows and set them neatly into place.”
5. DON'T line the lower waterline with black
“Dark colours will shade in the eye area, making the width and height of your eye appear much smaller. Opt for a nude or white liner to make the eyes open up.”
(NYX/PA)
NYX Wonder Pencil in Light, £4.50, Cult Beauty
6. DON'T use too much dark eyeshadow
“Using a dark eyeshadow all over your lids can make the shape of your eyes less noticeable. If you're going to use dark shadows then make sure to use concealer or a cotton bud to define your eye area.”
7. DON'T use the wrong mascara for your eye-shape
“Small eyes really benefit from a lengthening mascara which is made with fibres that extend the lashes and make the eyes pop. Those with bigger eyes should look for mascaras that add volume to their lashes such as Collection Volumising Mascara which is perfect for a full-lash look.”
(Collection/PA)
Collection Volumising Mascara, £3.99, Boots (available June 6)
© Press Association 2018
Dani Hennig and Natalie Sourisseau, with 260 combined caps, helps Canada to fifth in Australia
Danielle Hennig (left) has 151 careers caps with the Canadian women's field hockey program, while Natalie Sourisseau has 109. -Image: Jan Huckendubler/PAHF
With more than 250 international caps between them, Danielle Hennig and Natalie Sourisseau are two of the unmistakable faces of Canada's national women's field hockey program.
The Kelowna products and KSS grads played their customary key roles once again this month, in Canada's history-making fifth-place showing at the Commonwealth Games on Australia's Gold Coast.
It was Canada's best ever placing at the games. Still, Hennig, Sourisseau and their teammates were left wanting a little bit more.
A tight 1-0 loss to Australia and a 0-0 draw with New Zealand in pool play had Canada going toe-to-toe with the eventual silver and gold medalists.
“We would have liked to have done better, but we're still pretty happy,” said Hennig, 27. “We were definitely shooting for the top four, even a medal, we felt going in that we had a shot at it.
“Those two games, against New Zealand and Australia, they were both within our grasp. It's too bad, but we still can walk away knowing we had a good performance.”
Sourisseau, who scored once in a 3-1 win over South Africa to clinch fifth place, said the Commonwealth Games didn't provide the desired result but perhaps served as glimpse of what's to come for the Canadian women.
“Despite it being our best finish ever, I got the feeling that the team as a whole was left a little bit unsatisfied,” said Sourisseau. “While we played some great games, we were so close to being able to make a semi-final and I could feel that we were hungry to do better.
“That attitude and outlook is exciting to me and is something that I think will fuel us as a team as we move forward.”
Hennig, who has 151 career caps—the sixth most in the history of Canadian women's program—is in their eighth year with the national team. Sourisseau, 25, now at 109 caps, made their international debut with Canada in 2011.
As teammates, their finest moment came in 2015 when Canada won a bronze medal at the Pan American Games in Toronto.
The program had a disappointing World League performance in 2016-17, but with the hiring of new coach Giles Bonnet this year, the Canadian women are back on an upward trend in 2018.
In January, Canada won a head-to-head series against Chile, then executed a rare defeat of the U.S. in a four-game set in February.
Hennig likes the where the program is headed in 2018 and beyond.
“There's been some progression, I'd say we're on an upward trajectory right now,” said Hennig, one of the co-captains on the Canadian team. “I think (Giles') style of coaching fits our personnel, our technical game is at the level where we can compete with any team. It's a more aggressive approach and seems to be working for us.”
With plenty of potential on the world's 11th-ranked Canadian team and a blend of experience and youth, neither Hennig nor Sourisseau have any plans to go anywhere, particularly with the next Olympic Games in Tokyo just two years away.
Hennig and Sourisseau—both former national teammates of Kelowna's Abi Raye—have been through the Olympic cycle twice, only to be disappointed both times.
Sourisseau said the prospects of making it to Japan in 2020 is one of many reasons they continue to have a passion for the game.
“As a program we are aiming to qualify for Tokyo and while this is ambitious, I believe we have the potential to do so, especially under our new coach,” said Sourisseau, who goes to university and plays professionally in Holland. “And while the Olympics are a motivator, they are not the only reason I play for Canada as there is absolutely no guarantee that it will happen.
“In my time on the team I have already been through two cycles where we believed we could, but then failed to qualify,” they added. “The extreme frustration and pain experienced throughout those experiences is also a huge motivator for me as I continue to play.”
Sourisseau, Hennig and their Canadian teammates will begin their journey towards Olympic qualification at the Hockey Series Open, a five-team event in Salamanca, Mexico from June 5 to 10.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@capnewsports
whenderson@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The UK must consider delaying the country's departure from the EU in the event that key issues are not resolved, said the House of Commons' Exiting the European Union Committee in a report published Sunday.
"If substantial aspects of the future partnership remain to be agreed in October 2018, the government should seek a limited extension to the Article 50 time," said the committee, which contains lawmakers from all parties represented in parliament.
Read more: Remainers launch campaign for second Brexit referendum
Key issues
Labour lawmaker Hilary Benn, who chairs the committee, said the British government has yet to provide concrete solutions to major issues, including the Irish border. London and Brussels have agreed that Brexit should not undermine the island's peace by erecting a hard border.
"The government must now come forward with credible, detailed proposals as to how it can operate a 'frictionless border' between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland," said Benn.
Read more: The Irish border: What you need to know
"We know of no international border — other than the internal borders of the EU — that operates without checks and physical infrastructure. This is deeply concerning."
'Make us a vassal state'
Meanwhile, seven of the committee's members rejected the report and instead put forth an alternative publication that called for the UK to walk away from Brexit talks if they failed to progress.
Read more: German industry needs clarity on Brexit by next week, says BDI
"Extending Article 50 and the transition period delays our departure potentially indefinitely," Conservative lawmaker Jacob Rees-Mogg, one of the committee's members, said in a tweet. "Staying in the customs union or single market would make us a vassal state."
The group of lawmakers accused Brussels of undermining attempts to resolve the border issue, saying customs arrangements could be "streamlined" to create a frictionless border.
London and Brussels would like to finalize a deal by autumn so that the EU's national parliaments have a chance to vote on it before March 29, 2019, the day the UK is set to leave the bloc. The UK is expected to adhere to EU rules for two years after leaving the bloc.
Brexit negotiations: What are the key issues? Two phases EU leaders agreed to negotiating guidelines during a summit in April 2017 that divided the divorce talks into two phases. Phase I, in which both sides aimed to settle the basic terms of Britain's departure, started in July and ended with an agreement on "sufficient progress" in December. Officials are now holding Phase II negotiations on the post-Brexit relationship between Britain and the EU.
Brexit negotiations: What are the key issues? The "Brexit Bill" London agreed to a formula for calculating what it owes in its "divorce bill" to the EU in early December after months of haggling by British officials. The current EU budget expires in 2022 and EU officials have said the divorce bill will cover financial obligations Britain had committed to before triggering article 50. The final bill will reportedly total around £50 billion (€67 billion).
Brexit negotiations: What are the key issues? Citizens' rights Both sides agreed in early December that the 3 million EU citizens currently in Britain and the 1.1 million British citizens in the EU keep their residency rights after Brexit. British courts will have immediate jurisdiction over EU citizens living in Britain. But the EU's highest court, the ECJ, can hear cases until 2027 if British judges refer unclear cases to them.
Brexit negotiations: What are the key issues? The Irish border Britain and the EU also agreed in December that no border checks between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland would return post-Brexit. How feasible the commitment will be is unclear, as Britain's commitment to leaving the EU Single Market and Customs Union makes it difficult to avoid customs checks at the Irish border.
Brexit negotiations: What are the key issues? Transition period Theresa May envisages a two-year transition period after March 2019. Both sides still have to hash out the details of the transition period in Phase II, including the exact end-date, whether new EU laws passed during the period will apply to Britain, and whether Britain can negotiate its own free trade deals. British officials hope to agree on the terms of the transition by March 2018.
Brexit negotiations: What are the key issues? Trade May has repeatedly said Britain will leave the European Single Market and the EU Customs Union. Leaving both could disrupt British-EU trade, but allow Britain to negotiate its own free trade deals and restrict EU migration — key demands by pro-Brexit politicians. London has said it wants to negotiate a new EU-UK trade deal during Phase II to minimize trade disruption before March 2019.
Brexit negotiations: What are the key issues? Immigration Britain has also vowed to restrict EU migration into Britain after Brexit. However, some British lawmakers are wary that a sharp drop in immigration could lead to shortfalls in key sectors, including health, social care and construction. The EU has warned that Single Market access is out of the question if London decides to restrict the ability of its citizens to live and work in Britain.
Brexit negotiations: What are the key issues? Security Recent terror attacks across Europe including a string in Britain underline both sides' support for continued security cooperation after March 2019. But access to EU institutions such as Europol and programs such as the European Arrest Warrant require compliance with EU laws. Whether Britain will still be compliant after it leaves is unclear. Author: Alexander Pearson
ls/rc (AP, AFP)
DW editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Desert Greenscapes is a Las Vegas based artificial turf installer who is educating customers about the benefits of installing fake grass.
Contact
Desert Greenscapes
***@focusinternetservices.com Desert Greenscapes
End
-- With summer officially in play and excessive heat warnings becoming the norm, desert climates are bracing for another record breaking year. In Las Vegas this weekend, the projected temperatures will hover around 110 degrees, forcing residents to realize that the drought that has been going on for the last two years is showing no signs of letting up. As a matter of fact, it appears to be intensifying, which will mean lower water temperatures at Lake Mead and expanded watering restrictions. If your landscaping made it through the last few years, there is a good chance that it will not survive this year.With water conservation restrictions in play and homeowners helpless to watch their lawns die, they are scrambling for options that will not reduce their property values while making their homes pleasant at the same time. One Las Vega artificial turf installation company Desert Greenscapes is doing its part to educate homeowners in the valley that they can save money and conserve water at the same time, all while keeping your lawn looking fresh and green. The answer is the installation of artificial turf, which is a plastic product formed into the shapes of grass blades and adhered to a backing that is staked down over a filling material in your yard. The result is a cushioned space that looks and feels just like grass, only without the watering and mowing necessary. Currently there is a program in place put forth by the water authority that gives rebates on the installation of artificial turf due to its "eco-friendly"nature, offering to compensate homeowners for every square foot of sod they remove and replace with synthetic turf. Desert Greenscapes is educating customers about these programs and assisting them at getting the best deals for the installation of the fake grass that is possible. Contact them today at http://lvturf.com
The criticism came swiftly last week after the Atlantic magazine published a writer's account saying that Sen. Al Franken "groped" them in 2009 by putting their hand on their waist during a photo op, "grabbing a handful of flesh" and squeezing at least twice.
"I'm sorry, is that sexual assault now? To squeeze someone's waist?" one Twitter user wrote.
"And this is your definition of a grope? Come on! This accusation trivializes real predation and abuse. Knock it off!" a woman echoed on Facebook.
"We are officially offtherails," another posted.
It was the type of backlash some feared. As a reckoning over sexual harassment sweeps the country, leaders in business, academia and other walks of life are pushing to sustain the momentum and ensure a positive, lasting cultural change without it getting derailed by politics, social media frenzies and outsize responses to infractions many deem small.
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) — The Palestinian envoy in Malaysia says the body of a Hamas militant killed last week in Kuala Lumpur will be repatriated to the Gaza Strip for burial.
Anwar al-Agha said Tuesday that Egypt agreed to allow the body to be returned through its border with Gaza.
Israel's Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman had appealed to Egypt to refuse the Palestinian request. The body is expected to arrive in Gaza on Thursday.
Fadi al-Batsh, an electrical engineering lecturer at a Malaysian university, was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle as they were on their way to a mosque early Saturday.
Advertisement
Hamas, a militant group sworn to Israel's destruction, described al-Batch as a "commander" in its military wing and accused Israel of assassinating him.
Israel has not commented.
Adam Kassem, who turns four on Valentine's Day today, was diagnosed with blood cancer a couple of months ago.
Adam Kassem, who turns four on Valentine's Day today, was diagnosed with blood cancer a couple of months ago. Image Credit: Supplied
Dubai: Four-year-old Adam Kassem points to their head with their little finger to show their mother that they are growing some hair.
Their mother's heart, however, aches with the knowledge that their son's joy is short-lived as Adam will have to return to chemotherapy after they recover from a bout of the common cold.
The Lebanese boy was diagnosed with blood cancer, or leukaemia, three months ago.
As Adam celebrates their birthday on Valentine's Day on Tuesday, thousands of residents will come together in a 5km walkathon called Mercithon at Dubai Creek Park on February 24 to collect funds for them and five other cancer patients so they can pay for one year of treatment.
The Samaritan Ministry of St Mary's Catholic Church, organisers of the event in association with Emirates Red Crescent, said that 6,000 people have confirmed their participation to raise Dh650,000 for these patients. As Adam turns four on Tuesday, their parents are worried about raising Dh250,000 for their treatment at Dubai Hospital.
“My Adam was like every other healthy kid, but a couple of months ago we noticed that they stopped eating well and they were turning pale. We took them to a doctor, and after further medical examinations, we were told that they suffer from leukaemia. Since then our life has turned upside down,” said Fatima Kassem, Adam's mother.
The mother of three, living in Sharjah, refuses to call it blood cancer because the word distresses them
“We never expected them to be diagnosed with this disease; we thought it would be something different. It is less stressful for me to call it leukaemia than to mention the word cancer,” they said.
Adam's father, Hisham Kassem, who works for a private firm, said the only chance for Adam's survival and recovery relies on completing the treatment.
“His cure from the disease will be in the hands of God. We are told many children can be cured. We are going to be very thankful to those who can support my child,” they said.
In addition to the cost of Adam's treatment, the family has to manage rent, school fees and food on a salary of Dh6,000.
“The last thing on our mind is how we will be able to afford the treatment. We only want our child to be cured with the help of people and their prayers,” Fatima said.
Adam's treatment includes chemotherapy cycles, regular blood tests, and medication, their father said. “He also has to stay at the hospital for part of the treatment.”
Adam is getting tired of visiting the hospital constantly and not being able to leave the house or socialise with other children because of their weak immune system. Fatima said that their message on Valentine's day is: “It's a day for love and happiness for many people, and I hope people can pray for him. I want my child's days to be filled with happiness.  They are a jolly child and really smart. They were supposed to go to school this year, but we have to postpone that,” they said.
The walkathon, titled Mercithon, has a mission to support these patients from different religious backgrounds and nationalities including Lebanon, Syria, Philippines, and Pakistan, who are unable to meet their medical expenses.
Lennie Connully, parish priest at St Mary's Catholic Church, Dubai, said: “Adam is our youngest patient. We want to celebrate the gift of life received and invite the generous community of Dubai to cut across all barriers of colour, cast or creed and support Adam through this charity event and make it a huge success.”
Show your support
Tickets for the Mercithon, to be held between 8am and 4pm, can buy in person at t St Mary's Catholic Church, Dubai, for Dh50.
The event will include a family fun fair, food stalls, kids zone and live shows.
People can visit www.mercithon.com to register online.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Contact
Barbara Esteves-Moore, Two Roads Communications
***@tworoadscommunications.com Barbara Esteves-Moore, Two Roads Communications
End
-- What if your child had a rare and fatal disease for which doctors thought they had developed a cure, but the cure sits in medical research limbo due to funding?This is the real scenario facing the parents who have formed the non-profit foundation Project Alive. They are coalesced around the single goal of curing Hunter Syndrome, the rare and fatal disease afflicting their sons. This month Project Alive launches its #15byMay15 campaign to raise the remaining $1.5 million needed to test a drug developed by researchers who believe it will cure the disease.Project Alive President Melissa Hogan, whose son Case has Hunter Syndrome (MPS II), will be in Washington, D.C. April 25-27, speaking at the World Orphan Drug Congress. Melissa, a healthcare attorney, is an expert on Hunter Syndrome and has consulted on research designs for the disease around the world.The #15byMay15 campaign aims to move 100,000 people to each donate $15 in order to complete the funding of a clinical gene therapy trial at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio. This grass-roots foundation has already raised $1.1 million to produce the drug to be used in the clinical trial for MPS II patients, and to support an investigational new drug (IND) application.Affecting approximately 2,000 people worldwide, Hunter Syndrome is a rare, genetic condition resulting in the lack of the enzyme iduronate-2 sulfatase. Without that enzyme, cellular waste builds up throughout the body and causes progressive loss of physical, and in most cases, mental function. The clinical trial targets the most common, severe form of Hunter Syndrome, causing progressive neurological decline and a life span in the early teens. In 2017, the first gene editing clinical trial ever performed, widely reported around the world, was in Hunter Syndrome, but targeted the less common, attenuated form of the disease.Hogan and other Project Alive parents from Florida to California have worked closely with researchers to get to this point. They have an agreement with Nationwide Children's Hospital (NCH) in Columbus, Ohio, to fund the production of gene vector for a Phase I/II clinical trial in patients affected by the disease and after beginning production, the drug will be ready in July 2018. The #15byMay15 campaign seeks the money to fund the next step as soon as the drug comes out of production."This is a critical step towards our goal to develop an effective gene therapy product to treat individuals with MPS II," said Dr. Kim McBride, the clinical principal investigator of the project. "This project reflects two decades of collaborative efforts of Dr. Haiyan Fu at Nationwide Children's Hospital and Dr. Joseph Muenzer at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill."In 2013, Project Alive began working with Dr. Fu to see if their previous preclinical gene therapy research for a similar disease, Sanfilippo Syndrome (MPS III), could be developed in Hunter Syndrome. That call began a symbiotic relationship between a researcher who knew the science and parents most familiar with the disease, which accelerated the then ongoing collaborative research project of Drs. Fu and Muenzer."With the generous support from Project Alive and many other family foundations we have made pivotal progress since 2014," said Dr. Fu. "This has led to significant advancement in our MPS II gene therapy research towards a clinical trial."Researchers have FDA approval for the investigational new drug (IND) application, which allows them to proceed with clinical trials as soon as they have the funding."Now we need the funding to catch up with the science and our mission," said HoganTo support the clinical trial, Project Alive has been raising funds from public donations, grants and fundraisers across the United States.Hogan and their husband, Chris, a national best-selling author and TV personality, have worked tirelessly to not only raise funds, but also raise awareness of the disease through interviews, speaking at conferences, meeting with drug companies and doctors. In 2017, the appeared on "The Doctors" and "Inside the NBA" among other showsProject Alive has developed a documentary series ( https://projectalive.org/ stories/ ) about Hunter Syndrome which introduces viewers to families fighting the disease.
Cristiano Ronaldo (C) celebrates their goal by taking off their shirt which resulted in their first yellow card against Barcelona in Camp Nou on August 13, 2017. BAGU BLANCO/SHUTTERSTOCK
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a sensational goal and was then sent off for a combination of their provocative celebration and for diving as Real Madrid beat Barcelona 3-1 in an explosive Spanish Super Cup first leg.
Gerard Piqué scored an own goal early in the second half to give Real the lead in the annual curtain raiser between La Liga champion and the Copa del Rey holder although Lionel Messi looked to have saved their blushes by scoring a controversial penalty in the 77th minute after Luis Suárez was fouled, the Guardian reported.
Ronaldo, a substitute, rattled in a wonderful goal from outside the area three minutes later to restore European champion's advantage, earning a booking for removing their shirt and also mimicking Messi's celebration at the Santiago Bernabéu in last April's Clasico.
Ronaldo was given a second yellow card moments later for diving to attempt to win a penalty and they will miss Wednesday's second leg at the Bernabéu. Far from letting Barcelona back in, the Spain forward Marco Asensio then extended Madrid's advantage with a scorching shot from outside the area in the 90th minute.
Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane was delighted with their team's performance by also annoyed by some refereeing decisions after the game.
"We played a great game but I am annoyed by Cristiano's sending off," Zidane told a news conference.
"Perhaps it wasn't a penalty but the red card is a little harsh. We can't change it, but we'll try and make sure they play on Wednesday."
It was also not the kind of debut Barcelona new boss Ernesto Valverde was looking for.
"I don't have the sensation we were as far away from them as the scoreline suggests. They scored three times, but we played well and had our chances," Valverde said after their first defeat as the Barça manager.
"They caught us on the counterattack when it was 1-1 and scored a great goal, and then another one. But it's not just about getting into the danger zone - it's about putting your chances away."
Ronaldo hit with five-game ban
Later on Monday, Ronaldo was hit with a five-game ban which means the Real Madrid star will miss the second leg of the Spanish Super Cup against Barcelona and the first four games of new La Liga season.
They reacted by pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea after they picked up a second yellow card for diving and was then sent off, Eurosport reported.
The referee included the incident in their report, writing, “Once the red card was shown, the player pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement.”
Article 96 of the Spanish league's rules and regulations says such behaviour should be punished with a ban of between four and 12 matches.
Ronaldo was treated as leniently as possible but on top of the one-game ban for the red card which they will serve against Barça, Ronaldo will now also miss the Liga games against Deportivo La Coruna, Valencia, Levante and Real Sociedad as a result.
THE FIGHT IS ON.
A post shared by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma) on Jun 14, 2017 at 2:21pm PDT
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on a court hearing on the FBI investigation of Michael Cohen (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
A New York judge says lawyers for President Donald Trump's personal lawyer and Trump have until June 15 to make attorney-client privilege claims over data seized in April raids.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood said at a hearing Wednesday that they had to balance the needs of lawyers for Cohen and Trump with the needs of criminal prosecutors.
Advertisement
Cohen did not speak during the hour-long hearing in Manhattan. Their lawyers said they are about a third of the way through materials turned over from the government. Federal agents raided Cohen's home and office on April 9 in a criminal fraud probe.
The lawyers said it will take until mid-July to finish their review. Wood said that was too long.
___
11:30 a.m.
An attorney for President Donald Trump's personal lawyer is accusing porn actor Stormy Daniels' attorney of leaking secret banking records to deliberately harm their client.
The attorney for Michael Cohen, Stephen Ryan, blasted Michael Avenatti at a New York court hearing Wednesday about materials seized in an FBI raid of Cohen's home and office.
Ryan told a judge that Avenatti should not be able to participate in a review over whether the materials fall under attorney-client privilege.
Avenatti denied that they did anything wrong. U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood told Avenatti they would need to file a formal application to join the case.
Prosecutors say they're probing Cohen's business interests. There have been no charges filed against him.
Wood told the parties to speed up the review process.
___
11:15 a.m.
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle over records seized from Cohen by the FBI.
The primary subject of the hearing Wednesday was a review of files and phone data taken from Cohen as part of an investigation of their personal business affairs.
But the lawyers were also debating whether Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for porn actor Stormy Daniels, will get a formal role in the case.
Avenatti says they also want access to some seized records, possibly including recordings of phone calls, to see if they reveal confidential information about Daniels.
Lawyers for Cohen don't want them involved.
___
12:22 a.m.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Barbara Jones said in a letter filed in federal court Tuesday that lawyers for Trump personal lawyer Michael Cohen and attorneys for Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to the privilege.
The letter to U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood preceded a hearing scheduled for Wednesday.
Jones says more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors.
Wood had asked that materials from the April 9 raids on Cohen's home and office be processed speedily. Prosecutors say they're probing Cohen's business interests.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Good old Great Barr - known for having a great big Asda, The Red House and enough traffic jams to send you potty.
What's more is that 90 per cent of people don't actually know where Great Barr is, which, given the area is a hybrid of three different councils, it's hardly a surprise.
And it's that point exactly - not knowing where Great Barr is - that leads to two of our whiny reporters listing the 13 most annoying things about living in Great Barr (wherever that may be!).
1) Great Barr? More like one great big traffic jam
(Image: Iain Findlay)
Beacon Road, the Old Horns roundabout, Aldridge Road, Old Walsall Road and the boss of them all: the Scott Arms - motorists would have spent hours upon hours caught up in these traffic-hit junctions.
And it all starts of a morning, with traffic snaking right from the top of Barr Beacon in Aldridge to the Boar's Head on the approach to Perry Barr. It's a nightmare.
Also, I don't know what's more annoying: the long wait for traffic lights to turn green at the Scott Arms or how few cars are let past when you're climbing up Old Walsall Road out of Hamstead. Grrr!
2) It's like a scene out of The Day After Tomorrow
(Image: Google)
Great Barr must have one big red panic button, which is pressed every time it snows.
Asda Queslett is rammed at the best of times but when snow sticks people flock to the popular super store to grab essentials like bread and milk.
There's not a car parking space in sight. It's like the world's about to end and a scene out of The Day After Tomorrow . It's the same during that neither here nor there period between Christmas Day and New Year's Day when shoppers are unsure about opening times.
3) Where is Great Barr exactly?
I've met countless fellow Brummies on holiday abroad who are from your Northfields, Shirleys and Acocks Greens yet, when I mention Great Barr, they didn't have the foggiest of ideas where it is. Why is that?
What don't help is that Great Barr is split up between THREE different councils with Walsall serving Pheasey; Birmingham serving ‘Oscott' and Sandwell serving the Scott Arms and Hamstead. Great Barr is basically here, there, everywhere and, by the sounds of it, nowhere.
4) Is it Oscott or is it Great Barr?
Birmingham City Council class Great Barr as Oscott which is poppycock because no-one actually says they live in Oscott.
The Old Oscott suburb is north of the Dyas Road while, if you go past Kingstanding, you then hit New Oscott which is on the approach to Boldmere. Confused yet? We are.
5) Blighted by bus bugbear on the 997
The excruciating moment when the 997 bus turns down Dyas Road and Shady Lane when all you want to do is go straight to town or Asda Queslett and Pheasey. It's a good 15-minute detour and, more to the point, it's annoying.
6) The only way is Pheasey
There's nothing Walsall about Pheasey yet this neighbourhood in Great Barr has its bins collected by Walsall Council while residents are also represented by a Walsall MP.
It's more confusing than annoying this one but people in Pheasey will tell you they're proud Brummies with a Birmingham postcode.
7) It's no Sutton Coldfield that's for sure
Unlike neighborhoods such as Sutton Coldfield and Aldridge - which have their own high streets complete with restaurants and shops - Great Barr doesn't really have anything of the sort and, is in fact, surrounded by countless pubs and takeaways.
Maybe we just like a skinful down the local followed by a chicken chow mein on the way home.
8) Kingstanding test centre and the Alps-like Dyas Road hill
Why is Kingstanding Driving Test Centre actually in Great Barr and, more pressingly, why is the steepest hill known to man situated right outside which, in essence, gives instructors the perfect opportunity to test your hill starts?
Everyone knows the test centre in Birdbrook Road. It's been around for years and it hasn't changed a bit. You've got the big slope to get into car parking bays while, around the corner, Dyas Road on the approach to the Hawthorn is like a slope from the French Alps.
9) Countless crashes at trouble-hit junction
The troublesome Greenholm Road-Aldridge Road-Thornbridge Road junction is a notorious accident blackspot. The latest smash occurred just a fortnight ago and involved a white Sprinter van colliding with a BMW.
There's even a big yellow sign warning motorists that there has been so many accidents here over the past few years.
The junction does not have traffic lights or a pedestrian crossing and allows cars to cut across the busy Aldridge Road commuter route.
10) How many Aldi stores does Great Barr need?
There's one plonked at the Scott Arms and the German food giant now wants to build a new supermarket bang opposite Asda Queslett - just a mile down the road.
This story continues to be a huge talking point among readers on Great Barr Live with the majority split down the middle in terms of being either FOR or AGAINST the new proposals.
Also, if you didn't know, there's also an Aldi in nearby Kingstanding off the College Road. Now, I know people love a bargain and all that but how many Aldis do we actually need?
11) There's more to Barr Beacon than dogging rumours
(Image: flickr / Manoo Mistry)
Why is it whenever you mention Barr Beacon all people talk about is dogging?
Those who know the Beacon know on any good day you can find elegant horse riders, peaceful dog walkers, kite fliers, radio hams and, when it snows, the Beacon is awesome for sledging.
It's a beauty spot with a stunning view of Birmingham city centre, too.
12) Even our so-called celebrities don't like talking about where they're from
(Image: Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)
Arguably the most famous people to be from Great Barr is Judge John Deed themselves Martin Shaw and TV presenter Cat Deeley who, rather ironically, both hate talking about Birmingham.
13) And did we mention traffic jams? See point number one again because this makes us all feel like a bear with a sore head.
April 3 CHC Student Housing Corp
* CHC Student Housing Corp. announces termination of proposed business combination with Dundee Acquisition Ltd.
* CHC Student Housing Corp says given termination of proposed transaction with DAQ, CHC is currently conducting a review of its strategic alternatives Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The government of the state of Osun has stated that it has refurbished a total of 82 school blocks comprising of 1,534 classrooms across the state.
Revealing this over the weekend, Senior Special Assistant on Education, Mr. Niyi Idowu said the vision of the present administration to radically increase access to qualitative and quantitative Universal Basic Education amongst other policies, led to the reclassification of schools, which in turn gave birth to massive social investments in the physical infrastructure of many schools in the state.
Giving a report of school construction so far in the state, Idowu said, “most of the existing schools have been refurbished, while some others were newly built.
“20 blocks of 522 elementary school classrooms, 22 blocks of 748 middle schools classrooms and 40 blocks of 264 high schools classrooms have been refurbished in the past 5 years” the special assistant stated.
They further revealed that a total of 55 new schools have been built.
They gave an analysis of the new schools built and completed so far to include, 20 elementary schools, 22 middle schools, and 13 high schools.
. . . And Takes Command of U.S. Cyber Command and the National Security Agency
Gregg Kakesako
Special to The Hawai‘i Herald
Earlier this month, a grandson of immigrants from Okinawa whose Nisei father served in the Military Intelligence Service in World War II became the fourth American of Japanese ancestry in U.S. military history to be elevated to four-star general and appointed director of the National Security Agency and head of U.S. Cyber Command.
On May 4, 54-year-old Gen. Paul M. Nakasone, a Minnesota-born sansei with deep Hawai‘i roots, assumed leadership of the two intelligence agencies. Nakasone now faces what deputy secretary of defense Patrick Shanahan called “the dawn of a new era, facing the reality of war's changing character — the emergence of cyberspace and outer space as contested war-fighting domains, equal in importance with land, sea and air.”
THE MISSION
Gen. Nakasone brings a decade of experience in combatting cyber warfare that began with a 2008 security breach involving a thumb drive. Following that incident, they played a major role in the design and creation of U.S. Cyber Command, which was formally established in June 2009 when it became the 10th fully unified, stand-alone combatant command, headquartered at Fort Meade, Md.
In October 2016, after deployments to South Korea, Iraq and Afghanistan, Nakasone assumed the leadership of the Army's Cyber Command. As its commanding general, they created joint task force areas charged with attacking and disrupting ISIS (Islamic State) online operations. They were also instrumental in expanding Army Cyber Command by recruiting thousands of digital “warriors.”
In announcing Nakasone's promotion as the incoming head of the National Security Agency and U.S. Cyber Command earlier this year, Rob Joyce, special assistant to the president and cybersecurity coordinator on the National Security Council, praised Nakasone's strong background in cyber issues. They said Nakasone “brings great experience and strong cyber background” to their new post and called them “an exceptional leader for two exceptional organizations.”
U.S. Cyber Command became the 10th combatant command — four of which, like U.S. Cyber Command, have specific missions: Transportation Command, Special Operations Command and Strategic Command; and six with geographic areas of responsibility: U.S. Africa Command, Central Command, European Command, Northern Command, Pacific Command (headquartered in Hawai‘i and headed by Adm. Harry Harris) and Southern Command.
In testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee in March, Nakasone said Russia, Iran and North Korea pose the most serious cyber threats. They added that U.S. Cyber Command is prepared to use its cyber intelligence and attack capabilities to target funds and other assets of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
“We face a challenging and volatile threat environment, and cyber threats to our national security interests and critical infrastructure rank at the top of the list,” they told the committee during a March hearing on their nomination. Nakasone cited the significance of public-private partnerships in the advancement and implementation of new technologies to address security risks.
Gen. Nakasone assumes leadership of the NSA at a time when it faces several major security breaches, the loss of technical talent and reorganization. The National Security Agency, which conducts electronic surveillance and protects U.S. national security agencies' computer networks against hacking, employs about 38,000 civilians, soldiers and analysts and works with about 17,000 contractors. U.S. Cyber Command, with 7,000 military personnel and civilians, faces the challenge of effectively countering cyber threats.
In a statement to The Hawai‘i Herald after assuming their new duties, Nakasone said they were honored to lead the two organizations.
To read the rest of this article, please subscribe to The Herald!
Gregg K. Kakesako worked for the Honolulu Star-Bulletin, Gannett News Service in Washington, D.C., and the Honolulu Star-Advertiser for more than four decades as a government, political and military affairs reporter and assistant city editor.
KINGSTON, Ont. — Ontario Provincial Police have identified two people killed in a collision in eastern Ontario.
Police say an SUV and a tractor-trailer collided last Friday on Highway 401 in Kingston, Ont.
They say two occupants of the SUV died at the scene.
They have been identified as 33-year-old Cheng Yuan of Waterloo, Ont., and 27-year-old Meiyu Li of Burnaby, B.C.
Rugby-Lions dance in background as NZ stay on toes against Samoa
AUCKLAND, June 15 The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure their side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
A ‘Tory tip tax' charging for the disposal of household DIY waste in West Sussex should be scrapped, Labour county councillors have said.
Residents had had to pay £4 a bag to get rid of items such as hardcore, plasterboard, and soil at West Sussex County Council's Household Waste Recycling Sites since October.
The charges were introduced alongside reduced opening hours and days of operation for most West Sussex rubbish tips.
But Labour county councillors have tabled an amendment to the 2017/18 budget, due to be discussed on Friday (February 17), to abolish the charges.
This follows a recent letter from the Government's Department for Communities and Local Government which stated that ‘waste disposal sites should not be charging for household DIY waste in any rate'.
Michael Jones (Lab, Southgate and Crawley Central) said: “The ‘Tory tip tax' was forced through, it was the wrong decision then, and now there's a fairly good chance that it was not legal to introduce charges in the first place, or that it won't be long before the Government makes the county council reverse them anyway.
“Common sense would suggest the council abolishes it now, taking into account all the reports coming back of the serious increases in fly tipping.
“That there has been a diminution in hard-core is one of the most alarming parts of this. If it's not going in the right places at the HWRS tips, it must mean much of it is being hidden in the domestic waste.
“Our district and borough domestic waste grinders and at our MBT plants simply won't cope and it will cost a fortune to replace them.
“While we did not agree with the West Sussex Tories' decision to introduce the charges, and indeed accurately warned them of all the short-sighted, damaging things that would happen if they went ahead, at no time did we realise that it may not even have been their right to do this.”
Brian Quinn (Lab, Broadfield) added: “There is enough of a problem with fly tipping as it is, without the council putting up additional barriers. Why should my residents, and in fact all the residents in the county have to put up with this?
“They pay their council tax for what they rightly think should be a free service at the point they need to use it. And actually they're set to pay a good deal more when the Tories put up the council tax by four per cent this month, so I think the residents should see something for their money.”
Back in January a spokesperson for the county council said: “There has been no noticeable increase in fly tipping since the introduction of the charges at the household waste and recycling sites. We have carefully monitored any reports of fly tipping through our district and borough partners and none of them are reporting a direct increase as a result of the changes.
“Nationally there has been an increase in fly tipping year on year for the last 6-8 years. We are in the process of putting together a specialist team of officers who would enhance the anti fly tipping work by district and borough partners.
“Our actions and those of many other local authorities fully comply with the current legal legislation as defined by Controlled Waste Regulations 2012 and the Environmental Protection Act 1990, which specifically states that soil and hardcore is classified as an industrial or non-household waste and as such a charge can be levied for its disposal.
“We are aware of subsequent statements issued by government which, in our view, contradict this legislation. However, unless this legislation is changed by the Government - and there is currently no indication of any plans to do so - we do not intend to reverse our decision to charge for non-household waste streams such as soil, hardcore and tyres.”
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
April 10 Imf Bentham Ltd
* Its united states investment vehicle, Bentham IMF 1 LLC (bentham imf 1) has agreed to fund a further matter in us
* new matter number usf3 involves funding of a contract dispute in an arbitration in us.
* IMF has taken policy position not to disclose specific details about bentham IMF 1's investments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 4 x 400 meters relay final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – members of Trinindad and Tobago relay team celebrate after winning the gold medal.
LONDON (Reuters) - Trinidad and Tobago denied United States a seventh successive world 4x400 metres relay title when Lalonde Gordon overhauled Fred Kerley on the final straight to win a breathtaking final at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday.
The U.S led for most of the race and appeared to be on course for another win after Michael Cherry ran a strong third lap to extend their lead before handing the baton to Kerley.
But Gordon gave chase and ran a superb final lap for the Caribbean islands, catching the American on the home straight to give Trinidad their first world title in this event and add to the list of upsets at the championships.
It was just reward for Lalonde who was part of the Trinidad team which took bronze on the same track at the London Olympics five years ago and won silver at the Beijing World Championships in 2015.
Jereem Richards, bronze medallist in the 200 metres, and Machel Cedenio also kept them in contention in the second and third legs as Trinidad claimed their first and only gold of the championships.
Martyn Rooney put up a brave chase for Britain but was unable to haul in the leading pair and the hosts took bronze.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's 4x400 Metres Relay Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017. Lalonde Gordon of Trinidad and Tobago celebrates winning the final ahead of Fred Kerley of the U.S. and Martyn Rooney of Great Britain. John Sibley
Trinidad's time of 2:58.12 was the fastest this year.
"We knew the U.S. team are always strong and we were prepared for that," Cedenio said.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 4 x 400 metres relay final – London Stadium, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Matthew Hudson-Smith, Dwayne Cowan, Rabah Yousif and Martyn Rooney of Britain celebrate winning the bronze medal. Toby Melville
"I think it was the best experience of all my career....We came third in 2012 in the national record. Now it is gold and I cannot ask for more."
Jamaica and Bahamas, Olympic silver and bronze medallists respectively in Rio de Janeiro last year, both failed to qualify for the final as did Botswana, another of the favourites, after they dropped the baton in the semi-finals.
The United States, who are also Olympic champions, last failed to win the world title in Paris in 2003.
"I got the lead for the fourth leg," Cherry said. "Silver is a good medal. You never expect to lose coming into a race. We gave all we had.”
FILE PHOTO: A worker controls a tapping of a blast furnace at Europe's largest steel factory of Germany's industrial conglomerate ThyssenKrupp AG in Duisburg, Germany December 6, 2012. REUTERS/Ina Fassbender/File Photo/File Photo
DORTMUND, Germany German labour union IG Metall demanded on Tuesday that industrial company Thyssenkrupp (TKAG.DE) end talks to merge its European steel business with that of India's Tata Steel (TISC.NS).
Thyssenkrupp and Tata Steel have been in discussions since July about merging their European steel assets to cut costs and reduce overcapacity, a move that has sparked concerns about job cuts in Germany.
"Management should put its merger plans on ice and discuss with us how the group can make progress," said IG Metall's Detlef Wetzel, who is a member of Thyssenkrupp Steel Europe's supervisory board.
Thyssenkrupp last month unveiled plans to cut costs by 500 million euros (£422.4 million) at its steel business. IG Metall has said that could lead to 4,000 out of the 27,000 jobs at Thyssenkrupp Steel Europe being axed.
Labour bosses also fear that more cuts could be made at Thyssenkrupp's German steel sites to make room for Tata's ailing steel plant in Port Talbot, Wales, where a deal has been struck to protect jobs and investment.
The German union will stage a rally on Wednesday in the city of Duisburg, home to the headquarters of Thyssenkrupp Steel Europe, and several thousand workers are expected to attend.
"You cannot just say that the UK sites won't be touched but take the axe to Germany," Wetzel said on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Tom Kaeckenhoff; writing by Maria Sheahan; editing by David Clarke)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
SEATTLE (AP) — Washington state has sued the operator of one of the largest immigration detention centers in the United States, claiming it did…
Image copyright South Yorkshire Police Image caption Thomas Rhodes, a first year student at the University of Sheffield, died in March 2017
A 19-year-old university student died after falling from the ninth floor of a derelict hotel in Sheffield, a coroner has said.
Thomas Rhodes, of Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, died in 2017 at the abandoned Hallam Towers in Fulwood.
An inquest at Sheffield Coroners' Court heard there had been an "epidemic" of trespassing at the location.
Coroner Christopher Dorries said the "exact circumstances in which Thomas fell to their death remain unclear".
More stories from across Yorkshire
Mr Rhodes, a geography student at the University of Sheffield, was found dead on 27 March outside the building on Manchester Road.
The inquest heard their body was discovered by Alina Akhtar and Yaseen Khaddouri, who gained access to the site by squeezing through a gap in the fence.
In a written statement, Mr Khaddouri said they heard "a loud thud towards the front of the building", called 999 and stayed with Mr Rhodes until an ambulance arrived.
Image copyright Terry Robinson Image caption Mr Rhodes's body was found in the grounds of the disused hotel
Det Con James Harding, of South Yorkshire Police, told the inquest there was no evidence of any third-party involvement.
The inquest heard Mr Rhodes's mobile phone, headphones and jacket were found on the ninth floor of the 11-storey building.
Mr Harding said there was no evidence to suggest Mr Rhodes intended to take their own life, and toxicology tests found they had not been drinking.
The inquest heard Mr Rhodes, who was described as "quiet, shy, funny and friendly" by friends, had been taking anti-psychotic medication since 2016.
'Disaster waiting to happen'
It was believed they had stopped taking their medication in the days before their death, the court was told.
Following their death the owners of Hallam Towers, Blenheim Group, issued a statement urging so called "urban-explorers" to stay away from the site.
Speaking after the inquest their parents David and Carmel and sister Kate said efforts to prevent access were "disgraceful".
"We appreciate Thomas was trespassing, they should not have been there along with all the other students but it was easy for him. It was a disaster waiting to happen," they said.
The Dankworth Family Festival returns in July for three days of music and to celebrate the 90th birthday of Dame Cleo Laine.
Taking place at The Old Rectory in Wavendon, the line-up includes Lesley Garrett, clarinet virtuoso Emma Johnson, classical guitarist John Williams, the internationally acclaimed Brodsky Quartet, Natalie Williams and Booker Prize winner Ben Okri.
This year the festival will be donating all profits after costs to the Beds and Northants MS Therapy Centre, a charity close to the family's heart as Dame Cleo's son Stuart suffers from the condition.
Since its inception by John Dankworth, the Dankworth Family Festival brings together the extended Dankworth family - Cleo, Jacqui and husband Charlie Wood, Alec and daughter Emily - plus special friends each year for a weekend of world-class performances.
The Old Rectory in Wavendon, a romantic Gothic Revival greensand and limestone vicarage built in 1848 by architect William Butterfield, has been home to the Dankworth family since the late 1960s.
In the 1990s it was the late John Dankworth who thought the garden would be the perfect setting for their own music festival.
Over the years John and Cleo have played host to a diverse range of performers including Eddi Reader, Fenella Fielding, Darius Brubeck, Alexander Armstrong and numerous others from the worlds of music, theatre and the arts.
This year, the festival takes place from Friday, July 14 to Sunday, July 16.
On the Friday, doors open at 6.30pm for an apératif and canapé reception.
At 8pm there will be performances by Lesley Garrett and Emma Johnson accompanied by Andrew West.
The following day, doors open at midday with performances by Craig Ogden and Jacqui Dankworth, Charlie Wood and Ben Okri, The Brodsky Quartet and Natalie Williams.
On Sunday, doors open at midday with performances by Alec Dankworth & The Million Dollar Band and Peter Fisher and The Chamber Ensemble Of London.
From 6pm to 8.30pm, Dame Cleo Laine - compared by jazz vocalist and radio presenter Todd Gordon - will be joined by special guests include Earl Okin, John Williams, West End and cabaret star Lorna Dallas, Peter Fisher and jazz violinist Chris Garrick.
There will also be duets by Jacqui Dankworth and Charlie Wood and songs from Emily Dankworth.
Admission for children is free.
Tickets cost £130 for all three days or £45 for Friday and £55 each day on Saturday and Sunday.
Admission for children is free.
For full details and to book, visit www.perdido.co.uk/dff
Melanie Carrié, 66th Cherry Blossom Festival queen, visited the Hawaii Hochi offices in March and drew the winning ballots for the 35th “Guess the Cherry Blossom Festival Queen” contest sponsored by The Hawai‘i Herald and Hawaii Hochi.
With a perfect ballot, Eric Kira of Honolulu was the first prize winner of a round-trip for two to wherever Hawaiian Airlines flies in Hawai‘i, courtesy of TransPacific Tours. (A perfect ballot correctly predicts the queen, first princess and at least two princesses.)
The second prize winner was Judy Watanabe of Pearl City, who won a buffet dinner for four people, courtesy of Pagoda Floating Restaurant. Third prize winner Michio Ohki of Honolulu won a gift basket from Iida's.
The Herald thanks all of our contest sponsors for their support.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
WASHINGTON, March 29 President Donald Trump's administration has informed Congress of its plan to restart the congressional review period for the sale of 19 Lockheed Martin F-16 aircraft to Bahrain, along with 23 engines and other related equipment, a congressional source said on Wednesday.
Congress was originally notified of the sale in September 2016 by former President Barack Obama's administration, but it was pulled back because of human rights concerns. The Trump administration has separated the human rights issues from the transfer, the source said.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A carer who looks after their blind partner said the couple may have to 'split up' after claiming their benefits have been cut.
Martin Johnson, who is a full time carer for their partner Graham Atkinson, said the couple are £700 worse off per month since the introduction of Universal Credit.
The couple, from Kings Norton, said they have struggled to pay their bills since the benefits system changed in January.
"We have no life and are constantly having to rely on family and friends for money," Martin, aged 44, said.
The couple also said that because they live together, they are only entitled to certain benefit, under the new Universal Credit structure.
"We would be financially better off living as single people," Martin added.
"How is that even right?
"We have worked out that if we live apart, we could be entitled to more money.
"So because we are being honest and declaring our situation, it is as though we are being penalised for it.
"Graham is blind and cannot live on their own.
"But we are getting to the stage where we are just existing.
"We can't go out or do anything.
"And this is all down to when we had to change over to Universal Credit."
Graham receives a Personal Independent Payment (PIP) allowance for their disability, which used to be support by Employment Support Allowance (ESA).
But Graham is no longer receiving the ESA part of their benefits since the couple started claiming Universal Credit.
Universal Credit helps with living costs and has replaced six separate benefits, including Employment Support Allowance.
Martin receives a Carers Allowance, which used to be supported by an ESA 'top-up.
Martin still receives the Carers Allowance but said their ESA top up has now ceased.
On top of that, Martin said the couple now have to pay their own rent and council tax, which they were not expected to pay before.
Martin also claims that Graham has to attend a 'capability assessment' to see whether they would be fit to work.
If Graham is deemed unfit to work, they may then be able to start claiming the ESA again, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has confirmed.
"Graham is blind, they cannot work," Martin added.
"It is ridiculous and it seems that they are admitting there is a problem but weh have been told it could take up to six months to sort it all out.
"This has been going on since January and we have no money to cover the bills.
"We can't even afford to eat.
"We have used the foodbanks but we cant even go there any more because we have used it three times already.
"I don't know why they had to change the system when it was working perfectly fine already.
"It is just leaving people in a mess and financially worse off.
"I cannot work because Graham needs round the clock care.
"I used to have a job but it wasn't working out because I was getting home too late and Graham was struggling to cope on their own."
A Department for Work and Pensions spokesperson said: “We're committed to helping people into work while making sure the right care is in place for those who can't. We're supporting Mr Atkinson and Mr Johnson in their claim. Unlike the previous system, Universal Credit is more targeted and support is focused on those who need it most.
“As people's circumstances change, their claim will be updated to make sure they are receiving the appropriate support.”
Introducing: Alchemy Gold-Diamonds-Silver - Commodity Rewards - Crowdfunding Capital Raise Program Offer
COMMODITY REWARDS CROWDFUNDING
Media Contact
Bruce A. Cosgrove
7788295666
alchemist@alchemyotcmarketsspecialists.com Bruce A. Cosgrove7788295666
End
-- Is your Gold – Diamond or Silver production/producing property requiring expansion capital to increase, prove out or re-instate production without the issuance of Equity or Debt?Introducing:Alchemy OTC Markets Specialists "Pioneering", CommodityRewards" Crowdfunding Capital Raise Program Offer for Jr. Resource mining companies with Gold - Au () - Diamonds - Silver - Ag (" production or near- term production capabilities.The 3 – Month customized Au-Diamonds-Ag Rewards Crowdfunding Program is for Jr. mining companies with production or production capabilities with operations in N. & S. America including* Mexico requiring expansion capital to increase, re-instate production and/or exploration to prove out additional reserves. The Au-Diamonds-Ag mining assets must be majority owned & domiciled in N. America.The Rewards Program is funded through "Donations" from Donors towards the $ucce$$ of the project where Au – Diamonds - Ag are offered by the company as the "Incentive" to the Donors to donate. The company Rewards the Donor with Diamonds – Au - Ag pursuant to the Offering Agreement to complete the transaction.The Offering Agreement provides for the physical delivery of the Au-Diamonds-Ag to the Donator @ a fixed discounted market price providing the Donator the additional upside potential of the commodity. The Company is funded, developed while profiting on the rewarded commodity and without the issuance of equity or debt.Alchemy offers a 3 - Month Rewards Program with 2 – Months pre-launch preparatory work and the 3Month email distribution of the Company "Tombstone" Rewards Notice Offering to 5 Million Accredited and Penny Stock Investors.To achieve maximum donator awareness, the Rewards Crowdfund Program can be customized to a targeted email audience of more than 6 Million accredited - 30 Million penny stock investors for 1 week to 1– Month programs to ensure a $ucce$$ful commodity Rewards Crowdfunding capital raise.Alchemy OTC Markets Specialists, LLcInternational ConsultancyCrowdfundingü Commodity "Rewards" Au-Diamonds-Ag $USD UnlimitedCrowdfunding Programü Debt/EquityTitle II – $USD Unlimited – Title III - $USD1.0 Million Crowdfunding CampaignsPR - Social Media Digital Marketing Email Programsü Double Opt-in – 6 Million Accredited Investors –30 Million Penny Stock InvestorsUS Public Securitiesü OTC Markets Direct Public Listing - Reverse Merger Listing Servicesü OTC Markets Pink – QB Available Shellsü All Regulatory Offerings/Filings/SubmissionsLet Alchemy design and structure your Company Going Public Program - Crowdfunding Capital Raise Campaign to suit your Company's budget http://www.alchemyotcmarketsspecialists.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
It looks like the internet is going to get its wish: Ben Affleck reportedly doesn't want anything to do with Batman anymore.
A report on Collider Movie Talk has fuelled rumours that the Oscar winner is done with playing the Caped Crusader, and does not want to star in the stand-alone film, The Batman.
John Campea said on the show that at least three sources associated with the franchise and Warner Bros, which produce the DC movies, have approached them about Affleck's future with the franchise.
"Ben Affleck, make no mistake, they do want out. They don't want to be Batman anymore."
Campea added: "I have been told that Affleck is talking with Warner Bros in an attempt to get out of being Batman, and if they do not let them out of being Batman that the stand-alone Batman film that ultimately happens will be the last time we see Affleck as Batman."
Although they urged viewers to take it with a grain of salt, the rumour follows other suggestions that Affleck is done with the series.
Affleck recently dropped out of directing The Batman, citing that they did not have the ability to both star in and direct the movie.
"Performing this role demands focus, passion and the very best performance I can give. It has become clear that I cannot do both jobs to the level they require.
Continued below.
Related Content The top 10 Batman actors ever, from George Clooney to Will Arnett Lego Batman just gave Fifty Shades Darker a spanking Temuera Morrison to romance Nicole Kidman as Aquaman's dad in new superhero movie
"I am still in this, and we are making it, but we are currently looking for a director. I remain extremely committed to this project, and look forward to bringing this to life for fans around the world."
Forbes later reported that the entire script was being rewritten.
Affleck first appeared as Batman in last year's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, their first superhero role since the poorly received Daredevil.
After an intense internet backlash to their casting, the movie was a financial success but was torn apart by fans and critics alike.
While promoting the movie, Affleck appeared depressed when asked about the reviews, spawning the ''Sadfleck'' meme.
 They are set to appear in both parts of Justice League, the first half of which comes out in November.
Neither Affleck nor Warner Bros have commented on the rumour.
- NZ Herald
BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might
LONDON, June 15 When BP boss Bob Dudley clinched a final deal to settle litigation over the deadly Deepwater Horizon disaster, many oil industry executives and investors thought their mission was accomplished.
CORAL GABLES, FLA. (WSVN) - Thieves targetted a Coral Gables home under renovation to steal several heavy appliances, Monday.
Surveillance cameras at the house captured the duo, around 1:45 a.m., as they lifted large appliances out of the house, which belongs to a veteran police officer.
That officer, who wished to not be identified, said the men who broke into their house need to be caught. “I'm fixing the house, putting new appliances in the house, went to see my grandkids out of town,” said the homeowner. “When I came back, all the appliances were gone.”
They were fixing up the house to sell it, but now he's out of a stove, refrigerator, a microwave and even a dishwasher.
“I want to go and look for these guys, right away,” the homeowner said. “I want these guys to know that you can't play with law enforcement.”
The homeowner said he's spent a lifetime serving their community and said they will do whatever they can to catch the crooks. “We need to catch these guys, so please if you see it and you know who they are, give us a call,” they said.
The subjects left the water running, which flooded the house, the victim said. “It cost me $5,000 just to replace the wooden floors,” they said. “And to replace the appliances was almost $3,000.”
“You violated my family, my house. You're playing with fire,” they said.
If you have any information on this crime, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Robbie Williams helped hundreds of people bring in 2017, but it seems they were not as happy to be with them as they were with him.
The former Take That singer jumped into the crowd for a rousing rendition of Auld Lang Syne during a small gig at Westminster's Central Hall.
After the traditional song was sung, Robbie jumped back on stage and picked up a bottle of hand sanitiser, the Daily Mail reported.
They were seen pulling a grimace as they squirted the clear liquid on their hands and carried on the performance.
It is thought their facial expression indicated they meant the bizarre act as a joke.
Although the singer was criticised by many, some applauded their good hygiene practices.
One vicar said they often sanitise after shaking hands with their congregation, while others appreciated they were probably trying to stave off the illnesses that spread at this time of year.
It wasn't just their personal hygiene that drew comment, as many thought their performance was less than perfect too.
While some were grateful for living in America without him, there were also calls for them to "get in the sea".
Continued below.
Related Content Public Hanukkah menorah lightings in cities around the world Great South American travel destinations Watch NZH Local Focus: How to make a cricket bat
Their performance was called the first death of 2017, following the string of high profile celebrity deaths that marked 2016.
@robbiewilliams with their alcohol gel after touching hands with fans. Sums up how we all feel after 2016 #newyear #Ew https://t.co/aVDjbPGk30 pic.twitter.com/om35ROILGF — Kayleigh Bunker (@KayleighMBunker) January 1, 2017
The clothes worn by the dancers were slammed too, with people frustrated by the overtly sexy outfits and lack of female band members.
Robbie played their best known songs before midnight before treating fans to tracks from their new album.
But some couldn't help but turn their classics into anti-bacterial puns as the word of their gel use spread.
Their hit with Take That, Want You Back For Good, became, I just Anti-bac for good, while people also said they were loving anti-bac instead of angels.
- Daily Mail
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Well, that was fast. Elon Musk claims to have sold out of flamethrowers in just four days.
The Tesla founder said on Twitter that they would stop taking orders for the $500 devices after selling 20,000. The goal was to raise $10 million for their tunneling business, The Boring Company.
The Boring Company, founded in 2016, has plans to create a network of underground tunnels to ease traffic congestion.
Musk, who is known for provocative antics, first mentioned plans to sell a flamethrower in December, and repeatedly plugged the idea on social media.
The Boring Company insisted the flamethrower is safe.
"Much like a roller coaster, this is designed to be thrilling without danger," a company spokesperson said in a statement.
Musk had advertised the flamethrowers as "guaranteed to liven up any party," drawing a huge reaction online.
"When the zombie apocalypse happens, you'll be glad you bought a flamethrower," they tweeted on Sunday. "Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!"
Related: Can Elon Musk make subway tunnels cool again?
The flamethrowers will start shipping in the spring, according to The Boring Company's website. Musk said in a tweet that each flamethrower would be dispatched with a complimentary fire extinguisher.
The Boring Company previously sold 50,000 hats for $20 apiece in 2017. The business is privately funded.
Related: Tesla won't pay Elon Musk unless...
Not everyone is amused. Miguel Santiago, who serves in the California State Assembly, said they would file legislation to block the stunt.
"We've now seen some of the worst wildfires in California's history, so handing out flame torchers for $500 is a really bad idea and bad public policy," they said.
-- Julia Horowitz and Bill Burke contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
THOMAS MOORE MIGHT no longer be a household name in Ireland, but a group of Irish musicians wants to change that.
Once upon a time (well, just a few decades ago), Moore's influence was more remembered than it is in some quarters today. A singer, poet, and songwriter, they also played a role in making sure many Irish traditional Irish songs were not forgotten.
And on top of that, the Aungier Street-born Moore lived a pretty fascinating life – they spoke with an English accent (which they learned at school), and was one of the men responsible for burning Lord Byron's memoirs. To mark their impact on Irish music, a bust of their likeness was erected on College Green.
Between 1808 and 1834, they published their series of Moore's Memories, which included their Irish Melodies, like The Minstrel Boy, The Last Rose of Summer, and Oft in the Stilly Night.
Resurrected
Now a group calling themselves The Moorings – acclaimed musicians Simon Morgan, Karl Nesbitt, and Drazen Derek – have decided to pay tribute to Moore's work, by resurrecting and reimagining it with the help of Eddi Reader, Martin Tourish, Lisa Lambe, Dave Fleming, Nigel Linden and The keynotes.
They say they are treating their reimagining of their melodies with “beautiful simple arrangements interspersed with Salsa, Jazz, and Eastern European influences, reflecting a modern international Ireland”.
Simon Morgan explained more to TheJournal.ie:
He's not a household name and 30 years ago there was no question that they are,” says Morgan of Moore. “So it's about resurrecting that.
They went on: “As a kid we'd all hear some songs but what tends to happen over the last 30 years is because it was always present, it was ubiquitous – people were almost sick of it. But actually they had 100 songs and was ever-present throughout our Irish folk history.”
“And also it's very important that themselves and a few other collectors at the end of the 18th and beginning of 19th century, they are the reason we have all these Irish traditional tunes,” they explained. “They wrote them down and popularised them. We do owe them a debt. We have thousands of tunes and a lot of it is thanks to these guys. It's an oral tradition, and Moore was smart because they popularised them by putting words to them and making them songs – they were the One Direction of their day so to speak.”
They were a hero here and in England they were friends with Lord Byron and they used to hobnob with the top of society, and not in any patronising way – they were really respected. They were an amazing figure.
When Morgan was a child, they used to sing some of Moore's songs. “But there were only 10 of them really known that were done in a classical way,” they say. “The likes of John McCormack recorded them in a particular way. Whereas actually they were originally a folk singer so they were much more songs of the people. They have these books, Moore's Melodies, books with 2/300 songs in them. They really great songs with great lyrics – a lot of them aren't recorded.”
What the team behind The Moorings didn't want to do was treat Moore's work like a museum exhibit. “You have to make it relevant to today,” says Morgan.
“Things tend to be treated a little like museum pieces but actually there was a reason why [his songs] were so successful at the time – because they were really good.”
They say the work is “not supposed to be too academic – it's supposed to be entertaining, good songs that give emotion and bring you on a bit of a journey and that's what we're doing.”
It's not going to be a fussy, stuffy kind of thing.
They point to Moore's lyrics as a sign that their work wasn't staid or boring – a song called Tis Sweet To Think is about how “if you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with”, says Morgan. Moore was “much more down to earth” than you might think, they say.
The Moorings made that song into a “dirty jazz tune”, but at the gig they will keep a number of the songs stripped down, just with piano, as was intended.
“I have played a few to various people and that's how I got the likes of Eddie Reader involved, says Morgan of the arrangements. “They see the merit in it and see how it's relevant.”
There will be moments where they start a song and see where it brings them, but it won't be a full-on jam – until the end of the night, when all of the musicians involved gather on stage to end the night's performances together.
The Moorings are planning a series of gigs around the country, and release an album of Moore's music.
“Anyone I play it to they are excited about it, and I guess for me because it's been a labour of love about 10 years in the coming I'm just delighted it works,” says Morgan of the album.
“Whatever about the concept of modernisation something, it can sound like you're trying too hard, but it's really working naturally.”
Thomas Moore Reawakened will take place at the National Concert Hall, Dublin on 21 February 2018. For more details, visit the NCH website.
COLD CASE: Robert Grayson has not been seen since May 1993.
COLD CASE: Robert Grayson has not been seen since May 1993. Qld Police
VIVID memories of a young man who was easily led astray came flooding back to Robert Grayson's family this week, almost 25 years after they disappeared.
A relative of Mr Grayson's said the family was shocked and relieved when they learned Russell Williams had been charged with their murder.
Police allege Mr Williams murdered Mr Grayson and Derek Van Der Poel, who were last seen in May 1993 when they were tending to a marijuana crop at Kroombit Tops.
A family member, who did not want to be named, told The Observer Mr Grayson was not a bad person.
"It's surprising that no matter how many years go past, something like this just brings back all those vivid memories," they said.
"He wasn't a bad kid, they were just very naive and easily led."
Referring to Mr Grayson as "Bob", they said their late grandmother Jean Fischer, of Warwick, would have been very proud to hear the police had made a major breakthrough in the cold case.
Mrs Fischer, known by their grandchildren as "Mama", reported Mr Roberts as missing on August 8, 1994 to the Calliope Police Station.
"We often went a long time between hearing from Bob," the relative said.
Russell Williams being led by police at the Gladstone station after they were charged with two counts of murder and drug production. Queensland Police
"Every now and again you would get a call from Bob saying I'm working here, or I'm not doing much, he'd just contact you out of the blue. But it was 12 months and (Jean) said it's been too long, they said they would've contacted us...hopefully now we might be on the road to get some sort of closure."
The news of Mr Williams' arrest this week came as a surprise to the family.
It also made them proud that more than 20 years of dedicated investigation by the Gladstone Police and Homicide Squad in Brisbane had resulted in the major development.
The family member said from the day Mrs Fischer reported Mr Grayson missing, to then Calliope Police officer-in-charge Darryl Saw, the investigation had been thorough.
"(Darryl Saw) did everything in their power to find out everything they possibly could," they said.
"This whole time nobody has given up and we do really appreciate that."
Mr Williams will front court on April 10 for a committal hearing.
Photo: Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
They explained that kids make fun of their nose and during lunch they pour milk on them and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after they picked them up from school when they told them they were afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be their guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
German manufacturer Nordex Group is to supply turbines totalling 147MW for Building Energy's Roggeveld wind farm in South Africa.
The order covers delivery of 47 machines made up of AW125/3150 and 3000 models, including towers that will be made in the African country.
It also includes servicing of the turbines for at least 15 years.
Installation at the project site near Laingsburg will start in 2019, creating a about 700 jobs, Nordex said.
Italian outfit Building Energy has signed a power purchase agreement with South African state utility Eskom to supply electricity from Roggeveld once operational.
Image: Nordex
Defaulting student loan borrowers living in Australia have stumped up $4.7 million since a new information-sharing agreement kicked in, the Government says.
The agreement lets the Australian tax office give Inland Revenue contact details for borrowers living in Australia.
The first exchange of information was made in November last year, when contact details for 57,000 borrowers were sent to Inland Revenue, 38,000 of whom were in default.
Inland Revenue sent a number of these to a collection agency.
Advertisement
Revenue Minister Judith Collins said that by May, repayments received topped $4.7m. Some borrowers paid off their debt in full, and others set up repayment plans.
Another 12,000 borrowers have voluntarily contacted Inland Revenue since the information-sharing agreement came into force.
A recent exchange of information gave Inland Revenue the contact details of another 10,000 borrowers.
Last year the Herald revealed the arrest of Cook Islands man Ngatokotoru Puna, 40, at Auckland Airport as they tried to leave the country.
Puna was the first person arrested under a new hard-line policy, passed in March 2014, that allows an arrest warrant to be issued for the worst student loan defaulters.
Student unions have criticised the border arrest policy as draconian and likely to make overseas Kiwis "student loan refugees" - unable to return home for weddings, funerals or other important events.
Accurate contact information is crucial - an arrest warrant can only be issued if a district court judge is satisfied a person is knowingly avoiding student loan repayment obligations.
It comes just over a year since the terror attack at the Ariana Grande concert.
A teenage survivor from the Manchester Arena bombing was praised for their “unbelievable attitude” after performing in the Britain's Got Talent semi-finals.
Hollie Booth, 13, and their dance troupe Rise Unbroken were among the eight acts on stage in Wednesday's live shows.
They performed to Macklemore and Ryan Lewis' Can't Hold Us, with Booth leaping out of their wheelchair and dancing on crutches.
It comes just over a year since the terror attack at the Ariana Grande concert where a suicide bomber killed 22 people including Booth's aunt, Kelly Brewster.
.@RiseUnbroken are such a great example of never giving up! Watch their performance and find out why! #BGT 💁‍♀️💁‍♀️💁‍♀️💁‍♀️💁‍♀️💁‍♀️ https://t.co/siSXIEqtaK — Britain's Got Talent (@BGT) May 30, 2018
The group sported jumpers emblazoned with worker bees – the emblem for Manchester, symbolising the city's industrial past.
Amanda Holden said the youngster had come on “leaps and bounds”, adding the group had done “Manchester proud”.
Simon Cowell said: “Through your perseverance and and an unbelievable attitude … whatever happens… you have won.”
Rise Unbroken were joined by two golden buzzers acts in the third semi-finals as magician Marc Spelmann and opera singer Gruffydd Wyn.
Musical comedian Robert White also wowed the crowd as they took aim at the judges while the show escaped any serious glitches after the first two semi-finals were marred by issues.
Monday's broadcast was briefly interrupted due to stormy weather while a stage invader interrupted Tuesday's show.
There was a slight delay on Wednesday evening with presenter Declan Donnelly having to stall ahead of the fourth act, Mr Uekusa, as they were not quite ready.
The magician-cum-stripper eventually appeared after Donnelly said: “We're not quite ready for Mr Uekusa …. oh wait we are … brace yourself.”
They received the buzzer from Holden while Cowell said the performer was the “best person at getting your kit off in the world”.
Britain's Got Talent continues tomorrow night at 7.30pm on TV3 and live on 3player. You can catch up on all of the action so far on 3player now.
© Press Association 2018
CTV Vancouver
British Columbia's police watchdog says it is investigating after a man died following an interaction with police in South Surrey Monday.
Mounties and paramedics responded to calls about a "distraught male" who was screaming in the intersection of 10 Avenue and 161A Street shortly after 1:30 p.m.
The officers' arrival led to a "physical struggle," the Independent Investigations Office said. The man went into cardiac arrest and died at the scene at around 3 p.m., despite efforts to resuscitate him, according to the IIO.
"He was lying on the road crawling around…just freaking out, just spazzing out," said Brian Roffey, who lives in the usually quiet residential area. "The next thing I heard was that they had passed away on my neighbour's front lawn."
Roffey said the man was saying there were people after them and lights coming toward him. Several civilians in the area tried to calm them down before police got there, Roffey added, but no one touched them because they were too violent.
In a separate release, Surrey RCMP said officers had tried to speak with the man before trying to take them into custody.
The IIO was notified after they were pronounced dead and began investigating.
Authorities temporarily closed the area to traffic. The BC Coroners Service was also called in.
Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to contact investigators at 1-855-446-8477.
What does the winter weather have in store for you? There's good and bad news in NIWA's latest outlook
Find out all the information for your region in NIWA's May to July outlook.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web. They wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook, and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade. During their time at O'Reilly Media, Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group, identifying the topics to build events and books around. They have worked in areas as diverse as networking, publishing, science, edtech, and NLP. They now live in New Zealand, where they run Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow.
Thousands of Hizbollah supporters joined a fiery rally in Beirut today as the movement's leader urged Palestinians to rise up after US President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as the Israeli capital.
Demonstrators packed the streets of Beirut's southern suburbs in a carefully managed march. Crowds chanted, "Death to America, death to Israel!" and waved Palestinian and Hizbollah flags.
Trump's announcement last week that their Administration would break with decades of US foreign policy to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital has sparked protests across the Arab world.
Hundreds of protesters clashed with Lebanese security forces near the US Embassy in Beirut yesterday, hurling rocks and bottles towards the compound as the army beat back the crowd using tear gas and water cannons.
Advertisement
But so far, more serious violence has not materialised, and Palestinian concerns about Jerusalem have failed to energise most Arab governments. For the most part, many leaders here seem more focused on conflicts in Syria, Yemen and elsewhere that are now afflicting the region.
Addressing the crowd today via video link, Hizbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah described Trump's policy change as a "foolish decision" that would mark the "beginning of the end" of the Jewish state.
"The most important response will be to announce a third Palestinian intifada on all occupied Palestinian territories," they said, using an Arabic term that evokes earlier uprisings.
Lebanon harbours more than 500,000 Palestinian refugees, many of whom fled their homes in what is now Israel and the West Bank during the wars of 1948 and 1967. The Lebanese state has never formally recognised their status as refugees, and Palestinians are barred from dozens of professions.
Sitting on the footpath during Nasrallah's speech was Alia Shahata, born in 1948 to parents who they said left Palestine after being expelled from their home.
"Trump is humiliating all Arabs with their decision," they said. "My family has no rights here in Lebanon. Our boys all work on coffee stalls inside the refugee camp. Know that we would all go back to Palestine tomorrow if we could."
EU leaders rejected Benjamin Netanyahu's request to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital https://t.co/hhtb86qwMF — The New York Times (@nytimes) December 11, 2017
As they spoke, a group of boys no older than 10 posed for photographs in the street, dressed in military fatigues and raising their hands in salutes like Hizbollah's fighters. Founded in response to Israel's 1982 invasion of Lebanon, Hizbollah, a Shia militia backed by Iran, has also played a key role in turning the tide of Syria's civil war in favour of President Bashar Assad.
Trump's decision to officially recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital has drawn widespread condemnation from allies around the world, many of whom had seen the city's eventual status as a matter to be settled in a peace agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians.
European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said today that the 28-member bloc delivered a "clear and united" message to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a visit to Brussels, and that the only "realistic" solution is for two states, with Jerusalem as their shared capital.
They squarely rejected Netanyahu's public remarks that they expect European nations to follow the US lead and move their embassies as well. "He can keep their expectations for others," they said.
BREAKING: In Turkey, Putin says Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital destabilizes Middle East https://t.co/eRChBDdSAs — Haaretz.com (@haaretzcom) December 11, 2017
In their speech, Netanyahu said Trump had put "facts on the table" with the recognition of Jerusalem, which they said makes peace possible by recognising reality.
But at home in Israel, the fallout continued. Israel's military said a rocket was launched towards its territory from the Gaza Strip, although authorities were not sure whether it landed on the Israeli side of the border fence. Israel responded by bombing two Hamas military posts in southern Gaza.
It was not clear who fired the rocket, but Israel holds the militant group responsible for all aggressive actions from the Gaza Strip. No casualties were reported in the exchange.
Hamas has called for an uprising, or intifada, against Israel in the wake of the Jerusalem announcement. Two of its militants were killed after Israel responded to rocket fire last week, while two protesters who Israel said were rolling burning tires and throwing rocks were also fatally shot near the border, the first lives claimed in violence related to Trump's decision.
(Adds details, updates prices) By Rushil Dutta April 12 Most Asian currencies rose on Wednesday as investor concerns eased about simmering geopolitical tensions though caution towards risky assets prevailed in the market. Currencies were also helped by an overall softening in U.S. treasury yields. The 30-year yield touched near three-month lows on Tuesday as concerns about the upcoming French presidential elections and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea prompted safe-harbour demand. The South Korean won crept into green after six straight sessions of losses on optimism that the geopolitical crisis won't snowball. "They need to have elections by May 10, and a sense of political stability coming in means the won is a latent buying opportunity if geopolitics doesn't blow out," said Vishnu Varathan, a senior economist with Mizuho Bank. "The markets therefore won't go aggressively short on this, because you do have some optimistic opportunists out there." The Thai baht and the Singapore dollar got a lift from the yen's continued rally over the past three sessions on the back of safe-haven buying. The Chinese yuan, however, was about 0.1 percent lower at 6.898 against the dollar. Data released earlier in the day showed China's producer price inflation in March cooled for the first time in seven months as iron ore and coal prices tumbled. Analysts, however, say they believe a bigger risk stems from Chinese authorities struggling to manage banking sector risks while they try to keep growth rate stable. China's banking regulator told banks to conduct "self-inspections" to determine whether they are using loopholes in rules to avoid reporting non-performing loans, Reuters had reported earlier citing official documents. The Indian rupee was the biggest loser, down about 0.3 percent, wiping out minor gains made in the previous session. The rupee is overbought and the focus has shifted to less heavily bought assets, analysts said. "I don't see anything fundamental that has actually changed within the domestic climate at all," said Stephen Innes, a senior trader for FX broker OANDA. EYES ON MAS The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) would keep its exchange-rate based policy unchanged at its semiannual review due on April 13, a Reuters survey predicted. The survey also showed the government's advance estimate of first-quarter GDP, due at the same time, is expected to show that GDP shrank 1.9 percent from the previous three months on annualised basis. The Singapore dollar rose for a second straight session on expectations that the MAS will assume a less dovish tone in its meeting. " 'hawkishly neutral' stance may position the SGD (Singapore dollar) for more strength against its trade-basket," Mizuho Bank said in a note. CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR Change on the day at 0612 GMT Currency The Latest bid Previous day Pct Move Japan yen 109.510 109.6 +0.08 Sing dlr 1.401 1.4033 +0.14 Taiwan dlr 30.570 30.650 +0.26 Korean won 1143.200 1145.8 +0.23 Baht 34.521 34.561 +0.12 Peso 49.545 49.635 +0.18 Rupiah 13285.000 13280 -0.04 Rupee 64.713 64.49 -0.34 Ringgit 4.428 4.431 +0.07 Yuan 6.894 6.8903 -0.06 Change so far Currency The Latest bid End 2016 Pct Move Japan yen 109.510 117.07 +6.90 Sing dlr 1.401 1.4490 +3.40 Taiwan dlr 30.570 32.279 +5.59 Korean won 1143.200 1207.70 +5.64 Baht 34.521 35.80 +3.70 Peso 49.545 49.72 +0.35 Rupiah 13285.000 13470 +1.39 Rupee 64.713 67.92 +4.96 Ringgit 4.428 4.4845 +1.28 Yuan 6.894 6.9467 +0.76 (Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
MOSCOW (AP) " Several people have been detained outside the Russian parliament at an impromptu protest against a controversial plan to tear down Soviet-era apartment blocks and relocate 1.6 million people.
The State Duma is expected on Wednesday to adopt the third and final hearing of a bill that would allow Moscow City Hall to pull down entire neighborhoods, involving more than 4,500 blocks.
The redevelopment project, arguably Russia's largest, has rattled many in Moscow who see the plans as an encroachment on their constitutional rights and a ruse to evict them from leafy neighborhoods to high-rise ones on the city's outskirts.
Several dozen were rallying outside the Duma on Wednesday morning, chanting "For shame!" Police snatched several people from the crowd and took them to a police van.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18KlI
— A group of Southeast Halifax High School students said they were denied access to graduation ceremonies because of a water balloon fight at graduation practice.
Parents and students said they are disappointed and claim the school's handling of the situation and punishment was unfair.
Latoya Lawrence said their son, Re'Quandre, was dressed and ready for the graduation ceremony on Monday.
"Every parent wants to see their child take that final walk to say, I made it, you know, I made it," Lawrence said.
"When I get out of the car, they said 'She's not letting me walk,'" Lawrence said.
Lawrence said Re'Quandre and roughly a dozen other students were pulled out of the procession line and told they were not allowed to walk the stage.
They said the students had taken part in a water balloon fight during graduation practice at Halifax Community College on Friday. They claim the students were not told the consequence until they arrived at the ceremony on Monday.
"We begged. We pleaded: ‘Please let them walk.' This is the day they had been waiting for. They would not let them walk. They said they had it on tape, and it was either press charges or not let them walk.
Lawrence's son said teachers and administrators were present during the water balloon fight and never mentioned disciplinary action.
WRAL asked district leaders about the circumstances surrounding the decision not to let the students walk.
The response was directed to an online statement, which says diplomas will be granted once transcript verification has been completed for each student and that graduates will receive their diplomas around June 22.
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
President Jacob Zuma during their State of the Nation Address (SONA) to a joint sitting of the National Assembly and the National Council of Provinces in Cape Town, South Africa February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Sumaya Hisham
JOHANNESBURG Jacob Zuma is considering offering to step down next year, at least 12 months before their term as South African president ends, under a deal with opponents in their ruling party that would see Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan leave office now, two senior party sources said.
Zuma is due to be replaced as leader of the African National Congress (ANC) at a party conference in December after serving their allocated two terms, but was expected to remain the country's president until elections in 2019. Their spokesperson did not respond to several calls for comment.
Zuma's offer would allow them a dignified exit as there remains a possibility they could be removed by the ANC before next year. Who becomes the next leader of the ANC is key for Zuma given they could yet face corruption charges, analysts say.
Their offer appears intended as a way out of an impasse over the country's leadership within the divided ANC, but may not be enough to satisfy opponents of Zuma, who want the president out early anyway and urgently want Gordhan to stay.
The South African Communist Party, an ally of the ANC, also said it objected to Zuma's plan to sack Gordhan.
The main opposition leader, Mmusi Maimane of the Democratic Alliance, announced plans to bring a motion of no confidence against Zuma in parliament after their intention to fire Gordhan was confirmed.
There is precedent for an ANC leader to leave the presidency early. Thabo Mbeki was removed by the ANC as South African president in 2008 after their time as party leader ended at the close of the previous year.
Splits in the ANC deepened this week after Zuma ordered Gordhan to return from an investor roadshow in Britain, raising expectations of a cabinet reshuffle that markets fear will include the finance minister's removal. Gordhan is viewed favourably by investors and the rand fell sharply when they were ordered home.
After Zuma's offer to go was reported, the rand extended gains and was 1.32 percent stronger at 12.88 to the U.S. dollar by late Thursday morning.
"Zuma's early departure after December conference is on the table. It's being discussed," one of the sources said. "He could be forcibly removed so it makes sense for them to go on their own terms."
Zuma's opponents have become increasingly vocal, and agreeing to stand aside early could help prevent a permanent split in the former liberation movement of Nelson Mandela, which last year suffered its worst result in local elections since it swept to power with the end of apartheid in 1994.
Some senior members of the ANC are pushing for Zuma's departure now, applying pressure on them to find a compromise.
"He must just go. We don't need their 'offers'. They must just go before destroying our country," one senior ANC member, who had not heard of Zuma discussing stepping down, told Reuters.
Zuma has the authority to hire and fire ministers such as Gordhan, but if senior party figures openly criticise them or resign it would weaken their position in the party.
Zuma and their allies want Gordhan replaced by someone more aligned with their plans, which include more radical redistribution of wealth to address the legacies of apartheid and looser fiscal spending, the two sources told Reuters.
Gordhan's removal is a key requirement in negotiations for Zuma's faction. They also want to choose Zuma's successor at the national conference in December, the sources say.
Zuma's supporters are believed to be backing their ex-wife Nkosozana Dlamini-Zuma, a former African Union chair, as their replacement. Another section of the ANC supports Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, viewed as more market-friendly.
RESHUFFLE
Gordhan's supporters are uncertain about agreeing to promises on which Zuma could later renege, the two sources close to the matter said.
There are also concerns that Gordhan's replacement could facilitate government corruption that some senior members of the ANC say has become rife, the sources said.
Gordhan's allies view them as a figure of stability and integrity who is managing a flatlining economy burdened by high government spending and at risk of being downgraded to "junk" status by credit ratings agencies.
Some of Zuma's allies say Gordhan's importance is over-exaggerated and their close relationship with investors and ratings agencies shows that they are allied to vested interests.
South Africa remains starkly unequal 23 years after the end of apartheid with much of the wealth still in the hands of white people who make up 9 percent of the population.
The ANC has been experiencing one of its most difficult periods since the end of white-minority rule, and some analysts say Zuma agreeing to leave early could heal some wounds.
“If confirmed, this could be the long-awaited compromise where Zuma agrees to go in return for some protection," said political analyst Nic Borain. "It would be a very clever move."
Nomura analyst Peter Attard Montalto said in a research note on Wednesday that Zuma leaving presidential office early next year after the ANC conference was their "baseline" scenario.
Zuma, who was an underground anti-apartheid operative and was jailed with Mandela on Robben Island, is a determined leader but they have shown a willingness to compromise.
In December 2015 they bowed to pressure from within the ANC and appointed Gordhan as finance minister after markets tumbled when they replaced respected economist Nhlanhla Nene with little-known lawmaker David van Rooyen.
In a sign of how divided the party is, at the funeral of anti-apartheid stalwart Ahmed Kathrada on Wednesday the congregation clapped and cheered as a letter written by Kathrada calling for Zuma to resign was read out.
Gordhan received a standing ovation when they were praised by another speaker during the service, including from some cabinet members, and was seen wiping tears from their eyes. Zuma did not attend at the request of Kathrada's family.
The most senior ANC figures, known as the 'Top Six', are evenly split on whether to remove Gordhan, sources said on Wednesday.
(Additional reporting by Ed Cropley; Editing by Peter Graff and Giles Elgood)
There comes a time in which we all wish to try something new and exciting without overthinking the consequences. Going skinny dipping at the beach after a couple of drinks, booking a flight to some exotic destination without planning or, in my case, cycling all around Taiwan in less than 10 days and to do so without any prior cycling experience.
Opportunities like these don't come around too often, so when I was invited to participate in a cycling tour around the East Asian island, I didn't think twice and accepted the invitation filled with excitement and looking forward to this new experience. Obviously I wasn't naive enough to not really prepare for this journey. But for someone who doesn't own a bicycle, I think the 15km I covered every couple of days on a city bike, weren't nearly enough preparation for the 100 – 120 km we had to cover every single day for nine days straight.
Cultural traditions with a modern view
Taiwan is a destination that has fascinated me for a long time. Considered one of the most open and liberal countries in Asia, Taiwan is known for its culture of free speech and gender equality. It is one of the most underrated destinations among visitors to East Asia and at the same time one of the richest in terms of culture and tradition. Strongly influenced by its neighbors China and Japan, Taiwan's way of life seems to be a perfect mix of these two cultures.
View on the mountains in the New Taipei state
Traditional Chinese culture is part of Taiwan in everyday life. Standard Chinese is the main language in the country, Buddhism and Taoism are the country's main religions and the main aspects of the Chinese cuisine are represented in the local specialties. However, with the rise of Western influence in the country and the desire of Taiwan to get closer to this hemisphere of the world, activities like cycling became popular among Taiwanese.
From industrialization to a love for cycling
Taiwan's loving relationship with cycling began almost four decades ago when Taiwanese bicycle manufacturer GIANT had their breakthrough and became one of the largest suppliers worldwide. Bicycles became affordable for Taiwanese and cycling was no longer merely a form of transportation, but also a sporting leisure pastime.
With cycling culture growing every year, improvements to the cycling routes by the government at the beginning of the new millennium finally turned Taiwan into a cycling nation. In 2015 the government finished the construction of the Taiwan Cycle Route No.1, which goes around all of Taiwan with standards comparable to any cycling route in Europe. Taiwan started to appear on the map for having some of the best and most beautiful cycling routes in the world.
Views while riding along the eastern coastline of Taiwan
"You had the best preparation of us all", Gerard said jokingly, one of the Canadian cyclists joining me on this trip while I'm selecting a rental bicycle for the journey. "You practiced with a city bike! The right bicycle will feel like heaven".
Our team for this trip was young and very diverse. Some came with solid cycling experience in their home countries, others were hobby cyclists, who enjoy a good tour once in a while, and there were a few exceptions like me, who were there for a new experience, without really knowing what they were getting themselves into.
A country that's best seen from two wheels
Taiwan has a very unique landscape structure. While the east offers some of the most diverse natural settings, the west is much more industrialized. The roads are flatter, and the landscapes after a while can even become a little monotonous.
Our journey started in Taipei, the northernmost city, and we cycled around the country clockwise, getting us the chance to see the variety of the eastern landscapes during the first half of our trip. With more than 80 km ahead of us for the first day, the journey around Taiwan started "gently". No more than 2 hours after departure, we were already in the outskirts of the city and green landscapes started to emerge in front of us. Abandoned train tunnels turned into cycling routes. The reward for taking on this challenge was the impressive views of the seacoast and landscapes of Taiwan which are invisible to travelers in cars or trains. The best part was that I was able to stop at anytime to take pictures.
Night markets are an obligatory stop on a tour to Taiwan
We passed mountains in the New Taipei state between the capital and Jiaoxi, cycled past miles and miles of rice fields surrounded by impressive scenery and through tropical forests in the south. New culinary experiences were a big part of the journey too, as we ate the spiciest ice cream in Jiaoxi, tried sticky tofu, had bubble tea almost every day and night markets were an obligatory part of our schedule – regardless of how tired we were.
Riding as a team was also very important for us. We stuck together for most of the trip, no matter how large the gap of cycling experience between us was. During the 10-minute breaks every 20km in which we ate bananas, chocolates and snacks, we got to know each other better, motivated each other or just relaxed. We also had a supply van accompanying us on the whole trip, making the journey way more comfortable, as we didn't have to carry our own luggage and food and even got some assistance if we needed any technical support.
Views of the rice fields underwater in eastern Taiwan
Travelling such a large distance by bicycle without a day of rest was tough and difficult. There were moments when I seriously considered stopping and getting into the van to take a deserved rest, which I was craving for. However, with a team of friends motivating me to continue, incredible views along the way and a professional crew behind me, my goal was to see the 100km on my speedometer every day and to keep going.
After more than 930 km covering a diverse mix of mountains, villages, cities and rice fields, I felt that everything was possible and there was no crazy adventure that could not be accomplished with the right conviction. Now I know now that cycling 900 km without experience is even harder than I had imagined, but yet I can't wait to try another crazy new experience.
* Vanke showing some signs it's becoming more like an SOE -sources
* Shenzhen move may end protracted corporate power struggle
* Some analysts think Baoneng may still want board seats (Recasts, adds comment from lawyer and former employee)
By Clare Jim
HONG KONG, March 31 China Vanke has come under the direct control of the Shenzhen government, a move that may end a struggle for boardroom control but raises questions as to what extent the property giant will remain a market-driven company.
The Shenzhen body that oversees government-controlled enterprises said Vanke had become one of its newest members, according to the Wechat post seen by Reuters on Friday.
Vanke, China's No. 2 homebuilder by sales, has been in crisis since late 2015 as financial conglomerate Baoneng Group built up a 25 percent stake and sought to oust management.
To counter Baoneng, state-owned Shenzhen Metro Group, a key Vanke ally, bought a 15 percent holding for $5.4 billion and this month became its largest shareholder in terms of voting rights after a proxy agreement with Vanke's No. 3 shareholder.
The moves have widely been seen as a prelude to the subway operator gaining control of Vanke and the cause of much speculation that the firm would begin to resemble a state-owned enterprise.
Vanke has attended a recent meeting to set targets on social responsibilities, including the role of state-owned enterprises in promoting Shenzhen's growth, the city's supervisory body for state-owned assets said in its Wechat post.
Some current and former employees have said that since late last year when Vanke was in talks with Shenzhen Metro, the company has gradually been adopting some practices that pointed to it becoming more like a state firm.
Vanke, worth $33 billion by market value, is reorganising its party committee - which controls corporate governance - and promoting more policies proposed by President Xi Jinping, the sources said, declining to be identified due to the sensitivity of the issue.
The policies include the "One Belt, One Road" initiative - which envisions building a network of land, sea and air routes that will open new markets and education campaigns focusing on honesty, they said.
"The state-owned culture is obviously growing inside the company," said one former senior official who left Vanke earlier this year.
INTERESTS OF THE STATE
The real estate sector contributes around 15 percent to China's economic growth, and both Beijing and local governments have been keen to take a more active role in the market, particularly when sky-rocketing prices have become a serious concern for policymakers.
"There's no market traits in this case; it's all about interests of the state," said Roy Qiu, a lawyer who specialises in mergers and acquisitions at DeBund Law Offices based in Shanghai.
Asked to comment on whether it could be considered a state-owned enterprise, Vanke said on Friday it had always been 'a mixed-ownership enterprise' and would continue to be one. It declined to comment on the reorganisation of its party committee.
Whether the more direct control by the Shenzhen government will cause Baoneng to back down remains to be seen. Some analysts believe it is still interested in gaining seats on Vanke's board.
Baoneng and Shenzhen Metro did not respond to requests for comment.
The term of Vanke's current board officially expired on March 27, although company rules allow the current board to serve until a new one is formed. The property developer said this week that no time frame to select a new board had been set as yet as various parties were discussing proposals.
The corporate power tussle has taken a large toll on Vanke. In addition to ceding much power to the Shenzhen government, it has also lost its title as the country's biggest homebuilder to rival China Evergrande Group - one that it had previously held for a decade.
Some staff members had left the company and projects were facing cancellation, it has said. (Reporting by Clare Jim; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree and Edwina Gibbs)
A view shows the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) headquarters in Silver Spring, Maryland August 14, 2012. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday approved Radius Health Inc's drug to treat osteoporosis in mail carriersopausal women at high risk of fracture or those who have failed other therapies.
The drug, Tymlos, is given by injection and was shown in clinical trials to reduce the absolute risk of spine fractures by 3.6 percent compared with a placebo and to reduce the risk of non-spinal fractures by 2 percent.
The drug, which was approved earlier than expected, will compete with Eli Lilly & Co's Forteo and Amgen Inc's Prolia.
The company did not disclose a price of the drug but is expected to do so on a conference call with investors on Monday.
"This approval transforms Radius into a commercial-stage company," said Jessica Fye, an analyst with J.P. Morgan in a research note. "We believe that with healthy projected gross margins, they have room to price in line or even at a discount to Forteo."
Tymlos carries a boxed warning of the risk of bone cancer similar to one for Forteo.
Some analysts cautioned that Tymlos may face significant competitive challenges.
"While FDA approval is positive, we continue to see significant commercial hurdles as likely given competition," Jefferies analyst Eun Yang said in a research note.
They estimated the drug will generate peak annual sales of $450 million by 2028.
Radius's shares closed up roughly 1 percent at $39.07.
(Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by Bill Trott)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Claire Foy says the controversy over their pay for the Netflix series "The Crown" has changed their approach to Hollywood.
"It definitely opened my eyes to a lot. And I certainly won't be naïve about those things," Foy said in an interview on Monday in Las Vegas. "It's really opened my eyes about what I am allowed to have an opinion about, and what I'm allowed to stand up for myself about. And I think that's really changed my approach to myself and other women in this industry. It's been only a positive thing — even though, embarrassing."
A producer disclosed last month that Foy, who starred as Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, was paid less than Matt Smith, who played Prince Philip, because Smith was better known.
The gender pay gap has become a big issue in Hollywood after revelations that many female stars have been paid less than their male counterparts. Foy and Smith are being replaced by older performers in the next season of the show.
Advertisement
Foy was in Las Vegas promoting "The Girl in the Spider's Web," which completed filming this month. It's based on the fourth book in Stieg Larsson's popular Millennium series revolving around hacker Lisbeth Salander, previously been played in movies by Noomi Rapace and Rooney Mara.
Foy said they hadn't sought their blessing before beginning their work.
"I mean, we are all actores. We all know the game. I don't doubt for a second that those two incredible actores don't both hate me and also ... "
Director Fede Alvarez interjects that they did indeed get Rapace's blessing.
"I met them at the premiere of their last movie and we got introduced and I told them what I was doing and they really wished us good luck and they knew you were doing it," they said.
"You got them blessing? Did you? They never told me this," Foy said, laughing. "Oh, well there you go. One down! One to go."
The 34-year-old actor says they exercised intensively to play the character — and got a new hairstyle.
"I got an undercut, which is something that I never thought I would have in my life. Which is great! Then all their tattoos and just how they move and the clothes that they wear. I loved being them every day, actually. It was very liberating thing," Foy said. "Because I didn't have to worry about being attractive or being liked or any of that nonsense that women quite often have to wake up every day thinking how does the world see me? And it was really nice to wake up and just be like, like this. What you see is what you get. I quite enjoyed that."
"The Girl in the Spider's Web" is set for release in November.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 9 Jose Mourinho said Manchester United would fight for a top-four finish in the Premier League until it was "mathematically impossible" after a 3-0 victory at Sunderland on Sunday.
Goals by Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Marcus Rashford eased United to a vital three points after drawing six of their previous nine Premier League games.
They are unbeaten in their last 21 league games but Mourinho's side, who moved above Arsenal into fifth place, are still four points behind Manchester City with a game in hand.
Liverpool, in third place, are six ahead of United having played two games more.
"We want to fight in the Premier League until it is mathematically impossible. The Premier League we cannot win, but Europa League we can," Mourinho said.
"We had lots of players that were not here today and the most important thing after the three points was to have no more injuries. The result was good. We resisted the results of yesterday when Manchester City and Liverpool won."
United, who are in the quarter-finals of the Europa League, were without first-choice goalkeeper David de Gea but their deputy Sergio Romero had an easy afternoon in the Sunderland sunshine.
With a Champions League spot available for the winners of the Europa League, that is arguably their more likely route back into the elite competition and they face a quarter-final, first leg at home to Anderlecht on Thursday.
They then host Premier league leaders Chelsea next weekend.
Mourinho said Romero would play against Anderlecht.
"(De Gea) has a problem with their hip. When they dive they feel it a little bit. It's good for them to have a rest," Mourinho said. "It's good for Sergio Romero to play before Anderlecht.
"De Gea will probably be fit for Chelsea."
Sunderland manager David Moyes said their side would keep fighting, even if they look doomed.
They have equalled the second-worst run of Premier League games without a goal having not scored for seven games and are 10 points adrift of 17th-placed Hull City.
"We keep going. We have another home game next Saturday and we have to try and win it," Moyes said.
"We do some good things but just lack a bit of quality but it's not for the want of trying.
"The boys are doing everything they can." (Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
* Sustainability bonds likely to prove tough sell for yield-hungry Singapore investors
By Daniel Stanton and Kit Yin Boey
SINGAPORE, April 10 (IFR) - The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, or World Bank, is exploring a potential issue of retail bonds in Singapore to boost interest in sustainable development bonds and tap the affluent population.
In a briefing to potential investors last Tuesday, the multilateral institution said it was working with arranger DBS to find a suitable structure for a retail bond offering.
"It might not be in Singapore dollars," said George Richardson, director in the capital markets department at the World Bank treasury. "It could be in another currency. That's a discussion we are having with DBS."
The World Bank has been looking at selling Sustainable Development Goals bonds, which support the UN drive to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure prosperity for all.
Last month, it raised 163 million euros from the sale of SDG bonds of 15 and 20 years to institutional investors in France and Italy. The return on investment is directly linked to the performance of stocks in the Solactive SDG World Index, which comprises 50 companies deemed to dedicate at least one-fifth of their activities to sustainable products or to be leaders in related issues. The bonds are also capital protected.
However, the World Bank may not be able to sell such bonds to its intended target market in Singapore, as only plain vanilla structures are allowed.
"At the moment, regulations prevent retail from purchasing those," said Richardson. "Private wealth can, but 'retail retail' can't."
They said the bank was discussing with the Monetary Authority of Singapore about a potential exception for the instruments, given that the principal was protected and the issuer was such a high-quality institution. The World Bank has previously sold retail bonds in markets like Japan and Italy, and part of the objective of such an issue in Singapore is to develop the local bond market. YIELD FOCUS The World Bank provided $181 million of funding to Singapore in 1963-75, according to a presentation, helping to develop institutions like the National University of Singapore and the bank that became DBS, but the city state has long since turned lender.
While welcoming this initiative to deepen Singapore's retail bond market, debt bankers believe a retail bond may not be feasible.
“It is simple: Singapore investors want yields,” said one syndicate banker. “A World Bank bond will pay a very low yield, probably lower than deposit rates.”
High-net-worth investors are likely to snub the potential issue as well.
“For me personally, I would not be interested as I want yields,” said one investor.
The Triple A rated supranational agency has previously sold bonds in Singapore dollars to institutional investors. In its most recent issue, in August 2014, it sold S$500 million ($357 million) of five-year bonds at 1.473 percent, below the Singapore dollar swap offer rate, and a new issue would be expected to come in line with, or even inside, Singapore government bonds.
That could make it hard to attract Singapore's retail investors, who have largely turned up their noses at the yields on offer from Singapore Savings Bonds, which are government securities targeted at them. Despite low transaction fees of S$2 for subscription and redemption, and the option to cash out every month with no penalty, undersubscription has been chronic.
The first bond in October 2015 targeted up to S$1.2 billion, but attracted orders of only S$413.2 million. While the government aimed to raise up to S$4 billion from SSBs in 2015, it only managed S$711.5 million.
The April 2017 issue attracted eligible orders of S$70.8 million, from a maximum available S$150 million size. This month's bond offers an average annual return of 2.32 percent over 10 years, based on the Singapore Government Securities rate.
Retail bonds from high-yield issuers like Hyflux and Oxley Holdings, paying 5 percent or higher, have been more popular.
Singapore's year-on-year core inflation rate was 1.2 percent in February. This compares to rates of up to 3.5 percent citizens and permanent residents can currently earn on their Central Provident Fund accounts, the country's social security savings plan, although there are many restrictions on withdrawals. (Reporting by Daniel Stanton and Kit Yin Boey; Editing by Vincent Baby and Steve Garton)
TORONTO — A "Back to the Future" reunion is set for this year's Fan Expo Canada.
Organizers say previously announced guest Michael J. Fox will now be joined by fellow "Back to the Future" stars Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson.
Edmonton-born Fox starred in the "Back to the Future" franchise as time-travelling teen Marty McFly.
Fan Expo Canada will run Aug. 30 to Sept. 2 at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
Bound Screenshot
Contact
Sara Campbell
***@saracampbellconsulting.com Sara Campbell
End
-- Today Bound is announcing the soft launch of its app in the U.S. and Canada debuting exclusive content based on the new novel "The Rise and Fall of D.O.D.O." by Neal Stephenson and Nicole Galland, named one of the "20 Books to Read this Summer" by Entertainment Weekly. Bound is a new app that combines serialized prose, art and audio with community features from the best storytellers in "geek genres" like sci-fi, fantasy and thrillers.Bound and Harper Collins have made "The D.O.D.O. Files," an original, ongoing episodic series set in the world of "The Rise and Fall of D.O.D.O.," available for free in the Bound app. "The D.O.D.O. Files" chronicles the story of a disgruntled Diachronic Counter-Intelligence (DCOIN) agent looking to make a quick buck by exposing the secret world of Diachronic Operatives (DOers) and their mission to travel back in time to restore magic in the world, one classified document at a time. The first two episodes are available now, and new content and updates will be released on a weekly basis going forward.Bound gives genre fans an immersive new way to experience and interact with stories from professional creators and beloved franchises. In Bound, fans can explore companion material to discover more about the story, the characters and the world in which featured series are set. Fans can also interact with other readers and creators alike without leaving the app."We created Bound because as mobile games industry veterans, we saw that there remains a huge opportunity for fiction writers to provide a reading experience that suits the lifestyle and preferences of the mobile generation,"said Matthew Hannus, co-founder and CEO of Bound. "Bound provides an interactive experience for fans that grows over time, and offers creators a way to strengthen their relationships to their readers."Throughout their impressive, 30+-year writing career (Seveneves, Reamde, Anathem, Cryptonomicon, Snow Crash, and more!), Neal Stephenson has proven to not only possess one of the boldest imaginations in contemporary fiction, but also the unique ability to illuminate the vital intersection of science, technology and sociology. Written with that same genius, complexity, and innovation that characterize all of Stephenson's work and steeped with the down-to-earth warmth, humor and historical detail of Nicole Galland's storytelling style, "The Rise and Fall of D.O.D.O." is an exciting and vividly realized work of science fiction will make you believe in the impossible, and take you to places—and times—beyond imagining.Bound has also announced agreements with acclaimed creators including the Industrial Toys spin-off Gunslinger Studios, best-selling thriller author Eliot Peper, former Pixar and Telltale Games creative Stephan Bugaj and award-winning game writer Matt Entin. Bound will be announcing new relationships in the coming months.Bound is available to download for free in the App Store ( https://appsto.re/ us/sXYbjb.i ) in the U.S. and Canada.About BoundBound gives time-constrained fans an immersive new way to experience and interact with stories in a compelling mobile format. Founded in 2015 by game industry veterans, the company is an angel-backed startup based in Laguna Beach, Calif. Learn more at http://www.getbound.io
Nike Popoola The National Pension Commission has said any infrastructure project where funds from the Contributory Pension Scheme will be invested must satisfy its stipulated criteria. This was stated by the Head, Investment Supervision Department, PenCom, Ehimeme Ohioma, during their presentation on, “Pension funds for economic development: Investing pension funds in infrastructure.” They specifically said, […]
The post PenCom sets criteria for investing pension funds in infrastructure appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK — Mother Nature is again putting on a show at California's Yosemite National Park, where every February the setting sun draws a narrow sliver of light on a waterfall to make it glow like a cascade of molten lava.
The phenomenon known as “firefall” draws scores of photographers to a spot near Horsetail Fall, which flows off the east side of the famed rock formation El Capitan.
Capturing the sight is a challenge. Horsetail Fall only flows in the winter or spring, when there is enough rain and snow. The sun lights up the fall for only about two minutes at dusk for a few days in February.
Some photographers have had success this year as pictures of the glowing falls are showing up on social media.
(Repeats story with no changes to text)
* Toshiba aims to file results with no more extensions
* Move seeks to avoid potential delisting
* Auditors probing earlier results for Westinghouse
By Taro Fuse and Kentaro Hamada
TOKYO, April 11 Toshiba Corp aims to file its twice-delayed business results on Tuesday, even if its auditors don't fully sign off on the numbers, two people familiar with the matter said, as the Japanese conglomerate seeks to avoid a potential delisting from the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Toshiba has failed to file audited earnings for the three months through December with the authorities, as the accountants question the numbers at the company's U.S. nuclear subsidiary Westinghouse Electric Co, where massive cost overruns have pushed the Japanese parent company to the brink.
A third deadline looms, but auditor PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Aarata LLC is questioning not only recent results but also probing the books at Westinghouse for the business year through March 2016, said the sources, one with direct knowledge of the matter and one who was briefed on it.
Toshiba and PwC media representatives could not be reached for comment outside business hours.
Westinghouse filed for U.S. bankruptcy protection from creditors two weeks ago, hit by billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the Southeastern United States.
Toshiba, a laptops-to-construction behemoth, has said it expects a $9 billion net loss for the business year ended March 2017 due to writedowns at Westinghouse. It is trying to sell most or all of a prized unit that is the world's second-biggest producer of NAND semiconductor chips.
Even if the company can't get a full sign-off from PwC, it will file the results and hope the Kanto Local Finance Bureau will accept them as they are, the sources told Reuters. If the authorities reject the filing, Toshiba will have eight days to refile or be stripped of its Tokyo Stock Exchange listing.
"There are various possibilities," said the person with direct knowledge of the situation. "It's possible (the auditors) could say the results are appropriate, give limited approval or reserve their opinion."
Toshiba might get some sympathy from the authorities, as the Financial Services Agency (FSA), which oversees the regional finance bureaus, is becoming frustrated with PwC's probes of results checked by Toshiba's previous auditor, Ernst & Young (EY) ShinNihon LLC.
"If Toshiba were restating past year's earnings, that would be one thing, but Aarata doesn't have the authority to reject EY's audit of past years," a senior FSA official said.
"What do investors want to know? Are they interested in past profit-and-loss statements?" they said. "What they're concerned about is the current balance sheet."
Kanto Local Finance Bureau officials could not be reached for comment outside office hours. (Reporting by Taro Fuse and Kentaro Hamada; Additional reporting by Takahiko Wada; Editing by William Mallard and Mark Potter)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A raft of new legislation could soon come into effect in a bid to help protect holidaymakers.
Brits looking to travel abroad may book trips online - but they are now set to get new protections to ensure they aren't left out of pocket if their travel provider goes bust.
The new Package Travel Regulations are being proposed in Parliament this week, according to the Mirror.
The aim is to further protect consumers who book 'package' breaks online - but in separate parts.
The rules will come into force next July and would mean all travellers who book on the internet would get the same financial security as those who book an all-in break on the high street.
The Government estimates that this would cover an extra 10 million travellers a year - many of whom aren't currently covered by travel protection scheme ATOL.
The proposals come just months after an ABTA Holiday Habits report found more than three quarters of UK consumers now book their holidays online and in segments rather than one complete package.
The government says the new rules will mean passengers who book flights, hotels or car hires outside of package holidays, will also be covered by its protection scheme, ATOL.
This is the Air Travel Organisers' Licence - a consumer protection body set up in 1973, for all package holidays that include a flight.
It ensures that you don't lose the money you paid out or become stranded abroad if your travel company collapses.
Under ATOL, all companies selling package holidays which include an airline ticket must pay into a pot that can refund people who lose their holidays or, if needs be, bring them home if they are abroad when a company folds.
The rules would mean that an extra 22% of holidaymakers would get their money back if something goes wrong.
This includes where third party firms are involved for ‘extras' such as car hires and transfers.
Launching a six-week consultation on the proposals, consumer minister Margot James said: "While consumer laws protect millions of holidaymakers from the fallout if a travel company goes into administration, the way we book holidays has changed significantly in recent years and it is important that regulations are updated to reflect this."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Alex Neill, of Which? added: "Holidaymakers should be able to book their trips without worrying about whether they will be protected if their travel agent, airline, or hotel goes bust.
"The Government must make sure gaps in protection are addressed so that consumers have peace of mind however they book their package holiday."
March 28 Net Marketing Co Ltd:
* Says its stock will begin trading on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) JASDAQ on March 31, 2017, under the symbol "6175"
* In its initial public offering, the company will offer a total of 960,000 common shares, comprised of newly issued 280,000 shares and privately held 680,000 shares
* Says the nominal offering price as of filing date of Registration Statement is 1,010 yen per share with total offering amount will be 969.6 million yen, and the fixed offering price will be announced at later date
* SBI Securities Co Ltd will be the underwriters for this offer
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/BrCnT9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Marvel Studios has built a movie empire that has not only proved crowd-pleasing, but has also racked up box-office profits to the tune of nearly $15 billion in the 10 years since "Iron Man" was released.
The 2008 film starring Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man proved that superheroes not named Spider-Man, Superman and Batman could find massive audiences. "Avengers: Infinity War," the 19th film in the Marvel Studios universe arrives Friday, and may break box-office records in its opening weekend. The third Avengers film assembles characters and story lines developed over the years, including Captain America, Thor, the Guardians of the Galaxy and this year's sensation, the Black Panther.
The following is a look at how Marvel has built its cinematic version of the Hulk, with the film's title, release date, domestic gross and total worldwide box office, as compiled by comScore:
___
Advertisement
"Iron Man," May 2008, $318.6 million, $582 million
"The Incredible Hulk," June 2008, $134.8 million, $263.3 million
"Iron Man 2," May 2010, $312.4 million, $623.7 million
"Thor," May 2010, $181 million, $448.7 million
"Captain America: The First Avenger," July 2011, $176.7 million, $371 million
"Marvel's The Avengers," May 2012, $623.4 million, $1.52 billion
"Iron Man 3," May 2013, $409 million, $1.2 billion
"Thor: The Dark World," November 2013, $206.4 million, $645 million
"Captain America: The Winter Soldier," April 2014, $260 million, $714.3 million
"Guardians of the Galaxy," August 2014, $333.2 million, $773.3 million
"Avengers: Age of Ultron," May 2015, $459 million, $1.4 billion
"Ant-Man," July 2015, $180.2 million, $519.3 million
"Captain America: Civil War," May 2016, $408.1 million, $1.15 billion
"Doctor Strange," May 2016, $232.6 million, $677.6 million
"Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2," May 2017, $390 million, $863.6 million
"Spider-Man: Homecoming," July 2017, $334.2 million, $880.2 million
"Thor: Ragnorak," November 2017, $314 million, $852.7 million
"Black Panther," February 2018, $681.4 million, $1.4 billion
___
Source: comScore
A Congolese national who was charged with unlawful entry into Zambia has been acquitted by the Chipata Magistrate Court.
This was in a matter where John Chichi from DR Congo was charged with unlawful entry into Zambia.
Facts of the matter are that on January 6th 2018, police had detained the Congolese national, who had no entry documents or documents that allowed them to stay in Zambia.
Resident Magistrate Boniface Mwala who acquitted Chichi said the matter was brought before the court in a premature manner that lacked enough evidence.
LISBON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Portugal's Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation is in talks to sell its fully-owned oil and gas business Partex, which has stakes in oilfields from Oman to Brazil, the foundation said on Friday.
The private philanthropic entity, which finances arts, education and science, said in a statement it had been approached by various potential buyers over the past years and lately received an acquisition offer from an unnamed company.
“The Foundation ... is at this moment in the process of negotiating with the interested group. After an analysis of all the conditions, a decision will be taken in the defense of the best interests of the Foundation,” it said.
Local media said private conglomerate CEFC China Energy, which last year bought the insurance business of small Portuguese bank Montepio, is the potential buyer and the deal could be worth around 500 million euros.
Noone was immediately available for comment at the company's Shanghai headquarters.
The latest available Partex financial data for 2016 put its oil and gas properties at $472 million and total assets at $720 million, with oil and gas revenues at $252 million on an output of 6.4 million barrels of oil equivalent for the year, the bulk of it coming from Oman.
Partex was founded in 1938 by Portugal-based oil magnate of Armenian origin, Calouste Gulbenkian, who later left the company to the foundation started at their bequest. (Reporting By Andrei Khalip, editing by David Evans)
ny people rely on convenience foods. I find it troubling.” The series' accompanying book, Eat Well For Less – Family Feasts On A Budget, written by Jo Scarratt-Jones, sets out to combat that reliance.
We all do it, plump for the shop-bought baguette rather than the home-stuffed pitta, put the ‘on-offer' big name choccie biscuits in the trolley, even though the own-brand ones taste identical and are still a quid less than the ones on sale.
But instead of sweeping an aisle's worth of BOGOF deals and ready meals into your basket, there is another way.
Gregg Wallace and Chris Bavin are back with a fourth instalment of Eat Well For Less?, the BBC One series in which the duo - both foodies and long-time greengrocers - meet with families struggling to manage their food bills.
The plan is simple: To improve people's nutritional knowledge and discover how shopping habits affect what we eat and how much it costs.
“Originally it was supposed to be looking at the difference in price between food stuffs. So we started with fish and chips, and why they should be £10 in a chippy and £30 in a restaurant. That fascinated me,” says Wallace, 52, explaining why they first got involved with the show. “The biggest thing I've learnt is what a huge cookery skill shortage there is across the UK, and how ma
Packed with practical meal planning ideas and tips, it features cut-out-and-keep shopping lists and menu plans, as well as conversion charts and details on how long to store stuff in the fridge and freezer for before it goes mushy or mouldy.
Then there are the recipes, all designed to be wallet-friendly staples that, when it comes to the final scraps and leftovers, families will (lovingly) fight over.
For MasterChef judge Wallace growing up, their favourite family meal was “always Sunday roast at my grandmother's. My grandmother was by far the best cook in the family”, while Bavin's top childhood meals have continued into adulthood. “When I was growing up, we had several meals on rotation and my favourite meals were sausage and mash and spaghetti Bolognese – still both firm favourites,” they share.
Their main aim though is to extinguish the belief, understandably held by lots of people who have too little time and too many mouths to feed, that cooking is just another chore – “like ironing or hoovering,” notes Wallace, “and not in any way fun or something that could bring the whole family together.
“I want [people], more than anything, to realise that good, nutritious and tasty food doesn't have to take time or cost a lot of money.”
Delicious.magazine tips:
Spatchcocking a bird ensures even cooking in less time than cooking it in the usual way. It creates a greater surface area for marinades to soak in and a bigger area to crisp up.
1. With good kitchen scissors, snip off the wing tips and leg knuckles at the joint.
2. Turn the chicken breast-down and, starting at the parson's nose (the arrowhead-shaped tail-end), cut along the backbone to the neck on one side. Repeat down the other side, then remove the backbone.
3. Turn the chicken over and, with the heel of your hand, press down firmly on the centre. You'll hear the wishbone snap and the chicken will flatten out.
4. If you need to, point the thighs inwards (so the chicken is doing a Charleston), then roast at 200°C/180°C fan/gas 6 for about 45 minutes or until the juices run clear when you pierce the thickest part of the thigh with a skewer
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
A woman from Gretton fraudulently claimed more than £35,000 in benefits after claiming they were a single person.
Angela Thorndick, 52, of Hatton Lane, received benefits as a single person despite evidence showing they had been living with their partner since February 2011.
They also failed to declare that they got married in June 2014.
Because of the false claim, they were overpaid a widowed parents allowance of £19,153.30 and tax credits of £16,009.96 over a period of three years and four months.
These benefits were paid on the basis that they had declared their true circumstances at the time of making their claim and would notify the Department for Work and Pensions and Them Majesty's Revenues & Customs of any changes in their circumstances.
The changes they failed to declare would have affected the amount of benefit in payment or their entitlement to benefit.
Thorndick pleaded guilty to the offences facing them at Northampton Magistrates' Court.
They were fined £500 and given a 12-month community order.
They have repaid the benefits overpaid in full.
WSDOT Release
NCW Region
OKANOGAN – State Highway 20 remains closed from four miles west of Loup Loup summit to six miles east at Rock Creek between Twisp and Okanogan, according to the Washington State Department of Transportation.
“We've hired a contractor and repair work is beginning today. ETA is still a guess, but it will be weeks, not days,” says the WSDOT in a press release Friday afternoon.
A decorated Kiwi soldier killed in a chopper crash yesterday, while they were fighting the Port Hills fires in Christchurch, will go to their grave with an outstanding and accomplished track record.
Among Corporal David Steven Askin's most celebrated missions was an incident in Afghanistan, in 2011, where they were wounded by grenade and rifle fire at the Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul.
For more on this story, watch 1 NEWS at 6pm. Source: 1 NEWS
Despite their injuries they bravely carried on with their mission and rescued guests from the hotel, as fire broke out.
They were also cited on several other occasions for exceptional bravery during operations in Afghanistan.
In 2014, they were awarded the New Zealand Gallantry Star, New Zealand's second highest gallantry award, for acts of outstanding gallantry in situations of danger.
The Chief of Army, Major General Peter Kelly, praised Corporal Askin's selflessness saying they put themselves in the line of fire, and put the objectives of the mission before their personal wellbeing.
"Our thoughts are with their family, friends and comrades at this time," Major General Kelly said.
"He was an outstanding soldier who served their country with bravery and commitment - the same bravery and commitment they showed in helping their community fight these fires.
"His performance was of the highest order and was in keeping with the finest traditions of New Zealand's military record."
They put themselves in the line of fire, and put the objectives of the mission before their personal wellbeing.
BRUSSELS, April 12 The European Union's executive warned Hungary on Wednesday it risked being sued in court over a number of policies by Prime Minister Viktor Orban that include changes to higher education, non-governmental groups and asylum rules.
"We will review all these issues closely in the April infringement cycle," the Commission's First Vice President Frans Timmermans told a news conference on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska and Robert-Jan Bartunek)
April 12 Argen X BV:
* Argenx launches phase II study of ARGX-110 as a monotherapy in relapsed/refractory CTCL patients
* Phase II clinical trial will enroll up to 10 additional relapsed/refractory CTCL patients
* Primary endpoints of trial are safety and efficacy and secondary endpoints include pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity.
* Interim data are expected by end of 2017
* Expect to report topline data in second half of 2018.
* Phase II clinical trial will be conducted at multiple centers in Europe Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Matthew Braun, Michael Creamer and Rebeca Gonzalez (left to right) are accused of defrauding South Florida retirees out of more than $400,000 by investing their money into a phony fish farm.
PEMBROKE PARK, Fla. - A South Florida woman and two other men are accused of duping elderly retirees into investing thousands of dollars into a phony fish farm.
Matthew Braun, Michael Creamer and Rebeca Gonzalez face charges of organized scheme to defraud, sale of unregistered securities, sale of securities by an unregistered person and securities fraud.
Braun, 36, and Gonzalez, 43, both of Boca Raton, were arrested in Palm Beach County late last month. Creamer, 48, of Largo, was arrested Monday. All three have since been released from jail on bond.
According to a news release from the Office of Statewide Prosecution, the trio preyed upon seniors in Broward, Palm Beach and St. Lucie counties, deceiving at least five people into investing more than $400,000 in a fake fish farm called Blue Ocean Farm.
"These defendants are charged with targeting seniors and trying to steal their hard-earned retirement money with false promises of big profits," Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said in a statement. "Anyone who tries to defraud Florida seniors deserves to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law."
According to an arrest affidavit, Gonzalez and Braun contacted Carmine Della Rocca, 84, of Tamarac, in 2013 and solicited two investment checks totaling $110,000.
Della Rocca, believing that Gonzalez was working for a licensed securities investment firm, promised to invest $100,000 into Blue Ocean Farm and later gave an additional $10,000 in exchange for a higher interest rate on their principal.
Della Rocca told investigators that Gonzalez told them their investment "would yield a guaranteed return." But Della Rocca never received any repayment of the principal or interest returns on their investment.
Investigators said they determined Braun, Creamer and Gonzalez defrauded investors using false promissory notes like the one signed by Della Rocca.
"Furthermore, your affiants have found no evidence that Blue Ocean Farm LLC actually owns and operates fish farms or is even a legitimate business," the affidavit said.
Instead, investigators said, Blue Ocean Farm was a "shell corporation created for the sole purpose of defrauding potential investors/victims."
In addition to Della Rocca, the suspects are also alleged to have duped a 70-year-old man in Lake Worth, an 84-year-old woman in Boynton Beach, an 84-year-old woman in Boca Raton and a Sunrise woman whose family was suing Blue Ocean Farm for investments made before their death in 2015.
Braun, Creamer and Gonzalez face up to 70 years in prison if convicted.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Mark Hamill has one gripe when it comes to the latest series of Star Wars movies.
The man who plays Luke Skywalker told Metro.co.uk that he's disappointed Disney weren't too interested in George Lucas' ideas for the sequel trilogy.
Lucas, who created Star Wars, sold Lucasfilm and the rights to their beloved franchise to Disney in 2012 as part of a US $4.05 billion deals.
"What I wish is that they had been more accepting of their guidance and advice," Hamill told Metro. "Because they had an outline for '7,' '8,' and '9'. And it is vastly different to what they have done."
Advertisement
Hamill added: "But then again, I don't want to be an old stick in the mud."
"There were the originals. There are the prequels. But that's all George. And now we have the next generation. And as far as I can see they are more popular than ever."
Still, you can't help but wonder what Lucas had in mind for the films. In a 2015 interview with Charlie Rose, the legendary filmmaker said they presented their ideas to Disney but they weren't interested.
"They looked at the stories, and they said, 'We want to make something for the fans'," Lucas said at the time. "They decided they didn't want to use those stories, they decided they were going to do their own thing.
"They weren't that keen to have me involved anyway — but if I get in there, I'm just going to cause trouble, because they're not going to do what I want them to do. And I don't have the control to do that anymore, and all I would do is muck everything up. And so I said, 'OK, I will go my way, and I'll let them go their way.'"
Since buying the rights, Disney has made Rogue One: A Star Wars Story which made more than $1.4 billion worldwide last year, as well as the soon-to-be released Star Wars: The Last Jedi which is tipped to the highest grossing movie of 2017.
There's a moment in LAST JEDI so ridiculously satisfying that I want to drag everyone I know to the theater this weekend just so I can watch them experience it.
(You will know which one, trust me.) — Mike D'Angelo (@gemko) December 11, 2017
The latest movie was screened to a select crowd in Los Angeles on the weekend and the reviews were glowing.
Jen Yamato from the LA Times tweeted: "The Last Jedi is so beautifully human, populist, funny, and surprising. I cried when one POC hero got their moment because films like these leave their mark on entire generations — and representation matters."
Terri Schwartz from IGN wrote: "There's a scene in #StarWars #TheLastJedi that I keep playing over and over in my head, that is so stunning and unexpected that I don't want to forget how I felt seeing it for the first time. This movie feels unlike any other Star Wars movie in all the ways I hoped."
And Erik Davis from Fandango tweeted the The Last Jedi "is absolutely fantastic — gripping, touching, funny and powerful w/ gorgeous shots and the most badass battles. When it gets going, holy crap does it get going. Hands down the best #StarWars movie since Empire."
Star Wars: The Last Jedi will hit NZ cinemas on December 14.
SHANGHAI May 3 China's main stock indexes extended losses on Wednesday, with investors cautious on lingering worries about the country's tougher regulations and a shift toward tighter policy.
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.4 percent, to 3,413.13, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.3 percent to 3,135.35 points.
The SSEC is up 1.0 percent year-to-date, but has lost 4.7 percent from its 15-month high hit in mid-April, when concerns about tighter policy and the broader economic outlook triggered a selloff.
China's central bank injected 506.39 billion yuan ($73.46 billion) into the financial system via short- and medium-term liquidity tools in April, down 18 percent from the previous month, signalling its intent to curb rapid credit growth.
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) said on Wednesday it had injected 200 billion yuan into money markets through open market operations, but made no mention of maturing medium-term lending facility (MLF) loans.
After years of super-loose policy, the PBOC has cautiously shifted to a modest tightening bias in recent months and regulators have stepped up a crackdown on riskier forms of financing as authorities try to contain financial risks from years of debt-fuelled stimulus.
Zhang Qi, an analyst with Haitong Securities said that tight liquidity could curb demand for equities, although they noted that the risks of a sharp downturn in the benchmark Shanghai Composite index were small.
Most sectors lost ground on the day, led by infrastructure and real estate stocks, and not helped by news that the Beijing branches of some major Chinese banks have raised interest rates on housing loans for first- and second-home buyers - the latest of several steps by authorities to check overheated property investment.
China's Pangda Automobile Trade tumbled 9.9 percent on suspected violations of securities laws and regulations. ($1 = 6.8931 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Eric Meijer)
ROAD SAFETY: The Community Road Safety Grants are valued up to $20,000 for short-term, small-scale road safety projects.
BUNDABERG community-based groups and schools are urged to apply for grants to improve road safety.
Road Safety Minister Mark Bailey said Community Road Safety Grants Program were valued up to $20,000 for short-term, small-scale road safety projects.
"These grants provide an opportunity for local groups to address local issues and make a real difference to the safety of pedestrians and road users,” Mr Bailey said.
Click here for more information .
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media, or on behalf of our advertising partners, on what we feel are important offers, developments, publications, and events in the streaming/online video industry.
Read all about it - You can't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news!
Publishers Learn NewFronts Equation: Content + Scale = Impossible
Who won the NewFronts this year? Twitter won. Not by producing great video, but by distributing video for many of the biggest publishers online.
Page 1
As I write this, NewFront week 2018 has come to a close. The web's biggest publishers have concluded their yearly presentations for the advertising community. It's a week of hyperbole, where the dividing line between business presentation and pep rally is regularly blurred.
I've been covering these events for years, and I remember the early events fondly. Back then, publishers trotted out the biggest Hollywood stars who would work with them, as if A-list magic alone would shake money out of advertisers.
A lot of those projects never got made, and others never found an audience. That's why the strategy shifted to using online celebrities and focusing on useful content rather than entertainment. That's pretty much where we still are. Advertisers love the shift, since they want their name on useful videos.
While publishers have gotten a better handle on content, they still fail on distribution. Even the biggest publishers have to admit they can't get a big enough audience on their own to satisfy national advertisers who want targeted advertising at scale (i.e., reaching extremely specific shoppers, and reaching a lot of them).
That's why the big winner this newfront season was Twitter. Twitter doesn't create video, and you've probably never watched more than a few video clips on it. But Twitter has a monthly active user base of over 260 million (according to Statista). This year, publishers decided they need to be there.
At its newfront, Twitter announced it signed more than 30 agreements with premium publishers. The biggest was with NBCUniversal, which will bring live video and clips from NBC, NBC News, MSNBC, CNBC, Telemundo, Today, and E! News to the platform. Twitter also announced deals with Ellen Digital, Hearst, Live Nation, and Viacom. ESPN is bringing a SportsCenter spinoff—SportsCenter Live—to the platform.
Even the biggest names in broadcast and cable need Twitter to pull in viewers. I wouldn't make a habit of returning to a site to check for a new episode of a show, but if that show regularly appeared in my Twitter feed, I would see it more often.
There's another reason publishers are turning to Twitter, and that's discoverability. Hunter Holbrook, a media planner for ad agency Mekanism, says the move is all about attracting new viewers who wouldn't normally visit those platforms.
“I think it's true some publishers need social platforms in order to scale, but I think both big and niche publishers are realizing people want to consume content from influencers and the scale of social allows for more opportunities for people to discover their content,” Holbrook says. “The earned media potential is much higher for niche publishers who extend to social channels, as a few shares can mean they reach people who might not otherwise navigate to their sites at a really efficient cost.”
This year, publishers know consumers have a lot of viewing options open to them, Holbrook says, so providing a positive experience is key. “People will continue to use a platform that's authentic, non-invasive, and caters to how and when they want to consume content. With so many streaming platforms and channels to choose from, publishers understand they have to adapt to what people want, and find a balance between providing both content and a lighter ad experience in order to solidify that platform loyalty.”
As a video destination, Twitter has bugs to work out. For one thing, there's no way to sign up for a video series in your feed. I can follow ESPN, but what if I only want SportsCenter Live? There's no way to get notified when it's streaming. And the platform lacks a landing page that tells you what shows are on and when. Finding out when a favorite team is playing is more work than it should be. A Twitter spokesperson tells me a live-event landing page is coming soon.
Twitter is making a video push, and a lot of big names are relying on it, but the only way to know if it's successful is to wait until next year's newfronts and see where the announcements land. If these moves don't work, publishers will have to pivot their thinking and try something else. They've done it many times before.
[This article appears in the July/August 2018 issue of Streaming Media magazine as "Content + Scale = Impossible."]
Page 1
Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda and their husband Nik Wallenda describe Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, at a news conference Wed., June 14, 2017 at the Seneca Niagara Casino in Niagara Falls, N.Y. The stunt is planned for Thursday, June 15, the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised 1,800-foot tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada. (AP Photo/Carolyn Thompson)
Related View Larger Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda smiles as they and their daredevil husband Nik Wallenda describe Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, at a news conference Wed., June 14, 2017 at the Seneca Niagara Casino in Niagara Falls, N.Y. The stunt is planned for Thursday, June 15, the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised 1,800-foot tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada. View Larger Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda and their husband Nik Wallenda attend a a news conference where they described Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, Wed., June 14, 2017 at the Seneca Niagara Casino in Niagara Falls, N.Y. The stunt is planned for Thursday, June 15, the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised 1,800-foot tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada.
The Associated Press
MEXICO CITY Mexico's banking regulator on Wednesday confirmed that a thorough audit of InvestaBank found no evidence of money laundering by one of its largest shareholders, clearing the path for the lender to buy Deutsche Bank's Mexican operations.
InvestaBank's chief executive, Enrique Vilatela, had said in an interview last week the regulator had given InvestaBank a clean bill of health, and that the bank would look to resume the acquisition of Deutsche Bank's (DBKGn.DE) banking and securities businesses.
"We're going put our request to the authorities before the end of March," Vilatela said, adding that InvestaBank would pay roughly $150 million for the businesses.
InvestaBank halted the deal, announced at the end of October, after Carlos Djemal, a 25 percent stakeholder, was arrested in the United States and accused of laundering more than $100 million.
Edgar Bonilla, vice president of legal affairs for the National Banking and Securities Commission (CNBV), said in an interview that during the inspection of the bank, the regulator found smaller violations that resulted in fines of $1.3 million.
"I want to be very clear, the bank was not used to launder money for any company connected to Carlos Djemal, nor for Carlos Djemal himself, nor for any other company that has an open account at the bank," Bonilla said.
Bonilla added that the CNBV was still keeping a close watch on the bank since its levels of liquidity were still short of the regulatory minimum.
"We'll continue monitoring them until they fix that issue," they said.
Vilatela said a group of investors acquired Djemal's shares and that the institution received 360 million pesos ($19 million) in fresh capital from new and current investors, and expected to have $120 million in capital within the next few months.
InvestaBank was created in 2014 when Investa acquired the local operations of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS). The bank currently has 0.05 percent of the total revenues in the Mexican banking system.
(Reporting by Noe Torres in Mexico City; Written by Dan Freed; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
AMSTERDAM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dutch gas producer NAM on Friday said it had halted all production at the Loppersum site at the Groningen field.
Economy minister Eric Wiebes instructed NAM on Thursday to halt production at the five production points which form the Loppersum site to limit seismic risks in the region. (Reporting by Bart Meijer; editing by Jason Neely)
A month after winning the Cheltenham Gold Cup, Jessica Harrington landed their first BoyleSports Irish Grand National when the 9-2 favourite Our Duke routed their Easter Monday opposition at Fairyhouse.
“The Gold Cup and an Irish National are all firsts for me,” laughed the trainer. “It's not bad for a 70-year-old.”
Just as they did on Sizing John at Cheltenham, jockey Robbie Power did the steering on board Our Duke who won the richest jumps race ever run in Ireland in spectacular style by 14 lengths.
Last year's runner-up Bless The Wings again had to settle for second while Abolitionist, ridden by Rachel Blackmore, finished third.
Emerged on top
The colours of Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary were carried by 13 of the 28 National runners but it was Co Laois-based brothers Billy and Sloan Cooper who emerged on top in the €500,000 race.
“The owners also bred him, turned a lot of money down for him, and they're fantastic,” said Harrington.
“It's unbelievable and I can hardly believe it myself. He's a novice, having just their fourth run over fences, but it went like copybook the whole way. Robert was convinced they would stay and my worry was the ground, but they absolutely loved it,” added the Moone, Co Kildare-based trainer.
Home gallops
The winning prizes were presented to connections by Taoiseach Enda Kenny.
However, no one appeared happier with the success than the RTÉ presenter Tracy Piggott, daughter of the legendary jockey Lester Piggott, who has ridden Our Duke in their home gallops for the last three years.
“For all the winning days my father had, I think this is my best-ever day in racing,” they said.
Afterwards, Our Duke was cut to 10-1 by some bookmakers for next year's Cheltenham Gold Cup.
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
MOSCOW May 2 Inflation expectations among Russian households fell somewhat in April, and their decline was one of the reasons for last month's rate cut, the Russian central bank said on Tuesday.
The central bank also noted in a regular report that monetary policy remained moderately tight so that inflation expectations fall further. (Reporting by Alexander Winning and Elena Fabrichnaya; editing by Vladimir Soldatkin)
United States 24-04-2018. My Online Fashion Store is the local, trusted and experienced moving company provides highly feasible drop-shipping services. It is the wholesaler of fashion clothing, accessories, footwear and provides these products at very lowest price. People who want to start drop-ship business but don't want to spend too much on purchasing products and also don't need to keep stock of this inventory. You can easily enjoy profits without spending a single penny on your new business.
If you want to open drop-ship business and looking for the local, trusted and reputed drop-shipping service provider then rely upon My Online Fashion Store. It has the finest selection available in the fashionable clothes ideal to meet your distinct needs. It is providing quality clothes, accessories and other fashion items to start a fashion store online.
Here at My Online Fashion Store, you will be served by the fully trained and professional team in the most effective way. You will be able to access huge inventory of clothes, accessories and footwear or can grow your online store in the most effective way. You don't need to purchase the products you want to sell as your dropshipper will make everything available for you. You can access the inventory or can display it on your website or online portal with the price tag of your choice to attract customers. If you receive any order then the order will be processed by your dropshipper with great care on your behalf.
You don't need to bother for shipping, return, exchange or other things as dropshippers will handle everything for your customers as well. If you are looking for the shopify drop-shipping services in the USA then My Online Fashion Store is the name you can trust.
For questions or detail on drop-ship business you can visit at:
https://www.myonlinefashionstore.com/pages/step-by-step-guide
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
France Under-20s 34 Ireland Under-20s 24
Ireland's second half comeback came up short but there was much to admire in the way Noel McNamara's team clawed their way back from a 22-3 interval deficit to be trailing by just three points, 27-24, before French replacement Demba's late converted try. The visitors did have the chance to nick a bonus point but Harry Byrne's late penalty drifted narrowly wide.
Superbly led by captain Tommy O'Brien, Ireland will rue some brittle defence and a heavy penalty count against them that undermined their ambition, but there was enough in aspects of the performance to suggest that this young team can make significant progress in the tournament.
Ireland's defence alignment, even allowing for the obvious disconnect associated with a scratch side, resembled the teeth of a saw, jagged and with more doglegs than Crufts. It was ruthlessly circumvented on three occasions in the opening 40-minutes as the visitors got also got a little narrow and the communication that comes with familiarity was absent.
France got their scores a little too easily although there was so much to admire in the running skills of outhalf Romain Ntamack, whose kicking from the tee, re-starts, grubbers and punting was also highly accomplished, chipping in with 17 points in the first half; their father and former French senior international, Emile, watched from the stands would have approved.
Ireland work a rolling maul in their defeat to France. Photograph: Bryan Keane/Inpho
Arthur Colville provided a quicksilver service to their halfback partner while the French pack dominated the collisions and also mauled powerfully. An example of their confidence was turning down a penalty under the Irish posts to kick to the corner, justified when flanker Cameron Woki crashed over from a cleverly worked front peel at the lineout.
There were some excellent individual efforts - Johnny Stewart kicked well - notably captain, Tommy O'Brien and their centre partner Dave McCarthy, number eight Jack O'Sullivan, flanker Matthew Dalton and hooker Ronan Kelleher but Ireland's passing was shoddy, hitting inside shoulders, some of the offloads were poorly conceived while indiscipline - they conceded six penalties - gave France the field position they craved.
Brennan
The only setback initially for the home side was losing tighthead prop Daniel Brennan to an arm injury, a couple of minutes after they sustained the damage and then conceded a penalty at a scrum which Irish outhalf Harry Byrne kicked from 23-metres. The son of former Irish international Trevor returned for the second half.
Ireland survived 10 minutes of pressure after the restart and then scored a cleverly worked try, Jack Aungier made a break in midfield, Byrne saw the defence was up and their perfectly weighted grubber ended up as a penalty try after fullback Michael Slyvester was tackled without the ball by Iban Etcheverry, who received a yellow card.
While the French winger was off, Ireland grabbed a second try, a really smartly taken effort from Stewart who worked the shortside and tiptoed down the tpouchline to cross in the corner. France may have rued introducing their raft of replacements. Byrne's touchline conversion was a thing of beauty and at 22-17 the visitors were very much back in the contest.
Ireland's defensive frailties came back to haunt them, a catalogue of errors in the build-up to a fortuitous try for replacement Jules Gimbert giving the home side their fourth try and a bonus point. This Irish side demonstrated the character and also the ability within the team, O'Brien and James McCarthy exchanging passes for the winger to race away and touch down. Byrne again kicked a brilliant conversion.
Scoring sequence - 2 mins: Ntamack penalty, 3-0; 12: Ntamack try, Ntamack conversion, 10-0; 22: Byrne penalty, 10-3; 26: Diallo try, 15-3; 28: Ntamack try, Ntamack conversion, 22-3. Half-time: 22-3. 52: Penalty try, 22-10; 59: Stewart try, Byrne conversion, 22-17; 63: Gimbert try, 27-17; 72: J McCarthy try, Byrne conversion, 27-24; 78: Bamba try, Carbonel conversion, 34-24.
France U-20: C Laporte; I Etcheverry, P-L Barassi, A Vincent, M Marty; R Ntamack, A Coville (capt); H Kolingar, M Lamothe, D Brennan; K Geraci, T Lavault; C Woki, I Diallo, M Lemardelet. Replacements: D Bamba for Brennan 28-40 and 54 mins; B Heguy for Woki half-time; U Boniface for Kolingar 54 mins; L Carbonel for Ntamack 57 mins; J Gimbert for Colville 58 mins; Peyresblanques for Lamothe 61 mins; A Roussel for Diallo.
Yellow card: I Etcheverry 52 mins.
Ireland U-20: M Silvester (Dublin University); P Sullivan (Lansdowne), D McCarthy (Garryowen), T O'Brien (UCD, capt), J McCarthy (UL Bohemian); H Byrne (UCD), J Stewart (QUB); J Duggan (Naas), R Kelleher (UCD), J Aungier (St. Mary's College); C Daly (Clontarf), J Dunne (Dublin University); M Dalton (Malone), A Hall (Ballynahinch), J O'Sullivan (UCC). Replacements: S Masterson (Corinthians) for Hall half-time; T O'Toole (Banbridge) for Aungier 54 mins; Angus Kernohan (Ballymena) for Sullivan 54-65 mins; H O'Sullivan (Clontarf) for Stewart 64 mins; R Coffey (Shannon) for Daly 68 mins; D Barron (Garryowen) for Kelleher 70 mins; J French (UCC) for Duggan 73 mins.
Referee: Christope Ridley (England)
(Reuters) - Everton manager Sam Allardyce believes Arsenal are defensively weak and their tendency to commit players going forward will leave counter-attacking opportunities for their team when they visit the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger's Arsenal have failed to keep a clean sheet in their last seven Premier League matches and were punished for some glaring defensive errors in a 3-1 defeat by Swansea City on Tuesday.
“I always felt defensively they are weak,” Allardyce told a news conference on Friday.
”If we break out with some qualities forward passes, then create some good counter-attacking opportunities.
”Swansea managed to get a result against them but the Emirates is a different kettle of fish. It's about nullifying the strengths of Arsenal.
“Arsenal's attacking force is something you have to manage. Even though they haven't scored as many goals this year as they have in recent years at this stage of the season.”
Theo Walcott is one of the Everton players Allardyce could use on the break, with the forward set to play against Arsenal for the first time since leaving the club last month.
The 28-year-old England international has made a good start at their new club, contributing an assist in Everton's 1-1 draw against West Bromwich Albion before scoring twice in a 2-1 victory over Leicester City on Wednesday.
Allardyce expects Walcott to improve further and build a partnership with fullback Seamus Coleman, who made a return to the starting lineup against Leicester following 10 months out of action following a double leg break.
“Theo has seen a lot of Seamus and Seamus has seen a lot of Theo over the years. From a distance they know each other's games very well,” the manager said.
“He's (Theo) got an opportunity to be a key player at Everton now. They played 30-plus games last season and scored 19 goals. Hopefully, they can have as good a performance at the Emirates as they did Wednesday night.”
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Haifa Chemicals, Yara, Arab Potash Company, Omex, Everris, Bunge, SQM, UralChem, ICL Fertilizers, Sinclair, Grow More, EuroChem Group, Mosaicco, Nutrite, Aries Agro.
The Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amino-acid-water-soluble-fertilizer-market/10144/#requestforsample
The Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market Products Type Segmentation : Solid Fertilizer, Liquid Fertilizer.
Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market Applications Segmentation : Horticulture, Crop, Others.
Key Highlights of the Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amino-acid-water-soluble-fertilizer-market/10144/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Amino Acid Water-soluble Fertilizer market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Hong Kong's central bank raises base rate 25 basis points after Fed hike
HONG KONG, June 15 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority on Thursday raised the base rate charged through its overnight discount window by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent.
BERLIN Germany needs a strong, pro-European France to hold together the European project, veteran German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Wednesday, less than two weeks out from the first round of the French presidential election.
The comments from Schaeuble, 74, reflect the German government's aversion to far-right National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, who wants to abandon the euro currency and is expected to go through to a run-off vote.
"We need a strong France ... we need a pro-European France," Schaeuble said during a round table discussion in Berlin. "We need France to hold together Europe."
"I hope Le Pen does not become French president," they added.
France votes in the first round of its presidential election in April 23, with the top two placed candidates going head-to-head on May 7. Earlier on Wednesday, an Ifop-Fiducial poll showed Le Pen leading narrowly in the first round, but likely to lose the run-off to centrist Emmanuel Macron.
Stressing Berlin's need for France to play a full role in the European Union, which was stunned by Britain's vote last June to leave the bloc, Schaeuble added: "Germany cannot lead Europe alone."
"That doesn't work, that is completely clear," they said. "We need France at least as much as France needs us."
Germany had a responsibility to lead in Europe due to its "geostrategic position", Schaeuble said, but added: "Some people expect too much of us ... politically, we are not as strong as France."
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Victoria Bryan and Richard Lough)
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Ergonis has released Typinator 7.5, adding more functionality to the text-expansion tool's scripting features, including the capability to access expansion history, check which text input caused the current expansion, and cancel the currently processed expansion. The release also ensures that precompiled AppleScripts retain their properties within the same Typinator session, and that expansions are completed in order when a script in an expansion triggers additional expansions.
Typinator 7.5 also recovers better from memory-related crashes in macOS 10.13 High Sierra, adds a button for showing or hiding invisible characters in the expansion field, fixes a bug in the CSV export that produced empty lines in multi-line expansions, and updates some predefined subscription sets (including TidBITS AutoCorrection and Product Names). (€24.99 new with a 25 percent discount for TidBITS members, free update, 7.9 MB, release notes, 10.6.8+)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
A NEW Year's Eve reveller claimed they had no memory of taking a wallet and using a bank card in Wrexham, a court heard.
Wrexham Magistrates Court heard Sanosi Hakim Hassan, 44, was so much the worse for wear they did not realise they were using the card to pay for items in Town Hill on December 31.
Prosecutor Justin Espey said an 18-year-old student realised they had left their wallet containing their bank card in a taxi when they came to pay for drinks on New Year's Eve.
The card had been used in stores and CCTV footage showed the defendant making the payments.
Hassan, of Rhosddu Road, Wrexham admitted theft and fraud by false representation on December 31 when they appeared before the court.
The victim was left out of pocket to the tune of £65 and magistrates ordered Hassan pay
that sum in compensation.
They also fined them £160 and ordered they pay costs of £85 plus a victim surcharge of £30.
Emma Simoes, defending, said of Hassan: “He had been out with friends consuming vodka and other drinks and the offences took place just before midnight struck.
“He accepts it was them in the CCTV and they don't think their actions were acceptable.
“But they don't remember doing it.”
University of Arizona parking structure rendering
End
-- McCarthy Building Companies recently began construction on the much anticipated new $22 million five-level, 282,000-square-foot South Stadium Parking Structure for the University of Arizona (UA) in Tucson, Ariz.Upon completion, the garage will include 915 parking spaces, which increases the number of parking spaces by 735 from the existing surface parking lot. The garage will be located south of 6th Street, near student housing and athletic facilities. The UA has sold all available permits for campus parking spots and has established a growing waiting list for parking permits, determining a need for the additional spaces."This project will help to relieve parking congestion on campus, and will complete in time for the Fall semester," said Jim Brandt, project director for McCarthy Building Companies. "This is McCarthy's first Design-Build project with the University of Arizona and we have enjoyed working with the university's Planning, Design and Construction team to bring a much-needed parking solution to the campus."The construction project involves utility relocations, mass excavation, elevator pit, drilled piers, grade beams and cast-in-place columns, which are in progress. Designs for the Warren Avenue re-alignment and related egress features are being finalized.The 6th Street and Warren Avenue intersection has been redesigned to align with National Championship Drive to the north and will include a traffic signal, which is expected to greatly improve traffic flow throughout the area and increase efficiency and safety. Sidewalks and bike lanes will be added along Warren Avenue.The project is expected to be complete in August 2017. A live construction camera and other details can be viewed at http://www.pdc.arizona.edu/ project/13-9168 McCarthy Building Companies, Inc. ( http://www.mccarthy.com/ ) is the oldest privately held national construction company in the country – with more than 150 years spent collaborating with partners to solve complexbuilding challenges on behalf of its clients. With an unrelenting focus on safety and a comprehensive quality program that span all phases of every project, McCarthy utilizes industry-leading design phase and construction techniques combined with value-add technology to maximize outcomes. Repeatedly honored as a Best Place to Work and Healthiest Employer, McCarthy is ranked the 16th largest domestic general contractor (, May 2016). With approximately 1,700 salaried employees and offices in St. Louis, Atlanta; Collinsville, Ill.; Portage, Ind.; Kansas City, Kan.; Phoenix; Las Vegas; Denver; Dallas, Houston; Albuquerque;and San Diego, Newport Beach, San Francisco, San Jose and Sacramento, Calif. McCarthy is 100 percent employee owned (http://www.mccarthy.com/about/employee-owners/). More information about the company is available online at www.mccarthy.com or by following the company on Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/mccarthybuilding), Twitter (https://twitter.com/McCarthyBuild), LinkedIn (http://www.linkedin.com/company/119184?trk=tyah), Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/mccarthybuild/)and Google+ (http://www.google.com/+MccarthyBuilding)
The construction of their Cabinet suggests a cautious side to Leo Varadkar's approach to managing their Government.
Announcing their nominations in the Dáil on Wednesday night, the new Taoiseach also set a number of clear commitments which their Ministers will pursue. It smacked of a new directness.
The Cabinet survivors, as expected, greatly outnumbered the new arrivals. This was no night of the long knives but it wasn't quite a night of the butter knives either with Mary Mitchell O'Connor demoted to a super-junior ministry in charge of higher education. They were the most conspicuous loser on the day.
This reflected a feeling widespread in Government that the Cabinet newcomer of last year had not performed well in the jobs portfolio. The higher education sector will be pleased with its elevation to a seat at Cabinet, even if there will be mixed feelings about the minister.
Varadkar's style has previously been to consult, ruminate and then act with some boldness. On Wednesday, they decided that discretion was the better part of valour, but the line-up marks a dramatic generational change in the leadership of the State. Varadkar, Paschal Donohoe, Simon Coveney, Eoghan Murphy, Simon Harris, Denis Naughten, Joe McHugh, Regina Doherty - not one of them is over 50.
Arguably more significant than the personnel changes, however, was the specific direction of policy and action that was set out by Varadkar.
Referendum
They committed firmly to a referendum on the Eighth Amendment next year. They indicated that there will be an enlarged programme of building public housing and suggested that there may be measures to encourage landlords to provide housing - a signal perhaps that tax breaks may be employed to encourage rentals.
Interestingly, in the area of health, they charged Harris with formulating a “response” to report of the all-party committee into the future of healthcare, which recently set out a radical and far-reaching plan for the health system, which includes the complete separation of the public and private systems. They did not say that Harris would implement the report. That will be one to watch.
But if Varadkar was direct then they are also setting very obvious markers out by which they can be judged.
It will be clear in a few months if progress is being made on these issues. The housing statistics will tell their own story. The healthcare report will demand a response, and soon. The broadband numbers will be clear. Preparations for a referendum on the Eighth Amendment will be required before too long. All these things will be plainly visible.
To be delivered, they will also require a shot in the arm for a Government apparatus that has become rigid with inactivity in many areas during the long farewell of Enda Kenny and the Fine Gael leadership contest.
There is a change on the way in the Dáil too. Varadkar indicated that Fine Gael will make common cause with Fianna Fáil to end the situation where Independent TDs are hugely overrepresented in the allocation of speaking time.
That will increase the efficiency of a hugely inefficient parliament, but it will also increase the volume of the objections to the rule of the big two.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — Saudi Arabia says it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years. It's the latest move as part of the young crown prince's efforts to socially reform the country.
The kingdom says a resolution was passed on Monday paving way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters. Movie theaters were shut down in the 1980's during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has pushed for greater social openings, including lifting a ban on women driving next year and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population.
The government says the first cinemas are expected to open in March 2018.
PARIS (AP) — Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was placed in custody on Tuesday as part of an investigation that they received millions of euros in illegal financing from the regime of the late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi.
A judicial source with direct knowledge of the case told The Associated Press that Sarkozy was being held at the Nanterre police station, west of Paris. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
Sarkozy and their former chief of staff have denied wrongdoing in the case, which involves funding for their winning 2007 presidential campaign.
Though an investigation has been underway since 2013, the case gained traction some three years later when French-Lebanese business person Ziad Takieddine told the online investigative site, Mediapart, that they delivered suitcases from Libya containing 5 million euros ($6.2 million) in cash to Sarkozy and their former chief of staff Claude Gueant.
Advertisement
A lawyer for Sarkozy did not immediately respond to a message from the AP seeking comments.
Investigators are examining claims that Gadhafi's regime secretly gave Sarkozy 50 million euros overall for the 2007 campaign. Such a sum would be more than double the legal campaign funding limit at the time of 21 million euros. In addition, the alleged payments would violate French rules against foreign financing and declaring the source of campaign funds.
In the Mediapart interview published in November 2016, Takieddine said they were given 5 million euros in Tripoli by Gadhafi's intelligence chief on trips in late 2006 and 2007 and that they gave the money in suitcases full of cash to Sarkozy and Gueant on three occasions. They said the handovers took place in the Interior Ministry, while Sarkozy was interior minister.
Takieddine has for years been embroiled in their own problems with French justice, centering mainly on allegations they provided illegal funds to the campaign of conservative politician Edouard Balladur for their 1995 presidential election campaign — via commissions from the sale of French submarines to Pakistan.
According to Le Monde newspaper, investigators have recently handed to magistrates a report in which they detailed how cash circulated within Sarkozy's campaign team.
In January, a French business person suspected of playing a role in the financing scheme, Alexandre Djouhri, was arrested in London on a warrant issued by France "for offenses of fraud and money laundering." Le Monde said French investigators are also in possession of several documents seized at their home in Switzerland.
Sarkozy had a complex relationship with Gadhafi. Soon after becoming the French president, Sarkozy invited the Libyan leader to France for a state visit and welcomed them with high honors. But Sarkozy then put France in the forefront of NATO-led airstrikes against Gadhafi's troops that helped rebel fighters topple their regime in 2011.
It is not the first time that Sarkozy faces legal troubles. In February 2016, they were handed preliminary charges by French magistrates for suspected illegal overspending on their failed 2012 re-election campaign and ordered to stand trial.
Opening batsman Manjot Kalra scored an unbeaten 101 runs as India won the under-19 Cricket World Cup for the fourth time with an eight-wicket victory over Australia at Mt Maunganui yesterday.
Set a sub-par target of 217 after Australia had won the toss and opted to bat, India always looked in control, with their ability to build partnerships key in reaching 220-2 in just 38.5 overs.
Kalra's man of the match 102-ball innings comprised eight fours and three sixes.
A 71-run opening partnership between Prithvi Shaw and Kalra set the tone before 18-year-old allrounder Will Sutherland clean bowled the Indian skipper for 29 in the 12th over.
Advertisement
Kalra and Shubman Gill added 60 runs for the second wicket, their partnership cut short when Param Uppal bowled the dangerous right-hander for 31 off 30 balls.
Wicketkeeper Harvik Desai and Kalra were untroubled in wrapping up the Indian win, Desai's unbeaten 47 off 63 providing the perfectsupport for Kalra's fluent century.
Earlier, Australia were bowled out for 216 in 47.2 overs, allrounder Jonathan Merlo anchoring the innings with a 102-ball 76 which included six fours.
A 75-run fourth-wicket partnership between Uppal and Merlo resurrected the Australian innings after they were teetering at 59-3 four balls into the 12th over.
Medium pacer Ishan Porel removed Max Bryant (14) and Jack Edwards (28), then paceman Kamlesh Nagarkoti claimed skipper Jason Sangha for 13.
Uppal and Merlo's fourth-wicket stand put Australia back on track, the pair rebuilding patiently until legspinner Anukul Roy struck in the 29th over, taking a comfortable return catch off a leading edge to dismiss Uppal for 34.
Nathan McSweeney (23 off 29) added another 49 runs for the fifth wicket before chipping another return catch to Shiva Singh early in the 40th over to leave Australia at 183-5.
The Australians could add only 33 runs for their last five wickets, tied down in their final eight overs by sharp fielding and intelligent bowling.
Roy finished with 2-32 off seven overs, equalling Qais Ahmad, of Afghanistan, and Canadian Faisal Jamkhandi as the leading wicket-takers for the tournament with 14.
- AAP
Social media sensation Jeremy Meeks, the 'hot felon,' made their New York Fashion Week debut on the Philipp Plein runway earlier this week.
Meeks made headlines in 2014 after their mugshot, posted on the Stockton Police Department's Facebook page after they were arrested on federal weapons charges, went viral.
They became an instant Internet celebrity, with users commenting on their good looks.
Meeks was later convicted and sentenced to 27 months in a California prison, but they have since traded the cellblock for the catwalk.
This mugshot of Jeremy Meeks, 30, of Stockton, Calif., garnered a lot of attention on Facebook after being posted to the local police department's page. (Photo: Stockton Police Department/Mugshot/Postmedia Network)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
April 6 Old Dominion Freight Line Inc:
* Old Dominion Freight Line Inc - co, MLB announced that Old Dominion will be "official freight carrier for Major League Baseball"
* Old Dominion Freight Line Inc - as part of partnership, Old Dominion will run advertising and promotions across MLB network Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Abdallah el-Kurebe
Crime has become a way of life for many. As an agency charged with the responsibility of maintaining law and order, the Nigeria Police Force has in recent times been faced with the challenge of fighting criminal activities in our society.
Though a relatively peaceful state, Sokoto has had a couple of criminals to contend with.
The Commissioner of Police, Muhammed Abdulkadir goes out on patrol by himself. They have created five patrol teams to man five sections of Sokoto metropolis with each headed by him, Deputy Commissioner (DC), Assistant Commissioner, Operations (AC-Ops), Assistant Commissioner CID (AC-CID) and the Area Commander.
Abdulkadir told N in an exclusive chat that the teams begin their patrol by 11pm until 04am. “‎This became imperative in view of the need to curtail criminal activities in the state. Each team operates with three vehicles with which we comb all sections of the metropolis,” they said.
On why they personally engage in patrol, the CP said that as a Police man, they were trained to do all manner of work performed by officers of the Force.
‎According to Abdulkadir, “Don't forget that I am a Policeman notwithstanding that I am the head of the Command. If we lead by example, the rank and file get motivated and puts their best, especially when it downs on them that their superior is with him.”
It is commendable ‎that since the patrol teams were formed on March 21, 2017, several arrests had been made and many unregistered vehicles impounded.
“We started the patrol on March 21, 2017 and we have so far made 59 arrests, screened 24 and charged 35 to court. We impounded 21 motor vehicles, screened 15 and freed five. Again, we impounded 20 motorcycles, screened 13 and freed seven,” they further told Newsdiaryonline.
On how the Command was achieving the feat, Abdulkadir said that officers and men of the Command were co-operating towards the fight against crime in the state. “The officers and men are being inspired by our participation in the patrols. Their spirits get heightened, especially when they see us around them. They work with extra zeal.”
Newsdiaryonline investigations before the interview found that the rank and file in the Command are happy with Abdulkadir's humble disposition to them.
Five police officers who spoke with this reporter at different interviews and on condition of non-disclosure of identity, ‎told Newsdiaryonline that they enjoy working with the CP because of their humility. ‎Three corroborated with each other.
A corporal said: “This CP is so humble. ‎He listens to every police officer without regard to bureaucracy. If for example I tell the Provost that I want to see the CP and they take me there, the man would listen to me and act appropriately.”
An inspector of police ‎said that “the CP is an exceptionally nice man. Their way of doing this police work inspires me and many of my colleagues. The way they treat us makes us love the job. In fact, we now pride in being police officers. There are many things I have learnt since the CP came to Sokoto.”
Superintendent of Police (SP), El-Mustapha Sani, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) ‎told Newsdiaryonline that the new method has boosted crime prevention ‎in the state.
“On a general note, crime is abysmally low now in the state. The CP's participation in patrols has helped and because of the man that they are, police officers and men are happy to work with him. They relate with every police officer in a way that suggests a united family. They hardly scold any officer but corrects him,” Sani said.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
SEO Power Solutions offering wide range of local search engine optimization services for various local businesses around the world.
250
Contact
SEO Power Solutions
07552980075
***@seopowersolutions.com SEO Power Solutions07552980075
End
-- SEO Power Solutions offering wide range of local search engine optimization services for various local businesses around the world.Today, every local business is competing among other local businesses to make their brand standout in the local area. It is extremely hard for the local businesses to survive in this highly competitive market without a proper local business strategy. It gives more visibility online for those local businesses that uses some modern marketing strategies and local search engine optimization services for their endorsements.SEO Power Solutions, which is a fast growing digital marketing company in India, offering some of the best SEO solutions for local businesses. The company is having a great experience in the field of internet marketing and specially the local business promotion using the search engine optimization techniques.If you are having a local business and not getting the right response from your customers and you need to think twice on your SEO strategies. Every local business is unique and special and therefore required some unique marketing ideas to attract more people towards their business.SEO Power Solutions brings out the bespoke local search engine optimization solutions for the local business and helping them to get more customers. SEO Power Solutions has a team of search engine marketing experts that frame a customized strategy for every local business. The SEO Power Solution believes that there is no universal strategy that works for the local business, and that's why they create a customized local SEO package for every local business."We are delighted to offer the best local SEO services for various local businesses around the globe. We knew we are not the only one in the market to provide local SEO services, but we assure you that our local services are among the best in the market because we use various effective local citation and local link building techniques for local businesses."For more information, visit https://www.seopowersolutions.com/ SEO Power Solutions is a leading ROI driven digital marketing company providing the best and creative solution for your business. SEO Power Solutions are successfully serving a number of clients in UK, USA, Australia and India.109, Tower 8, Sagar Lake View,Ayodhya Bypass, Bhopal,Madhya Pradesh 462021Office: +91-07552980075(11Am - 7Pm IST)Mobile: +91-9981949678Email - info@seopowersolutions.comWebsite - https://www.seopowersolutions.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Linfield manager David Healy is delighted to have brought Jonathan Smith and Joel Cooper on board before the start of next season.
And manager Healy is pleased with the business they have done so far.
“I'm delighted to welcome Jonathan Smith to Linfield on a two year contract.
“He's a Woodvale lad who played here in the Academy as a teenager, before moving to Ipswich and Torquay in England.
“He's full of enthusiasm.and can't wait to get started in a few weeks. They will certainly add to our striking options and I'm looking forward to working with them when we return to pre-season training.
“On January 24 we announced that Joel had signed a pre-contract to join us on a three year contract at the end of the season which has now finished.
“I'm delighted to be able to officially welcome them to Windsor Park and I'm looking forward to them joining us for pre-season training in a few weeks.
“I know everyone is looking forward to seeing them wear our ncolours in action in a few weeks time.”
And Smith says they are delighted to be joining the Windsor Park outfit.
“I'm over the moon about signing for Linfield. It's a move I've always wanted to a club I've supported since boyhood.
“Competition for places will be tough but I'm looking forward to the challenge. I just want to work hard and show the manager what I'm capable of.
“I want to help this club win trophies. Players come here to win trophies and I know that the manager and all the staff are focused on bringing success to the club in the season ahead.”
And Cooper also can't wait to get started.
“I'm looking forward to meeting up with everyone for pre season and I can't wait to get started.
“I know competition for places will be tough and I know this club is expected to be winning trophies but I came here to aim to bring silverware to the club.
“I want to place on record my thanks to Bill Peden for the important role they played in arranging my move to Linfield.”
May 3 Heritage Insurance Holdings Inc
* Heritage Insurance Holdings reports financial results for first quarter of 2017
* Gross premiums earned increased 2% for q1 2017 as compared to q1 2016
* Qtrly book value per share increased 6% as compared to q1 2016 to $12.67
* Repurchased 361,211 shares for a total of $4.5 million in q1 2017
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.21 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CBL Corporation Ltd:
* REQUESTS TRADING HALT FOR ITS SHARES ON NZX AND ASX, SO THAT CO CAN UPDATE MARKET ON FY17 RESULT EXPECTATIONS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
After much speculation, PWInsider reports that WWE will finally confirm Seth Rollins and Dean Ambrose vs. RAW Tag Team Champions Sheamus and Cesaro on tonight's SummerSlam go-home edition of RAW from Boston.
With that match confirmed to take place, below is the updated SummerSlam card going into tonight's RAW:
Fatal 4 Way for the WWE Universal Title
Roman Reigns vs. Samoa Joe vs. Braun Strowman vs. Brock Lesnar
WWE Title Match
Shinsuke Nakamura vs. Jinder Mahal
SmackDown Women's Title Match
Natalya vs. Naomi
RAW Women's Title Match
Bayley's replacement TBA (Sasha Banks or Nia Jax) vs. Alexa Bliss
WWE United States Title Match
Kevin Owens vs. AJ Styles
Special Referee: Shane McMahon
WWE Cruiserweight Title Match
Akira Tozawa vs. Neville
SmackDown Tag Team Title Match
The Usos vs. The New Day
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins vs. Cesaro and Sheamus
Big Cass vs. Big Show
Enzo Amore will be suspended above the ring in a shark cage.
Rusev vs. Randy Orton
Finn Balor vs. Bray Wyatt
John Cena vs. Baron Corbin
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Panel discussion to explore "How Sales Leaders Are Addressing Changing Customer Buying Behavior"
Chicago Sales Leadership Community Meeting on May 19, 2017
Contact
Matt Piekutowski, SOAR Performance Group
***@soarperformancegroup.com Matt Piekutowski, SOAR Performance Group
End
-- The next Chicago Sales Leadership Community meeting will be Friday, May 19th at DePaul University's Center for Sales Leadership (11th Floor, 1 E. Jackson, Chicago, IL 60604). The meeting will include networking, breakfast, a panel discussion, and open question and answer time. Hear the expert panel discuss "How Sales Leaders Are Addressing Changing Customer Buying Behavior" and network with sales leaders from CH Robinson, HP Enterprise, IRI, LinkedIn, Miller Coors, Patterson Medical, SAP, Shearer's Foods, Siemens Healthineers, Softchoice, Southwire, Whirlpool, Zones and other top companies at this event.Panelists for the meeting will be Jonathan Leaf (Softchoice - VP Sales, Western US), Tom O'Connor (IRI - Senior Vice President), and John Thackston (SOAR Performance Group – Vice President, Client Engagements). The event starts at 7:30am with breakfast and networking. The panel discussion starts at 8:00am and will conclude by 9:00am.This meeting is open to practitioner sales leaders and invited guests. There is no cost to attend. Registration before the meeting is required to ensure that a seat is available to you. For more information and the links to register, go to http://soarperformancegroup.com/ how-sales-leaders- are-add... The Chicago Sales Leadership Community was co-founded by DePaul University and SOAR Performance Group. The Chicago Sales Leadership Community is a cross industry organization of senior sales leaders focused on building a community within the Chicago market for advancing best practices in sales leadership. It also creates networking and mentoring opportunities for sales executives with DePaul University students participating in the DePaul University Sales Program.DePaul University, the largest Catholic university in the United States, offers academically excellent, flexible, practical programs of study in a student-focused learning environment. The Center for Sales Leadership is a program within the Driehaus College of Business. The Center for Sales Leadership's mission is to educate and mentor students to prepare them for careers post-graduation. The Center for Sales Leadership has one of the largest sales curriculums in the country.SOAR Performance Group is a client-focused sales consulting and training company that concentrates on sales performance improvement. We accelerate results for our clients through the development and execution of new sales and go to market strategies. Clients achieve success through a process of insights, diagnostics, consulting and training centered on a comprehensive understanding and connection to each client's business.For more information about the Chicago Sales Leadership Community, go to http://soarperformancegroup.com/ sales-leadership- communit... For more information about DePaul University's Center for Sales Leadership, go to http://salesleadershipcenter.com/For more information about SOAR Performance Group, go to http://SoarPerformanceGroup.com/
