Glider crashes into farmer's field, no injuries reported
POMFRET, Vt. (AP) — Police say a glider crashed into a farmer's field in Vermont.
Vermont State Police say the crash happened in Pomfret when the pilot tried to land around 4:30 p.m. Tuesday. The aircraft struck a gully during the crash, causing heavy tail-end damage.
The pilot has been identified as 63-year-old Bob Iuliano, of Queensbury, New York, and police say they were not injured.
The crash has been reported to the National Transportation Safety Board for further investigation.
BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) — Wildlife advocates plan to challenge the approval of a new Yellowstone River dam to benefit farmers that critics say could kill off a dwindling population of a fish dating to the time of dinosaurs.
A bypass channel for the irrigation dam would be built near the Montana-North Dakota border to let endangered pallid sturgeon reach upstream spawning grounds.
But scientists don't know if the fish would use the channel.
Defenders of Wildlife and the Natural Resources Defense Council said in a court filing Friday they are negotiating with officials on how to proceed following last month's dam construction approval by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation.
Advertisement
The groups have a lawsuit pending over the $57 million project.
U.S. District Judge Brian Morris temporarily blocked it in 2015.
__
This version corrects that one of the plaintiffs challenging the dam is Defenders of Wildlife, not WildEarth Guardians.
Good morning,
It was a freezing night and there are still weather warnings in place for icy road conditions.
A yellow weather warning for ice is in place across the county until 11am today (December 12), so drive carefully and be wary of black ice.
We'll be bringing you al the latest news on any accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14 , M11 and A1, that might affect your route into work, check out the updates as they happen below.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated in the blog.
We will also be reporting on flight cancellations and delays to affect Stansted Airport.
And, we'll also be bringing you the latest news and sport from around the city, and across the country, as well as the best of What's On in the region.
Do let us know if you spot anything that may affect your commute home from work - send us a tweet on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page .
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
1:13 USC commit spotlight: Damani Staley transitions to linebacker
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dramatic footage shows the aftermath of what Highways England say was a ' very serious' crash on the A11 tonight (February 2).
A driver has been seriously injured following a one-vehicle collision on the A11 between the A505 and A1307 Cambridge Road.
It is not believed any other vehicles are involved in the incident, which occurred around 7pm.
The injured person, believed to be driving a car, was attended by an air ambulance crew while police closed the road off in both directions.
Police investigation work is still ongoing and the road is expected to remain closed until the early hours of Saturday morning (February 3).
Following the reports, local man Les Redhead captured the scene from a nearby footbridge, which shows long tailbacks in both directions.
Some drivers reported they were stuck in their cars for over an hour while police diverted over two miles of backed-up traffic.
Police took several hours to divert both carriageways through local routes.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
High performance thermoplastics mainly comprise engineering plastics with high performance standards. Some of the major product types for high performance engineering plastics include polycarbonate, polyamide, nylon 66 and PEEK (Polyether Ether Ketone) among others.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=3090
Polyamide is among dominant high performance thermoplastic with applications in various end user industries including automotive, electronics, construction, sports equipment and other consumer goods. Polyamide, also known as nylon occurs in nature in form of silk and wool and can be produced artificially through polymerization. Polyamide 66 and polyamide 6 are among the most dominant artificially made polyamide employed mainly in the production of fibers. Polyamides such as polyamide 11, polyamide 12 are employed primarily as engineering plastics. Although polycarbonate posses high tensile strength and thermal stability, it has low scratch resistance that has restrained market growth for polycarbonate. Polycarbonate is primarily employed in the automotive application segment.
Bio degradability issues and environmental hazards associated with production of several high performances thermoplastic including polyamide and PEEK has restrained market growth for the plastics. On account of which there has been surge in research and development activities to develop bio based thermoplastics. Udecanoic acid and sebacic acid derived from castor oil are among the most dominant raw materials used in the production of bio based polyamide. Automotives is the largest application segment for high performance thermoplastics and the trend is expected to continue in the near future. Demand for high performance thermoplastics in packaging applications is expected to outdo other application segments in terms of growth rate during the forecast period.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/high-performance-thermoplastics-market.html
Several end user industries for high performance thermoplastics include consumer goods hence, GDP growth rate and increasing disposable income of people in a region are some of the important determinants for high performance thermoplastics demand in a region. Characteristics such as light weight, abrasion resistance and chemical resistance of high performance thermoplastics make it suitable for transportation applications. Transportation applications have been a major factor driving demand for high performance thermoplastics. Growing investment in the emerging economies of India, China and Brazil is expected to drive market growth during the forecast period. Petroleum based products are used in the production of several high performance thermoplastics. Therefore, volatile pricing of raw material has been a major restraint for these polyamides. Increasing research and development activities to improve efficiency of bio based high performance thermoplastics is expected to offer huge growth opportunity in the market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
TAMAQUA — Lehighton survived a furious fourth-quarter Tamaqua rally Friday night to turn back the Raiders 59-55 in what turned out to be a surprisingly intense Schuylkill League Division I girls' basketball game.
Staked to a 16-point lead following a Lillian Brown basket just moments into the final frame, the Indians (13-7, 8-4 D-1) suddenly slumped while the Raiders rallied, using an 11-3 run to cut the Lehighton deficit to eight (53-45) at the 3:26 mark.
Tamaqua (10-10, 3-9) continued to chip away at the Lehighton lead, eventually cutting it to two points twice in the final 54 seconds. However, Lehighton hit 6-of-8 free throws down the stretch to seal the victory.
Lehighton's Skylynn Faust paced the Indians' attack with 21 points, but was held to just eight points in the first half. With the Tamaqua defense focused on Faust, Lehighton's Aubrey Blasiak (16 points) and Julia Frey (11 points) helped the Tribe stay tied for the lead or in the lead for the entire game.
Blasiak was also celebrated by the crowd at the 6:20 mark of the fourth quarter when they scored their 1,000th career point on a free throw.
Lehighton head coach Joe Berezwick was not surprised by Tamaqua's late comeback attempt and was pleased that their team's players combined and contributed to the win, which broke a three-game losing streak.
“We're used to teams trying to take Sky away, but Aubrey, Julia and Alexis (Pantella) really stepped up for us tonight,” Berezwick said. “They really came to play.”
“Give Tamaqua credit,” they added. “They were down and they didn't give up. They stayed with it, made some big plays, and really made it a game.”
Sophomores Emma Kuczynski and Emily Titus spearheaded the Tamaqua attack, Kuczynski scoring 27 points and Titus adding 22.
Kuczynski scored 16 of their game-high total in the final quarter, hitting two 3-pointers and draining 8-of-9 from the foul line.
Like Berezwick, Tamaqua coach Erika Davis also pointed to the play of the Lady Indians who “stepped up” and cited their efforts as something many of their young players must learn.
“Overall, I was pleased with the job we did on Skylynn tonight, but they had several other girls step up and make some big plays, whereas we had two girls score 49 of our 55 points,” Davis said. “Unfortunately, two girls just isn't going to get the job done.”
The loss was the fourth in a row for the Lady Raiders and their sixth in the last seven games.
“We fought back tonight and I'm pleased with that,” added Davis. “But our mental toughness needs to improve.”
Game Summary
LEHIGHTON (59) — Brown 1 0-0 2, Frey 4 0-1 11, Long 0 0-1 0, Hibbler 0 1-2 1, Blasiak 4 8-10 16, Miller 1 0-0 2, Pantella 3 0-2 6, Faust 8 5-7 21. Totals 21 14-23 59.
TAMAQUA (55) — Zuber 1 0-0 3, Hromyak 0 0-0 0, Jones 1 1-2 3, Boyle 0 0-0 0, Titus 6 10-13 22, Frederickson 0 0-0 0, Kuczynski 6 13-17 27. Totals 14 24-32 55.
Leh (13-7, 8-4) 16 12 18 13 — 59 Tam (10-10, 3-9) 8 18 8 21 — 55
3-point FGs: Frey 3. Kuczynski 2, Zuber.
JV score: Lehighton 31-26, OT
You might not notice it, but your cat favors a paw.
Just like humans, cats are left- and right-handed, preferring one paw over the other when it comes to going downstairs, grabbing food and other activities.
According to National Geographic, a recent study on paw favoritism also found, again, like humans, male cats tend to be left-handed more often than females, who are mostly righties.
“We think this difference is linked to sex hormones,” Deborah Wells, a psychologist at Queen's University Belfast and lead author of the study, told National Geographic.
For the study, Wells and their colleagues spent three months observing 44 cats (20 females, 24 males) at their homes in Northern Ireland. Throughout what might be the cutest research period ever, the team kept track of what paws the cats used to first step into the litter box, first take a step down the stair, recline and reach for food in a plastic feeder.
After the research was complete, Wells and their team found that almost 75 percent of the cats had an obvious paw preference, with most of the girls favoring their right paw and most of the guys favoring their left.
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
To figure out whether your own cat is left-handed or right-handed, National Geographic suggests being observant and looking at the same natural actions that Wells and their team monitored. After watching your kitty closely for a few weeks, it should become clear what paw they favor for natural behaviors like reclining, grabbing and climbing.
You may find that your cat is a bit ambidextrous when it comes to play and other activities, but chances are there is a righty or lefty urge dominating most of your cat's movements.
The studio was full of pizzazz this morning as DWTS judges Brain Redmond and Julian Benson called in to wet our dancefloor appetite.
Vivacious as always, Julian still sounds like "a baby dinosaur with the flu", while their colleague Brian is as regimental as ever, "Let me start by saying this...".
Just as they are telling us their 'ones-to-watch' for the series, the door burst open, and an intense golden glow filled the room. Sequins, sparkle and sexy appeal...the one and only Marty Morrissey had arrived!
They blew us away with a sneak preview of what they can do, and to tell you the truth lads and lassies, Shakira wouldn't tie their laces...
You can listen in full here:
For more Gift grub, tune into The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show every weekday morning from 7am
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — The New York Jets' social media department posted a graphic on Twitter on Friday of a sad-looking dog that resembles the Cleveland Browns' logo wearing a cone around its neck — along with a Jets collar tag.
It also showed four dog biscuits — two of them broken — on the ground. The tweet included the word, "Sit" followed by #NYJvsCLE.
It was deleted about an hour after being posted. Someone might be in the doghouse because of it.
The message didn't exactly fit what coach Todd Bowles and their players have been saying all week — the 2-2 squad is "not good enough to look past anybody."
DRAPER, Utah (AP) — The Latest on an anonymous tip to police about a Utah man who wanted to kill their ex-girlfriend and themselves just before they killed them and their son (all times local):
4:15 p.m.
Police in Utah say an anonymous tip hours before a man fatally shot their ex-girlfriend and their son did not give them enough information to stop the slayings before they happened.
Draper Police Deputy Chief John Eining said Wednesday the officer properly checked out the tip that Jeremy Patterson said they wanted to kill themselves and their ex-girlfriend. But the tipster did not answer the officer's calls and searches of police databases did not pinpoint the right man.
Advertisement
If Patterson had been found, Eining says the only possible violation police could have given them would have been a citation. Police in the Salt Lake City suburb did not know that victim Memorez Rackley reported to a different department days before that Patterson had been stalking them relentlessly.
The tip came to Draper police on June 6 about three hours before Patterson opened fire on Rackley and a car full of children.
Patterson killed himself. Two more children were wounded.
___
1:06 p.m.
A police report shows Utah police were investigating an anonymous tip about a man who wanted to kill their ex-girlfriend and themselves just before they killed them and their son.
The report provided Wednesday by police in the Salt Lake City suburb of Draper was in response to a public records request from The Associated Press.
It says the tipster called police about 32-year-old Jeremy Patterson after getting a message from Patterson saying they wanted to kill their girlfriend and himself.
An officer was investigating the call June 6 in the hours before Patterson killed Memorez Rackley and their 6-year-old son. Patterson then killed himself.
The report says the officer tried calling the tipster and searched police databases for Patterson's name without success.
Draper police did not immediately comment.
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Indonesia is immunizing millions of children and teenagers against diphtheria after the disease killed 38 people, mostly children, since January.
Children in school uniforms and toddlers clinging to their parents received shots at a high school in Indonesia's capital, Jakarta, on the first day of the campaign Monday.
Diphtheria is a bacterial disease that can cause breathing difficulties, heart failure and paralysis. It was more or less eradicated in Indonesia in the 1990s but health officials say it has re-emerged in the past four years because immunization rates have dropped, partly reflecting fears about vaccines.
The first stage of the $112 million campaign aims to vaccinate 8 million people under the age of 19 in Jakarta and the populous provinces of Banten and West Java.
Advertisement
The outbreak is “likely due to some people refusing immunization which causes their children's antibodies and resistance to be low,” Health Minister Nila Moeloek said after visiting a hospital where more than 30 diphtheria patients were being treated.
They said there could be a variety of reasons why increased numbers of parents are refusing immunizations.
The disease disappeared during the three-decade rule of Indonesian dictator Suharto when a family education program sent volunteers such as the wives of government officials into villages where they talked to mothers about nutrition and sanitation and reminded them about national immunization days.
The program was abandoned after Suharto's ouster in 1998, and a subsequent decentralization of government in Indonesia has complicated the work of health officials. Rumors that vaccinations are dangerous and violate Islamic law have also gained currency in the world's most populous Muslim nation.
The result, according to Elizabeth Jane Soepardi, who oversees immunization policy at the Ministry of Health, is that immunization rates dropped in some communities.
“I didn't even know about immunization,” said Satiyah, a 46-year-old mother of three whose adult son is being treated in an isolation ward for diphtheria after developing fever and nausea.
“None of my children has been immunized since birth,” said Satiyah, who goes by one name. They said now that they risk losing their son they will allow their 15-year-old daughter to be immunized.
[India], December 12 (ANI): The mercury came down by several degrees on Tuesday after rain continued to lash parts of Delhi till late last night.
Weather forecast said the sky is likely to be enveloped by clouds over Delhi-NCR on Tuesday as well.
Twenty-seven trains have been delayed, 15 cancelled and one rescheduled due to low visibility.
The Ministry of Railways had earlier adviced the passengers to check the status of the train before undertaking their journey.
The status of these trains will also be communicated to the passengers on their respective registered mobile numbers.
Fog has also disrupted the flight operations at Delhi airport as two flights have been diverted to Bengaluru due to low visibility and fog at Chennai airport. The arrival has been delayed upto 30 minutes. As per the latest Air Quality Index (AQI) data, Delhi's Dwarka is at 168, ITO is at 172, Shadipur is at 109, Siri Fort is at 167. All fall in the 'Unhealthy' category in the Air Quality Index according to the latest figures. (ANI)
click to enlarge instagram.com/yesandofficial
We've started noticing a lot of cool map gear around Charleston. No, there's nothing new about "putting a city on the map" but we've always been fond of artistic representations of the streets and neighborhoods we call home.Based on the idea that “nothing is cooler than having fun," YESAND's name originates from the inclusive improv principle where you affirm what a fellow performer says, saying, “yes, and ..." expanding on their idea. The spirit of this saying is the basis of the brand, where owner Joel R. Sadler wanted to create a label that is collaborative and inclusive. With custom items that feature maps of Charleston, YESAND aspires to inspire a sense of connection and memory in familiar streets and neighborhoods.YESAND includes products like Charleston peninsula socks, notebooks, custom order vans, and trendy hats labeled with the Y& logo. And the company has also rolled out some collab items, like a partnership with Lululemon that led to a women's tank top design.Check it all out at YESAND's website and Instagram.
THE aged care acronyms can often seem confusing — ACAT, RAS, CHSP and HCP?
What do they actually mean? And how can they affect you?
The team from ACH Group will tackle our featured reader question in our free monthly aged care advice blog. Lauren asks:
All these aged care acronyms are confusing — can you please tell me what ACAT, RAS, CHSP AND HCP all mean in simple terms?
Teresa and Katrina will be on deck from 12.30pm on Tuesday to answer this question, plus many others for the Aged Care Answers liveblog.
It's not too late to ask your question! If you have a query about aged care and need answers, you can email us at tiser@theadvertiser.com.au .
We look forward to your company!
American Idol this Monday drew 7.6 million total viewers and a 1.4 demo rating, holding steady week-to-week and landing within one tenth of arch rival The Voice.
Closing ABC's night, The Crossing (4.2 mil/0.7) was steady.
NBC's The Voice (8.3 mil/1.5) slipped 11 and 17 percent week-to-week, but led Monday in total audience. Good Girls (4.1 mil/0.9) was steady.
Elsewhere….
THE CW | An emotionally charged Supergirl episode (1.4 mil/0.4) slipped 26 percent and a tenth to mark series lows; iZombie (710K/0.2) was down 12 percent and a tenth.
CBS | An all-repeats sitcom slate (averaging 6 mil and a 1.0) outperformed last week's lineup of originals (4.6 mil/0.8). The Carpool Karaoke special did 3.8 mil/0.8.
FOX | Bubble drama Lucifer (2.8 mil/0.7) dipped to an audience low while steady in the demo; The Resident (3.9 mil/0.8) ticked down to match its demo low.
Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
It was at the Google I/O Keynote 2016 when Google showcased the 'Google Instant Apps' feature for the first time and said that the feature would be rolled out in coming months.
And it took Google nearly eight months to make the feature public and that too for selected users. According to the latest reports, Google is reportedly pushing the Google Instant Apps feature to some people.
However, the feature is not useful as of now as there is only one application that works with the feature for now. That said, more and more apps will be added later on, but for now, if you've received the feature, here's how to enable and use it.
Oh, wait. What is Google Instant Apps? First Up?
When Google first showed the feature, the audience were completely taken into shock, and that's how the feature works. Instant Apps is a feature, where you can use the application without even installing it on your phone. This saves the internet on your phone and helps in deciding whether to download the app or not. As of now, an application named 'Wish' is supporting the feature.
How to Enable it? (Applicable only for people who received the feature)
At the time of writing this article, we haven't got the feature, but some other people across the globe received the feature. You can check yourself whether you have received the update or not by visiting 'Settings > Google Settings' and check for Instant Apps. If you find the Instant Apps in that list, then you can proudly say that you have received the 'Google Instant Apps' feature.
Now, how to enable the feature? Head over the same menu> Settings > Google Settings > Tap Instant Apps and hit the switch button over there. By doing this, you can enable the Google Instant App feature on your phone.
As said earlier, there's only one application that supports Instant Apps. So, this feature is kind of not useful for now. But, it's a great one to have around.
SOURCE 1|2
While Bill English prevaricates and sits on their hands over the deterioration in our relationship with Israel, it appears Egypt is improving their relationship.
The vast six-lane boulevard from Cairo International Airport into the city center is lined with buildings and offices connected to Egypt's powerful military. Hotels cater to air force officers, and buildings commemorate, with glorious murals, the country's fighting history. One shows Egyptian soldiers crossing the Suez Canal in 1973 to strike at Israeli forces in Sinai. Many Egyptians see the 1973 war as a victory. From that war came the peace treaty signed in Washington in 1979 between president Anwar Sadat and prime minister Menachem Begin. Insiders say that Israel and Egypt are experiencing the closest cooperation in decades, based on shared interests. On the surface there is nothing about the Egyptian-Israeli cold peace that appears warm. Israel was not represented at the Cairo International Book Fair that wrapped up on Friday. Official meetings with Israelis are controversial – a parliamentarian named Tawfik Okasha was heavily reprimanded for sitting down with the Israeli ambassador last year. Israel reopened its embassy, albeit in smaller quarters, in September 2015, four years after an angry mob stormed it during the chaos of the Arab Spring. “We're working together for the sake of stability and prosperity in the Middle East. Egypt will always be the largest and most important state in our region,” then-Foreign Ministry director-general Dore Gold said. However, reports noted that the embassy building itself would not be re-opened and the ambassador's residence would be used until a suitable location could be found.
While they are re-opening their embassy in Cairo, they are shuttering their embassy in Wellington.
This shows the relationship with Israel is multi-layered. Large portions of the population are hostile to Israel, fed by populist media. That may have changed slightly for the better in recent years. “There is still a lot of hearsay and conspiracy theories going on,” said Ayman el-Khatib, a former teacher. There is a bifurcation between the political and diplomatic level – which officially demands that Israel make peace with the Palestinians and sees the Palestinian issue as a core of the region's problems – and the strategic and military sector, which sees potential in cooperation with Israel. Egypt and Israel quietly share strategic interests in the region. Egypt's leadership sees the result of the Arab Spring as incredible instability and rising Islamist extremism. In discussions with people knowledgeable of the current situation, it was stressed that Cairo views the conflict today in the region as one between political Islam, such as the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliates, and more traditionally “secular” regimes. It also fears the rising influence of Iran as Iranian proxies in Yemen, Lebanon and Iraq creep closer to Cairo's eastern flank. In this set-up Israel is a key ally. Egypt treads a fine line in its relations with Saudi Arabia and Syria. It needs financial support from the Gulf, but wants to retain its traditional position as a military and cultural powerhouse in the region and see Islamist extremism defeated.
So, the country that scares Egypt the most is Iran, ironically the very country that Murray McCully is cuddling up to. The same country that funds a good proportion of Islamic terrorism and supplies them with arms…like McCully's other mates in the region, the Saudis. I'm deadly serious when I say that Bill English and Murray McCully has aligned us with terrorists.
On December 22, Egypt withdrew a draft UN Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements, after what reports described as “frantic” lobbying by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's spokesperson told reporters that they would allow the incoming US administration of Donald Trump to address the issue. In an embarrassment for Cairo, the Security Council then passed a resolution a day later that was submitted by New Zealand, Venezuela, Senegal and Malaysia. Egypt ended up supporting a resolution it had withdrawn.
It is an embarrassment for Bill English and Murray McCully that we sponsored that dreadful resolution.
A reader writes
This sponsored ad appeared in my news feed on Facebook. Either this wing of the party is renegaded, or the Greens haven't got the message yet.
No. The party is still conflicted between a number of issues. Going down with Metiria as the Greens poll less than 5% is actually what some Green voters want. They want to be seen to be supporting taxpayer and electoral fraud because… comrades.
At the other end of the conundrum, there are some people that realise the survival of the Green party is leaving them with a bath tub full of dead rats to swallow. Each.
In the end, as the wonderful phrase goes, the party is the author of its own destruction. If somehow they survive, I do hope they have a candidate that has aggravated assault in their background. Next year they can run on a “I beat women to a pulp 20 years ago, and family violence is still an issue today. Vote for me to stand strong with me as we try and change the law so people are no longer put under such mental strain that they beat women”.
LAHORE: Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif, the two Pakistani cricketers suspended after spot-fixing allegations, arrived in Lahore from Dubai and appeared before a panel of Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB).
The two players faced the probe committee at Lahore's National Cricket Academy. They are likely to be charge-sheeted over match-fixing attempts in Pakistan Super League (PSL).
Three more players, Mohammad Irfan of Islamabad United, Quetta's Zulfiqar Babar and Shahzaib Hasan of Karachi Kings were also quizzed but cleared of any wrong-doing.
British police said Tuesday they had made two arrests in connection with bribery offences as part of an investigation into the spot-fixing.
A statement issued by Britain's National Crime Agency said, “Two men in their thirties” were arrested on Monday and had been released on bail until April 2017 pending further enquiries.
However, sources said the arrested men were former Pakistani batsman Nasir Jamshed and a person named Yousuf, who is a suspect in the PSL spot-fixing investigation.
The NCA statement added: “We are working closely with CPB and International Cricket Council's anti-corruption units.
The Pakistan Cricket Board has launched its own investigation which has resulted in the suspension of three players – Sharjeel Khan, Khalid Latif and Nasir Jamshed – all have represented Pakistan in international cricket.
Sharjeel and Latif have been suspended by the Pakistan Cricket Board from the ongoing Pakistan Super League domestic Twenty20 tournament in the United Arab Emirates following accusations they met a suspicious person linked to an international betting syndicate.
Jamshed, who made the last of 68 appearances for Pakistan across all three formats nearly two years ago, is not taking part in the PSL.
Nevertheless, the PCB said Monday they had been provisionally suspended from all forms of cricket for “violating its anti-corruption code”.
The PSL, a five-team tournament, is largely being played in the UAE because of security concerns although Lahore is the scheduled venue for next month's final.
Sharjeel and Latif, playing for Islamabad United in the PSL, were sent home last week following what the PCB said was an “an ongoing investigation into an international syndicate which is believed to be attempting to corrupt the Pakistan Super League.”
Monday saw PCB chief Shaharyar Khan vow officials would seek a “deterrent” punishment if Sharjeel and Latif, were found guilty of spot-fixing.
The PCB would take a strong stand so that players no longer think “they can do something and play after four or five years so that no one dares to do it again”, they told media in Dubai.
Sharjeel has a contract with English county side Leicestershire to play in the domestic Twenty20 Blast tournament later this year.
A spokesperson told foreign media on Friday that the club would be making no comment on the investigation or the status of Sharjeel's contract.
Sharjeel, 27 and Latif, 31, shared a blistering century opening partnership during Pakistan's crushing nine-wicket victory over England in a lone Twenty20 international at Old Trafford in September
Pakistan faced criticism for allowing Mohammed Amir to return to international cricket after he, together with team-mates Salman Butt and Mohammed Asif, was involved in a spot-fixing scandal during a 2010 Lord's Test against England that saw the trio jailed and given five-year bans from the sport.
When Kathy Lampi's mom died of cancer last June, they placed the velvet bag filled with their mom's ashes on a shelf in their china cabinet. Lampi thought that was a fitting place for their mom to rest until they could plan a proper burial.
Then in October the Northern California fires reduced Lampi's two-story house in Santa Rosa to six inches of rubble. Them mom's ashes were now mixed in with the ashes of their sofa and front door.
"I thought, 'Well, geez, I better get somebody out here to try and find her,' " Lampi said when they thought of the Army Corps of Engineers coming to clear the wreckage from their lot. "I didn't want them to go to a landfill."
Enter the archaeologists and forensic search dogs. Alex DeGeorgey and Mike Newland, both archaeology consultants in the Northern San Francisco Bay, joined forces with Echo, an English Labrador, and Annie, a Belgian Malinois, from the Institute for Canine Forensics, to look for lost urns and human cremains in the wildfire wreckage.
"We start imprinting them at a very young age and introducing that target odor," said Kris Black, Annie's trainer. "I feed them when they find what their target source is."
In this case, human bone.
The typical jobs for dogs from the institute have been on Native American tribal lands, looking for lost burial sites. They've been on special missions looking for the remains of Amelia Earhart and members of the Donner Party. This fall is the first time these kinds of dogs have been used to recover human ashes from wildfire disaster sites.
The dogs are brought into each wreckage site one at a time. At the remains of Kathy Lampi's home, Echo, the English Labrador, went first. They sniffed around, their nose gliding over the ground with the speed and grace of an ice skater. When they found what they were looking for, they lay down next to it.
"There's my alert," said Karen Atkinson, Echo's handler, as Echo rested by the remaining bricks of the front stairway. "So she's telling me she's made them decision."
Echo went back to the truck, and Annie, the Belgian Malinois, did the search again from scratch, to try and guard against false positives. They lay down in the same spot Echo picked.
Once the dogs have narrowed down the site, the archeologists zero in. DeGeorgey and Newland zipped up their full-body Tyvex suits, grabbed their trowels and started digging.
"We're looking for a pocket of ash that's homogenous," DeGeorgey said through a protective face mask. "It's usually kind of a reddish brown."
Sometimes, they find it. A discrete pile of red ash, with bits of bone or teeth in it. But 10 minutes in, DeGeorgey sighed. They said this is one of the hardest recoveries they've worked on.
"The deal here is, we're trying to find ashes within ashes," they said. "It's not always that definitive."
So far, the archeologist-canine teams have recovered nearly 50 sets of ashes from the wreckage of the Wine Country fires. But their efforts are all volunteer and they've been limited to working on the weekends. DeGeorgey thinks there are hundreds, maybe thousands more.
"I'm sure the scale of this issue is really an epidemic," DeGeorgey said. "There are hundreds, if not thousands, of cremains in these burnt-out homes that are ending up in toxic waste sites."
The process they've developed to identify cremains is new and not part of the cleanup protocol for FEMA or the Army Corps of Engineers. DeGeorgey said it should be. They want these services to be available to victims of the wildfires in Ventura and San Diego counties, and any future fire, hurricane or earthquake.
DeGeorgey said when a disaster happens and people start filling out paperwork associated with insurance claims, one question should be: Did you have human remains in the house? If yes, they said it should trigger the cremains search process.
On site, DeGeorgey noticed Newland sweeping a lighter pocket of ash from Kathy Lampi's stairway into a dustpan.
"What Michael's showing us looks pretty good," DeGeorgey said.
"A lot of it's almost a texture thing," Newland said, rubbing some ash between their fingers. "You can see how finely powdered this is."
DeGeorgey scooped the ash into a gallon-size Ziploc bag. Annie came out for one last sniff around the site and immediately plopped down next to the bag. Kathy and their family cheered.
"You're hired!" DeGeorgey joked, then walked the bag over to Lampi.
"Here's your mom," they said.
"Thank you very much," Lampi said. "There they are. Wow."
Lampi tucked the Ziploc bag under their arm.
"It's nice to know that she's been found, and now we can do the right burial for her," they said. "I think everybody in the family wants to be able to go where they are and be with her."
“Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.” Winston Churchill
“Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof.” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
The total solar eclipse is just a week away and Oregon transportation officials are bracing for the influx of up to one million visitors to the state. They're urging travelers to treat it as a 3 or 4 day event even though the eclipse itself will only last 3 hours.
ODOT's Dave Thompson says virtually every road leading into and out of the path of totality will be affected by eclipse traffic.
“The days of ‘I know the back roads, I can get there the secret way, are gone because of GPS. Everybody has it in their car. All the rental cars have it so the visitors know just as much through their GPS as we do for the secret ways around.”
Thompson says he's especially concerned about people who think they can leave early Monday morning to head to an eclipse viewing spot. An even bigger nightmare is if hundreds of thousands of people try to drive home right after the eclipse.
“They won't go anywhere very fast at all. There's no capacity to handle that much traffic. So, people need to be prepared for sticking around for a while. I'd rather stick around somewhere comfortable rather than in my car waiting for traffic to move.”
Thompson says ODOT will have trucks on patrol to help when people break down along the road.
They'll also have reader boards on major highways updating road conditions.
Copyright 2017 KLCC.
Wealth and health are definitely connected. But race is also a significant factor, with black residents facing health outcomes that lag behind those of white New Jerseyans — often significantly — over the span a lifetime.
Those are among the conclusions of data released last week as part of the annual County Health Rankings, a national report produced by the New Jersey-based Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the University of Wisconsin Population Health Institute. The findings compare counties across the nation on measures like low birth-weight babies, poor health days, and early death — as well as factors that impact these outcomes, including smoking, education levels, and obesity.
Racial disparities in health have become a growing focus in recent years, and Dr. Shereef Elnahal, the acting commissioner of the state Department of Health, has made it a priority to reduce these gaps, which they called “embarrassingly high” at a recent hearing. “Needless to say, we have much work ahead to improve New Jersey's public health,” they told the Senate Judiciary committee earlier this month.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From lardy cakes to loaded fries, here are some of the county's best guilty pleasure foods.
Treat yourself this weekend with one of these indulgent treats available in cafes and market stalls across Gloucestershire.
Here are seven guilty pleasure foods you NEED to try:
1. Lardy cake
Jane's Pantry (various locations)
There may be debate over whether the spiced dough treat is called a lardy cake or a dripper, but everyone can agree they are delicious.
2. French dip
The Tavern, Royal Well Place, Cheltenham
The French Dip is famous with locals and consists of a hot dog bun filled with brisket beef and melted cheese - don't forget to dunk it in the gravy.
3. Pancake stacks
Hubble Bubble Coffe House, Westgate Street, Gloucester
Get in the mood for Shrove Tuesday with a huge pancake stack with the choice of fruit compote or maple syrup and bacon as a topping.
4. Sausage Roll
Janes Pantry (various locations)
A second entry from the Gloucestershire bakery chain but we couldn't resist as they simply are the best sausage rolls in Gloucestershire.
5. Dirty burgers
Burger Star, Bath Road, Cheltenham
Delicious burgers at a bargain price with the original quarter pounder costing just £4.25.
But it's definitely worth paying the extra £1 for delicious extras including chorizo, cheese and bacon.
6. Fish and Chips
Malt and Anchor, Castle Street, Cirencester
Recently voted the best newcomer at the Fish and Chip Awards 2018 , you can even enjoy prosecco or craft ale with your food.
7. Tofish
Simpsons Fish and Chips, Priors Road, Cheltenham/Bedford Street, Stroud
Simspons was named the best in the UK at the National Fish and Chip Awards 2016 and alongside its classics serves a range of gluten-free, vegetarian and vegan options.
Since launching Tofish last year, the vegan alternative has proved very popular with customers.
8. Sausage Baguette
Farmhouse Deli, Gloucester
Everyone in Gloucester raves about this place and once you've tried their sausage baguettes you can see why.
All the sausages are made by the Deli and are served in a crusty baguette with a choice of sauces.
9. Falafel wraps
Funky Falafel, Stroud and Gloucester Farmers Market
A regular at Gloucester and Stroud Farmers markets and the perfect weekend treat for meat-eaters and vegetarians alike.
× Annual Exhibit Held to Memorialize Victims of Domestic Abuse
SCRANTON — An annual exhibit was held Friday night at the Century Club of Scranton.
Empty Place at the Table is designed to raise awareness of domestic and sexual violence.
Victims of domestic abuse are memorialized at the dinner table with special place settings, their names, mementos and stories.
“I could have cried when I read some of these stories of these people, there's a little baby on there, there are little boys that were burned in a fire. It's just so touching and the women who have tried to get away from these abusers and the abusers follow them and kill them. It's really just touching to see,” said Leni Piasky, Century Club of Scranton.
“We began this project in 1993 and I think we only had six settings at the time and now we're up to almost 30 and you know it's to memorialize the lives of women and children who died too soon at the hands of an abuser,” said Peg Ruddy, Women's Resource Center.
This year's exhibit was a partnership between the Century Club of Scranton and the Women's Resource Center.
Who do role models consider their role models?
For aerie's role models, who include actor Yara Shahidi, gold medal gymnast Aly Raisman, and curvy model and body activist Iskra Lawrence, the answer is simple: their mothers.
“We decided to include mothers in the campaign because when we asked our role models who inspire them, their mothers was their number one answer,” said Jen Foyle, aerie global brand president. “And aerie is designed to be worn by any age.”
Shahidi was joined by Keri Shahidi, Raisman posed with their mother, Lynn Raisman and sister Chloe Raisman, and Lawrence took pictures with Wilma Lawrence wearing aerie's swimwear.
According to Foyle, aerie, which has pushed self-love and empowerment with a no-retouching policy on imagery, these campaigns have had a positive effect on the bottom line. Aerie is up double digits over the last year and saw a large spark within the 30 days of launching the Aerie Real Role Model campaign. The innerwear brand is set to open a store in New York's SoHo in mid-June.
By The Associated Press
TEGA CAY, S.C. (AP) — An anonymous person dropped a single gold coin worth about $1,200 in a Salvation Army kettle in South Carolina.
Multiple media outlets report the one-ounce South African Krugerrand was dropped into a Salvation Army kettle during a fundraising drive at a Walmart store in Tega Cay.
The coin will likely be sold to a jeweler's store with proceeds going to Salvation Army programs.
Mike McGee of the Salvation Army in Rock Hill says a typical kettle fundraiser will raise about $300 a day.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
GREEN SHOOTS: Livia Firth's brand consultancy Eco-Age gathered industry figures, including Italian Chamber of Fashion president Carlo Capasa, entrepreneur Carmen Busquets and British Vogue editor-in-chief Edward Enninful on the sidelines of Paris Couture Week to select the five finalists of its talent competition for emerging designers.
The 13 jury members met in a makeshift conference room in a stuffy apartment on Tuesday to look at the work of 10 shortlisted designers. The finalists will attend the second edition of The Green Carpet Fashion Awards, to be held on Sept. 23 at La Scala at the end of Milan Fashion Week.
The winner of the Franca Sozzani GCC Emerging Designer Award will have the opportunity to present at Milan Fashion Week in February, supported by the Italian Chamber of Fashion.
In addition, they will benefit from a one-year mentorship program with outlet center operator Value Retail, which earlier this year changed its name to Bicester Village Shopping Collection. Their collections will be featured in The Creative Spot, a platform dedicated to showcase new talents at Fidenza Village, just outside of Milan.
The finalists brands are Gilberto Calzolari, whose look was created using jute coffee bags from Brazil; Teatum Jones, who created a dress made from recycled polyester and Lenzing modal, a fabric derived from responsibly sourced wood; Behno, which presented a gown fashioned from unused garments and a yarn made by recycling discarded fishing nets and carpets; Davide Grillo, whose gown featured hand-painted designs using onion skin, logwood, and walnut shell, and Wrad, whose look featured dyes created with recycled graphite powder instead of chemical dyes.
In a press conference that clocked in at less than four minutes, Capasa revealed the winners. “It was quite difficult because we found a very high quality of work and all the judges were quite impressed,” they said, as fellow judges Petra Nemcova and Ellie Goulding looked on.
“This day must be for you the start of a journey going into the future to look at your job and fashion in a different way and trying to give a different perspective of fashion,” they added.
Jury member Christopher Bevans, the founder and creative director of Dyne men's wear, also had some words of advice for the five who didn't make it, recalling that they were a finalist of last year's CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund but did not go on to win.
“Continue to focus on your business and to stay with sustainability: it's the future. You're the future. You're going to one day get picked up by a big house and it's going to be your job to implement these systems in their supply chain, supporting other designers as they grow and as you grow in your business, and it's going to be exciting to see what you continue to do,” they said.
FORT MITCHELL, Ala. — Tuesday, a man who suffered from addiction for more than 30 years is walking across the U.S. in an effort to promote awareness.
He's celebrating 16 months of sobriety Tuesday and they happened to make a stop in the Chattahoochee Valley.
“Here I come Columbus!”
Meet Jim Downs of Florida. We caught up with them in Fort Mitchell as they were headed towards Columbus. They began their walk across the U.S. February first in Panama City, Florida and it's all in an effort to promote awareness about addiction.
“It started when I was 12-years-old…well eleven: smoking, stealing, my parents cigarettes, which immediately graduated to stealing beers. At the age of 14 I did my first line of methamphetamine,” says Downs
Downs say addiction in their adult life started to take a turn for the worse.
“Never been particular. If somebody put any drug in front of me I would do it. I would try it. You put it in front of me, it would be like a buffet to me, I didn't care,” says Downs.
Downs says, their life changed forever in 2015.
“Went in to recovery October 19th, 2015. I don't know why.I was not a believer in God. I was God-hater and the only program that would accept me was a free faith-based program,” says Downs.
Downs says during their recovery they met a man who became their best friend. Sadly the friend relapsed and eventually died of an overdose.
“I've learned how to surrender and listen to that voice and I realize that I knew the beginning process, the during process of addiction through myself, but I didn't know what the end process was… The end result..and that was death,” says Downs.
Downs says he's walking across America to prove that with the help of God, every one can overcome any thing.
Downs is expected to complete almost 300 miles ending their addiction awareness hike in Canada. They say he's slated to finish some time this summer.
Tim Kolling and Torey Berndt join the show to discuss the new restaurant in town, Topeka Pizza.
Dawn Hammatt from the Eisenhower Library joins the show to talk about all of the changes going on at the center and the modern look they are giving the building.
Local jazz band The Jasper Shrake Quartet performs live in studio!
Photo courtesy of Henri Selmer Paris.
Topeka Pizza
Dawn Hammatt Interview PT 1
Dawn Hammatt Interview PT 2
Jasper Shrake Performance
0:35 Rougned Odor's two-homer night signals their slump is behind them Pause
1:08 Another state softball title and 30 wins makes Keller ace Star-Telegram player of the year
0:49 Nick Martinez didn't figure in the decision but held the Astros to two runs Tuesday night
1:27 Jeff Banister on Rougned Odor's big night and Nick Martinez's start
2:13 Colleyville's Alex Scherff, drafted by Red Sox, is Star-Telegram Player of the Year
0:43 Cowboys CB Orlando Scandrick "My time is now"
2:29 First day of Cowboys minicamp with Clarence and Drew
1:40 2017 College World Series: Meet the teams and key players
0:43 Jeremy Jeffress closed out Monday's win with two scoreless innings
A war hero who played their part in the D-Day landings has received a top honour from the French Government.
James Routledge was just 21-years-old when they took part in the landings on the Normandy beaches.
James Routledge during their military days.
They were in the Combined Operation section of the Royal Navy, an electrician onboard a tanklanding craft with Canadian military that set off from the Isle of Wight.
Now they and other Normandy veterans have been presented with the French Legion of Honour Medal – the highest honour the French Government can bestow.
James, now 94, said: “I have had the great privilege of being appointed to the rank of Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur with a beautiful medal.”
Their role in the D-Day landings was to sail within two miles of Juno Beach and help launch the 5 D D (floating) tanks, then wait offshore and help either recover the soldiers if the mission failed, or bring in more supplies.
James' French Legion of Honour Medal. Picture by Jane Coltman
Unfortunately, rough sea conditions on the day meant they had to land the tanks right on the beach, where they came under German attack.
The flotilla lead was due to be first to land but their stern swung around and collided with James' craft, damaging the door mechanism.
Stranded on the coastline, the tank was forced to drive over the sloping door to force it down.
It made it onto the beach where it then took out a German heavy machine gun firing from a church steeple in the local village.
James, of Whitley Bay, said: “By the time the Germans realised they were being invaded, they were throwing all sorts of horrible explosives at us.
“We received quite a bit of damage but fortunately no casualties. Other craft were not so fortunate and two were left ashore badly damaged.”
After helping secure the beachhead, James and their colleagues headed back to Southampton but not before seeing more devastation on the beach.
James, who left the Navy when the war ended, added: “We were very fortunate that our crew came out of it unhurt but there were scenes too horrible to describe and will live in my memory for ever.”
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
HONG KONG (AP) — The weekend launch of a U.S. futures contract for bitcoin reflects widespread acceptance of the virtual currency, especially among investors in Asia, though regulators are wary.
Japan and South Korea are among the world's top five markets for bitcoin trading, according to sites that track trading volume by currency. Here's a glance at the digital currency's rise in some of the region's major markets:
___
JAPAN:
Japan was home to one of the earliest bitcoin communities, but it was started by expatriate residents and kept a low profile. Until a few years ago, bitcoin and other virtual currencies were left alone by regulators.
Following the failure of a bitcoin exchange called Mt. Gox, new laws were enacted to regulate bitcoin and other virtual currencies. Japan is the only major advanced economy with a licensing regime for digital currency intermediaries such as exchanges and payment providers.
That has helped make Japan the world's biggest market for speculative virtual currency trading, said Thomas Glucksmann, Hong Kong-based head of marketing for Gatecoin, a virtual currency exchange.
“There was very little interest back than at all and now it's a complete 360,” said Glucksmann. “It's the biggest market, everybody's talking about it.”
Big Japanese banks have gotten involved, investing in bitcoin exchanges or letting them open bank accounts while developing their own related services. Some retailers accept payment in bitcoin.
Many Japanese are familiar with currency trading since Japan is the world's biggest retail foreign exchange market.
“You have people like hairdressers and housewives, people like that investing in crypto, in addition to the bigger players in Japan,” said Glucksmann, who used to work at a bitcoin exchange in Japan. “So the regulations have helped to fuel a lot of the legitimacy in the Japanese market.”
___
SOUTH KOREA:
About a year and half ago, South Korea emerged as a very large market for speculative trading activities thanks to investors' high risk appetite and fears of missing out.
Now, just as the government prepares to regulate virtual currencies, big financial institutions are starting to get in on the action. Shinhan Bank is planning to offer virtual currency services like a bitcoin wallet,
Worried over risks of speculative trading, in September South Korea banned initial coin offerings, or raising money through bitcoin or other virtual currencies.
Senior officials at South Korea's financial watchdog have compared speculative trading in bitcoin to a “Ponzi scheme” and say they are mulling a ban.
“We will not let financial institutions handle transactions related to virtual currencies,” said Kim Yongbeom, vice chairperson at Financial Services Commission, according to a media pool report Monday. “The price of virtual currencies rises because of the expectation that the next person will buy it at the desired price and this is quite like a Ponzi scheme.”
Chairman Choi Jong-gu said one option is a total ban on virtual currencies, which would require revising existing legislation or enacting new laws.
Still, bitcoin sells for a 20-30 percent premium in South Korean compared to other places, and this has spurred offshore trading to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities as South Koreans buy bitcoin overseas and sell them back home.
___
CHINA:
For a brief time, China dominated bitcoin trading, at one point reportedly accounting for as much as 90 percent of volume. That dried up after Beijing tightened controls.
The lively bitcoin market had been set up by bitcoin miners, who had set up data centers taking advantage of China's cheap electricity and hardware to handle the intensive computing processes needed to “mine” new bitcoin.
China started cracked down on such activities last year just as the price of bitcoin began to surge. In September, regulators ordered all exchanges to shut down, banning initial coin offerings.
China's bitcoin exchanges have since migrated overseas or shifted to over-the-counter trading where exchanges match buyers and sellers who then connect through chat apps like Telegram. Payment is made in cash or through bank transfers and the exchange collects a fee.
Some mainland China exchanges have refocused their efforts on their Hong Kong operations, said Leo Weese, president of the Bitcoin Association of Hong Kong. They estimate there are about 10,000 bitcoin users in the Asian financial hub, including 1,000-2,000 active investors who have significant holdings or work for bitcoin related companies.
Weese estimates that bitcoin prices are 5-8 percent higher in mainland China than Hong Kong. Speculators who can get around China's strict capital controls to profit from the price difference are driving some trading activity in the city, Weese said.
“For them it's a way to make money,” they said. “They can buy the bitcoin in Hong Kong cheaply and they can sell them at a premium in China.”
___
SOUTHEAST ASIA:
Bitcoin's rising popularity in Indonesia has alarmed the country's central bank, which said last week it would ban it as a payment method next year.
Bank Indonesia spokesperson Agusman Zainal said more a “assertive rule” on virtual currencies is planned.
They said the bank is concerned bitcoin might be used for fraud or other illegal activities like terrorism, money laundering, prostitution, drug trafficking.
“In the context of the payment system, bitcoin is not a valid means of payment,” Zainal said. “The reason for prohibiting is in order to implement prudential principles, safeguard business competition, risk control and consumer protection.”
____
AP Writers Niniek Karmini in Jakarta and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A new children's play facility is set to open in Warwick.
The new attraction, which is called ‘Children's Play Village', is set to open early next year on Hampton Road.
The Warwick Play Village.
Children's Play Village is being created by Shelley Corbett and Alan Gleeson and has been in the making for two years.
Shelley said: “We started looking at the concept around two years ago and we wanted to create something special for children to play in and enjoy with their families. We decided to focus on imaginative and physical play.
“We both have business backgrounds but this is our first play village. This was something that got our imaginations going and ticked all of our personal passion boxes.”
The pair both live in Sutton Coldfield and decided that the Warwick site was the best place for their new venture.
The Warwick Play Village.
Shelley said: “We were looking around the area and around suitable sites and Warwick ticked all of our boxes and is a lovely place to be and it just seemed to be the perfect site.”
The play village offers children the opportunity to role-play in different settings such as a florist and a construction site, where they can let their imaginations take over.
Shelley said: “We wanted to give children the sense that they are in a real village. We have roads, artificial grass and it really looks like a village square.
“We have areas such as a tearoom, a salon, a vet, a fire station, a supermarket, a theatre and a construction site.
The Warwick Play Village.
“The village is ideal for children aged three and above where they will be able to play independently or with their parents or carers.
“Those under three can explore the play village with parental supervision and also play in our under three's play area. For babies and crawlers under 12 months we have a dedicated, separate area for play in the ‘Village Square'.
“There will also be play facilitators, who are members of staff, that will be around the village to create a bit of drama and imagination.
“We are looking to run three play sessions a day. When we started to look at this idea we did a parents survey to test out the idea and there were lots of comments about overcrowding so we kept that in mind.”
The play village has already been constructed and the finishing touches are now being made to the building.
Shelley and Alan are looking to open the play attraction at the end of January and since launching their website and Facebook page they have gained a lot of support and followers.
Shelley said: “The welcome from the local community has just been incredible, with different businesses and locals getting in touch on our website and our Facebook page. We hope that we will be well received when we open.”
Shelley and Alan are currently recruiting for members of staff in a variety of roles. For information about the jobs available and how to apply click here.
To visit the Warwick Play Village Facebook Page click here.
Here are some things to know as the Nittany Lions try to stay unbeaten while the Wildcats look to pull off a surprising win:
DO IT ALL
Tops in the nation at 243.6 all-purpose yards per game, Barkley has been doing it all for Penn State. They have scored rushing, receiving and return touchdowns, and they ran back the opening kickoff 98 yards for a score against Indiana last week.
"He's got great vision, he's got great balance, he's got great speed, and he's got great toughness," Fitzgerald said. "Amazing vision, and he's just durable, he's tough. And then they catch the ball the same way; they return the ball the same way."
RECORD IN REACH
With 4,402 yards rushing, Northwestern's Justin Jackson needs 83 to tie Damien Anderson's school record.
"Everyone keeps bringing it up a lot," they said. "Our goals as a team are to win the Big Ten West and obviously last week wasn't what we wanted."
Jackson ran for 25 yards against Wisconsin after missing practice all week because of a leg injury.
"He's obviously a really good running back," Penn State defensive end Ryan Buchholz said. "He has good size and speed for that offence, and the offensive line moves really well."
GESICKI UPDATE
Star tight end Mike Gesicki apparently will be available for Penn State. Franklin said they expect them to play after they left last week's game with an upper body injury. They exited after taking a hard hit following a short reception in the second quarter against Indiana.
TOUGH STRETCH
Penn State is off next week. After that comes a tough combo: The Nittany Lions host Michigan on Oct. 21 and visit Ohio State on the 28th.
SHAKY HAND
Northwestern quarterback Clayton Thorson completed a career-high 29 passes for 219 yards and three touchdowns against Wisconsin. But they also got picked off twice. Thorson has almost as many interceptions (five) as touchdown passes (seven).
__
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org/ and www.Twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Andrew Seligman, The Associated Press
Halo Site Donor 2016
Join Date: May 2002 Location: New Orleans, LA Posts: 15,904 Blog Entries: 45
Mavericks looking like 'serious contenders' to sign Jrue Holiday, their brother, Justin: report
Read the full article at NOLA.com... Holiday played 67 games with the Pelicans last season and averaged 15.4 points and 7.3 assists.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Police in Florida say a dog named Scarface attacked a family who tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress it Friday and their husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off them Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard. They ended up in the hospital.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where two children were. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on Scarface before catching it.
Kathleen Rusch
Staff Writer
Many students that are preparing to enter the job market spend hours creating their LinkedIn profile. They carefully search for the proper words to describe their work experience while tirelessly listing the achievements they're most proud of. However, some students are concerned that they won't be judged based on their career and academic accomplishments, but instead their race, gender, religion, or health conditions. As a result, some students may be left wondering what information is best for their chances of being considered by recruiters.
After creating a LinkedIn profile, students are encouraged to upload a photo of themselves for hiring managers. However, a discussion on LinkedIn questions whether users should upload a photo due to hiring discrimination. The discussion asks whether job applicants should handle discrimination from hiring managers upfront by publishing a profile photo or removing the photo and handling any issues later during an interview. To address hiring discrimination, LinkedIn published an article last year describing how some companies are trying to eliminate discrimination from the hiring process.
Students are warned by their parents and professors to monitor what they post online in case a hiring manager finds their personal profiles. While some students are aware of the consequences of posting pictures that reveal questionable character, they may not be aware that posts that allude to their religion, health, or previous job experiences can have consequences as well. Although it's illegal for hiring managers to discriminate based on a person's religion or health, there may still be bias when they learn of an applicant's religion or a chronic health condition.
Unfortunately, bias and discrimination will inevitably be a part of the hiring process, and students will need to consider what information they want to make available to potential employers. For further assistance, Benedictine students who are struggling with building their LinkedIn profiles or other career-related preparations can contact the Academic and Career Enrichment Center to speak to a career adviser.
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 9,905 Blog Entries: 2
Public Service restaurant at NOPSI Hotel opens July 6
Chef Dustin Brien will helm the kitchen at Public Service, when the new restaurant opens inside the
The luxury boutique hotel opens to the public on July 6 in the historic building on the corner of Baronne and Union streets, which once was the headquarters for New Orleans Public Service Inc., the city?s public utility and streetcar operator.? Chef Dustin Brien will helm the kitchen at Public Service, when the new restaurant opens inside the NOPSI Hotel *(317 Baronne St.) next month.The luxury boutique hotel opens to the public on July 6 in the historic building on the corner of Baronne and Union streets, which once was the headquarters for New Orleans Public Service Inc., the city?s public utility and streetcar operator.?
Take today to bask in the warmth of the sun… and last night's win.
With clear skies and a high of 9 C, today's forecast is ideal for high-fiving between Sens fans.
The clouds – and the Bruins – might have other ideas for the rest of the week.
Wednesday, Thursday and most of Friday will bring healthy amounts of rain.
Another 20-25mm could be added to April's rainfall totals when it's all said and done.
Hopefully, water levels in the area will recede enough today to keep things civilized during the wetter part of the week.
Tonight's low is expected to be around 2 C.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Eric Thames would like to erase the last six weeks from their memory.
The Milwaukee Brewers infielder took a big step in that direction on Wednesday. Thames homered and drove in three runs, Matt Garza pitched five innings in their first start after a short stint on the disabled list, and the Brewers held on to beat the St. Louis Cardinals 7-6.
Eric Sogard added a two-run double to lead a four-run second inning as Milwaukee improved to 18-13 on the road.
Thames came into the contest in a 1-for-15 skid. They were hitting just .108 in June and posted a .221 mark in May. Signed as a free agent in November after three seasons in Korea, Thames was one of the hottest hitters in the National League in April and set a franchise record with 11 home runs.
But May and June have not been that kind.
“The last month and a half, it's just been a grind,” Thames said. “But that's baseball. I'm going to keep fighting, keep plugging away, keep adjusting.”
Milwaukee manager Craig Counsell was happy to see Thames break out.
“Two big hits, they got us out to a big lead,” Counsell said.
Aledmys Diaz hit a two-run homer for the Cardinals, who nearly recovered after falling behind 6-0. St. Louis has lost two in a row after winning four straight.
Closer Corey Knebel came on with two outs in the top of the eighth after a one-hour rain delay and got the last four outs for their 10th save in 13 chances.
Thames ripped a two-run homer in the first and an RBI double in the second against starter Mike Leake (5-6).
Garza (3-2) allowed four runs and five hits. They suffered a chest contusion while running into teammate Jesus Aguilar on June 3 and missed one start.
“I was just telling myself, “slow down, catch your breath, keep going,” Garza said. “They barreled a lot more balls up than I wanted them to. But that's the nature of the beast.”
Milwaukee tallied six runs on six hits over the first two innings against Leake, who dropped their fourth successive decision. Leake bounced back with four scoreless innings after the rough start.
“He figured it out and sailed,” St. Louis manager Mike Matheny said.
Diaz's blast off reliever Jacob Barnes in the eighth brought St. Louis to 7-6.
The contest was delayed twice by rain, with the delays totaling 1 hour, 50 minutes.
FIRST INNING MAGIC
The Cardinals had given up a total of just two runs in the opening inning during their first 34 home games. Thames doubled that total with their two-run homer.
WONG REMOVED
St. Louis INF Kolten Wong was removed before the sixth inning due to right forearm tightness.
Wong, who went 1 for 2, has hit safely in six consecutive games since coming off the disabled list June 6 with a left elbow strain.
“He was favoring it, they couldn't really throw,” St. Louis manager Mike Matheny said. “I think it happened on (a) check swing. We'll have them looked at closely.”
TRAINER'S ROOM
Brewers: RHP Garza was removed from the 10-day disabled list in time for the start. RHP Neftali Feliz was designated for assignment to make room for Garza.
Cardinals: LHP Marco Gonzales was returned to Triple-A Memphis after they started the second game of the day-night doubleheader on Tuesday. Gonzales gave up five runs on six hits in 3 1/3 innings.
UP NEXT
Brewers: RHP Zach Davies (7-3, 4.74) will start in the final game of the four-game series on Thursday. Davies is 2-0 with a 2.81 ERA in five career starts against St. Louis.
Cardinals: RHP Michael Wacha (3-3, 4.50) will start for the Cardinals in the finale game of a seven-game homestand. Wacha has gone six innings or more in eight of 11 starts this season. They have a 4-0 career mark against the Brewers.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Bengals receiver A.J. Green says their injured right hamstring is feeling good, but they won't play in the Pro Bowl.
Green severely strained the hamstring on Nov. 20 and didn't play the rest of the season. They practiced without a problem and accompanied Cincinnati (6-9-1) to Houston for a game on Dec. 24, but the front office decided to hold them out.
Green said on Monday that their leg feels fine and they had no problems in practice leading up to the game in Houston. They say the leg doesn't need surgery and will be fully healed in a couple of weeks.
They were picked for their sixth straight Pro Bowl, but says they won't play because of the injury.
Advertisement
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
A 51-year-old whose appalling behaviour has caused misery to people and businesses in Harrogate has been banned from drinking in the street for five years.
Paul Nelson, 51, who has dozens of previous convictions, was handed the Criminal Behaviour Order after their latest conviction before the town's magistrates for begging and public order offences.
Posters are going up around the town so members of the public know the terms of the order, which say they must not be drunk in a public place, be in possession of alcohol or cause upset to people. Suspected breaches should be reported to police on 101.
If Nelson breaks the order - which is in force until May 2022 - they could face a jail term.
PC Graham Wilson, of Harrogate Police, said: “Harrogate is a thriving town with a vibrant atmosphere and very low levels of crime. Although there will always be an element of crime and anti-social behaviour in any busy town centre, unfortunately Nelson's dreadful behaviour has been a public nuisance for many years.
“I hope this order sends a strong message that we will not tolerate this kind of behaviour, and continue to work closely with our partners to take robust action against those who persistently cause a misery to those who visit, work or live in Harrogate.”
Coun Mike Chambers is Harrogate Borough Council's Cabinet Member for Safer Communities. They said: “Harrogate Borough Council and the police are working hard to tackle anti-social behaviour in our district. It is important that residents, visitors and businesses feel safe and a Criminal Behaviour Order is an effective means of addressing this issue, giving the clear message to offenders that their actions will not be tolerated.”
AS PRESIDENT Juan Carlos Varela seeks to distance themselves from “donations” from the Odebrecht construction company which since their election has received billions of dollars in government contracts, manager of Tocumen International Airport and treasurer of the Panameñista ruling party has admitted soliciting aid;
Carlos Duboy told La Prensa on Monday, December 11, that in 2008, when they served as deputy treasurer of the party, requested a donation from the scandal-plagued company.
The money, they said, was used to pay off debts from the primary election where Varela faced Alberto Vallarino to win the presidential candidacy for the 2009 elections. ” I was not treasurer at that time. I was the sub-treasurer” they said.
“As a party in a difficult political contest, after the primaries, there was a lot of debt. It was a strong fight against Alberto Vallarino. That's where you get to knock on doors to entrepreneurs to ask for campaign donations”.
Asked if they approached Odebrecht they replied: “ Yes. They did not want to give to the parties. No multinational company gives directly to the parties, but rather they look for local companies or consultancies. So that's why I receive two contributions: $50 000, and $100,000 in October 2008. and campaign commitments and debts were paid, I did not know what [Jaime] Lasso received. they register the contributions in the Electoral Tribunal and the sworn contributions statement was made in 2009.
Odebrecht is currently under investigation for alleged massive overcharges in the construction of a second terminal at Tocumen International.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's their hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon themselves to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing their own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actor Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share their very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian themselves has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing their response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping they hold onto this edgy new style for a while.
The Nemaha County Sheriff's Office received a report of criminal damage to property in Centralia. A pickup parked at 202 Railroad Street was damaged, late June 23rd or early June 24th, and fuel cards and several other items were reported stolen, amounting to over $10,000.
Or the power (and limitations) of logic
Those who have been there would know that few things can match the unpleasantness of being expelled from school. I have had that experience at Sadiq Public School back in 1991, although I was ‘reinstated' immediately. The nauseating Mujhe kioon nikaala ballyhoo takes me back to that summer all those years ago.
One fine day (with almost no rain, all summer days in Bahawalpur are without exception fine – in fact too fine for anybody's liking) shortly before the summer break, on reaching school I was told to report immediately to the vice-principal's office, which at Sadiq was never considered a portent of good news. It was completely out of the blue too, for I had consistently been the best performer of my batch; conduct-wise too I couldn't think of anything reproachable that I had been guilty of – at any rate I hadn't been caught doing anything of that sort.
The vice-principal specifically instructed me not to attend the assembly and wait for them to return. The mystery was deepening. When they returned, they told me to meet the principal, who informed me without any fanfare whatsoever that I was free to go home. When I asked why, they remarked that I should ask my father. When I asked permission to use their phone to do just that, they curtly told me to use the vice-principal's phone. The principal was obviously fuming even after expelling me. To cut the story short, my father reached immediately and before going into the principal's office assured me that they would go to the High Court if they had to. Sitting in the vice-principal's office, I saw more people join the conference (including the junior school principal who doubled as the Liaison Officer). Two hours later, I was told to go to my class as my expulsion had been retracted.
As I found out later, the principal and my father had been ‘discussing' a matter for some days – I later perused the whole correspondence. What had happened was this: The principal had decided to run a summer's camp during the summer vacations and wanted all parents to pay for it. And it wasn't voluntary – well, the attending part was voluntary but the paying part wasn't. My father had written to point out that forcing the parents to pay for something they didn't even want was unfair. In what was supposed to be a reference to my father's profession, the principal had retorted that that would be analogous to arguing that soldiers should only be paid during wars and not during peace times. My father had replied that since the parents were already paying regular school fees for summer vacations (when usually there was no school), demanding extra for the summer school would be analogous to the soldiers' demanding that they should be paid extra during a war (the principal themselves was a retired Air Force officer). This proved to be the last letter of the exchange, for the principal apparently responded to it by expelling me first thing the next morning.
Logic had finally prevailed that day as the school had been obliged to accept me back as a pupil – at least that's how I took it at the time. Of course, I have learnt a thing or two since. My father's argument was without doubt more logical, but I am now convinced that the threat of taking the issue to the court must have proved to be much more decisive that day than any superior arguments. Of course, logic has its role to play in the world. It absolutely rules the roost when it comes to software and anything controlled by control-boards (PCs, washing machines, microwave ovens and the like), but humans operate on emotions rather than logic. Sure, logic prevails in human affairs as well, but only when it is backed by power. From things as small as being expelled from school all the way to invading a country or pulling out of one are controlled by emotions and on what one can get away with.
Mind you, it's not just faulty reasoning that has this limitation. The problem with even the soundest of logic is that it doesn't lead to a unique solution. That's because every logical system starts from the point of some assumptions (axioms) that are outside that logical system. Starting from different axioms, two logical systems – both sound – would lead to different (sometimes conflicting) conclusions. Logic therefore doesn't bring anything decisive to the table in this sense – whether in the metaphysical or in the moral realm. It can show inconsistencies in your argument but it won't bring new information.
In any social or political dispute, both sides usually come with their own ‘logical' arguments. The issue is invariably settled not based on the pros and cons of the respective arguments but based on which side possesses superior power. Occasionally logic appears to carry the day, but that is simply because the power equation is in its favor. Power can be seen to make the shakier arguments to prevail on a daily basis. It isn't the least bit surprising that an overwhelming majority of people attest to – in deed even if not in word – the ethics of Machiavelli and Nietzsche. Sadly, the small minority subscribing to Spinoza's ethics will always constitute the exceptions that prove the rule.
× Walmart's Perk for Workers: Go to College for $1 a Day
Going to college just got a lot less expensive for Walmart workers.
Under a new benefit program, employees will pay just $1 a day to earn a degree, the company said Wednesday.
Walmart to offer full- and part-time associates a path to a debt-free college degree https://t.co/BZvO6iIlnE #TeamWalmart — Walmart Newsroom (@WalmartNewsroom) May 30, 2018
Walmart will cover the remaining cost for tuition, fees and books.
All Walmart and Sam's Club workers in the US will be eligible as soon as they've been with the company for 90 days. It applies to all part-time, full-time, and salaried employees.
For now, the degree choices are limited to an associate's or bachelor's degree in either business or supply chain management, but the company may offer more choices in the future, a spokesperson said.
Workers must pursue the degree at one of three colleges: the University of Florida, Brandman University or Bellevue University. All three schools have online, accredited programs tailored for working adults.
Related: Hotel industry wants to pay for their workers' college degrees
Walmart has partnered with Guild Education, a benefits platform, for the new employee perk. Through Guild, workers will be offered a coach who can help them with the application process as well as deciding on the appropriate degree.
Workers will also be able to earn college credits for attending some paid trainings at work, reducing the time needed to complete a degree.
The company will be phasing out 15% tuition discount it previously offered workers for credits taken online at American Public University.
Related: McDonald's boosts tuition benefits because of the new tax law
About 1.4 million Walmart workers will be eligible for the benefit. The company expects 68,000 of them to participate over the first five years, based on enrollment in similar programs. There is no penalty for leaving the company or failing to complete the degree.
In February, Walmart raised its minimum wage to $11 and gave out one-time bonuses of up to $1,000.
The new benefits and increased pay “increases the pressure on other companies inside and outside of retail as this heats up the competition for quality employees,” said Moody's Lead Retail Analyst Charlie O'Shea.
Citing a tight job market, several hotel companies have recently expanded tuition benefit programs. Earlier this year, McDonald's started offering $2,500 a year to eligible restaurant employees and $3,000 to managers in tuition assistance. Starbucks started a tuition-free program in 2015. More than 1,000 of its workers have completed their degrees to date.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The winds aren't changing for Southern California's wildfires yet.
The fifth largest blaze in state history was threatening thousands of homes as it churned through coastal mountains amid persistently dangerous weather conditions.
Red Flag warnings for fire danger due to Santa Ana winds and a critical lack of moisture were extended into the week instead of expiring Monday afternoon as was initially forecast.
“It doesn't get much drier than these folks,” the National Weather Service Service tweeted, adding that more than 80 observation sites in the region reported afternoon relative humidity levels between just 1 and 9 percent.
Advertisement
On Monday, ash fell like snow and heavy smoke had residents gasping for air in foothill towns near Santa Barbara, the latest flare-up after a week of wind-fanned wildfires throughout the region.
With acrid smoke thick in the air, even residents not under evacuation orders were leaving, fearing another shutdown of a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week.
Officials handed out masks to those who stayed behind in Montecito, an exclusive community about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles that's home to stars such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore.
Actor Rob Lowe wore a mask as they live-streamed their family evacuating Sunday from their smoke-shrouded home.
“Praying for the people in my area,” they said to their Instagram followers. “Hope everybody's getting out safe like we are, and thanks for the prayers and thoughts. And good luck to the firefighters, we need you!”
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
“I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all,” they wrote.
The blaze — known as the Thomas fire — has destroyed 683 homes, officials said. It was partially contained after burning 362 square miles (937 square kilometers) of dry brush and timber.
Customers coming into Jeannine's American Bakery in Montecito brushed ash from their clothes and marveled at smoke so heavy that visibility was down to just a few feet.
“There's so much ash it's unbelievable,” manager Richard Sanchez said. “Everything is white. The streets are covered, cars are covered, our parking lot is covered.”
Dr. Helene Gardner, an expert in air quality at University of California, Santa Barbara, watched ash fall “like a fine snow” from their home after the school postponed final exams until January. They said their environmental sciences students got a kick from the fact that the delay was directly related to their field of study.
Gardner warned that the air alerts should be taken seriously because of airborne particulates — “nasty buggers” — that can lodge in lungs and cause respiratory problems.
They said the levels of particulates from a wildfire can approach those seen near coal-burning plants in pollution-heavy China and are especially problematic for people exerting themselves.
“When I look out my window and see someone bicycling I think, ‘No, no, no, get off your bike and walk!'” they said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
The National Weather Service said that if the long-term forecast holds, there will have been 13 consecutive days of dry offshore flow before it ends Friday afternoon. There have only been 17 longer streaks since 1948, including the record of 24 days set between December 1953 and January 1954.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
___
John Antczak in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
A Garden City lawyer who the district attorney's office said treated their clients' settlement money “as their personal piggy bank” by stealing more than $785,000 pleaded guilty Monday to felony charges.
Prosecutors said Steven Morelli, 60, is now facing 2 1/2 to 7 1/2 years in prison when a judge sentences them in June after their plea to eight grand larceny charges.
The Nassau district attorney's office said Morelli stole from 22 clients and used the money for themselves and their law practice. Authorities said he'll be disbarred because of their guilty plea.
“Attorneys are entrusted with a special responsibility to act in their clients' best interests, but instead this defendant treated their clients' settlement funds as their personal piggy bank,” Nassau District Attorney Madeline Singas said in a prepared statement.
Morelli surrendered to Nassau police in March 2016 to face charges they said were connected to their theft of about $200,000 they won in civil settlements for four clients. Police said at the time that they started an investigation in 2015 when one of their clients made a complaint.
Morelli told one suspicious client “the check was probably lost in the mail,” police said at the time of their arrest.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Prosecutors said Monday that the investigation continued after Morelli's initial arrest and authorities found 18 more victims.
Police have said Morelli's scheme consisted of withdrawing funds from a law firm account after receiving money in connection with a client's lawsuit settlement, and then using it on personal items.
Morelli has paid back about $170,000, according to prosecutors, who said they agreed to pay back about $615,000 more.
Morelli's attorney, Marc Gann, said Monday that their client “is doing everything they can to make people whole.”
Gann said Morelli had practiced civil rights work as a plaintiff's attorney and many former clients reached out and were supportive of them after their arrest.
“He got themselves in financial trouble and they went to a place they shouldn't have gone,” the Mineola defense attorney said. “He's accepted responsibility and is hopeful of paying everyone back.”
This time of the year I really appreciate a good bowl of chili soup. And I do enjoy cooking my special recipe for chili.
My personal chili recipe has evolved over the years to include all sorts of ingredients that I don't necessarily volunteer to the those who I invite to enjoy a serving or two.
And according to a new survey from National Today I'm not alone in keeping my masterpiece a family secret. Apparently around 10% of us have a secret chili recipe that we'll never share with anyone.
Some other things this survey revealed are that around 68% of folks say they "love" chili while another 27% "like" it. While only about 5% of people would say that they dislike it.
The five most popular toppings or side dishes with chili are cheese, crackers, cornbread, sour cream, and tortilla chips. And 26% of chili eaters say like it as extra spicy as possible.
The International Chili Society says that chili was popularized during the Gold Rush of the mid-1800s. Cowboys and prospectors combined dried beef, fat, pepper, salt and chili peppers together into stackable rectangles or “chili bricks” that were then dumped into boiling water.
Do you have a "Secret" chili recipe?
See Also:
Mastercard has announced its strategic investment in Hypr Corp., an enterprise-facing producer of decentralized authentication solution. The venture marks Hypr's joining of the latest class of Mastercard's Start Path program, an international initiative that bolsters companies that show promise in transforming modern commerce at scale.
“People need the peace of mind that their personal information, their money and their identity are secure in the digital age,” said Bob Reany, executive vice president of global products and services for identity solution at Mastercard. “We are committed to advancing a consumer-centric vision of security grounded in giving people the ability to maintain control of their data. Hypr's technology is a smart way to keep critical data where it belongs — close to the consumer.”
Having just received Series A funding round of $8 million driven by RRE Ventures, Hypr will further be able to enter Mastercard's robust payment ecosystem. “The importance of secure authentication has never been greater,” said Roman Kadinsky, chief operating officer of Hypr. “Working with Mastercard allows us to bring our decentralized authentication systems to more devices and payments across the IoT.”
Given consumers' ongoing shift toward mobile commerce, the partnership comes at a pertinent time. For example, according to Adobe Analytics data, of the $65.1 billion spent beginning Nov. 1, mobile shopping represents almost 49 percent — more than 40 percent being comprised by smartphones — of visits during the popular shopping period. What's more, the data showed that these visits have converted to more than 32 percent of revenue secured during this time.
Adobe Analytics data forecasts that this throttling usage will contribute to the reaching of $107.4 billion in online revenue — the first time e-commerce will reach the paramount benchmark. This necessitates innovative and targeted security measures be deployed by both individual consumers and merchants.
Under Hypr's solution, payment credentials are ensured to be decentralized that introduces a new layer of necessary security and privacy at scale. What's more, institutions deploying Mastercard's services will be able to deliver customers with speedy and safe banking experiences.
In addition to extending its services to Mastercard enterprise customers, Hypr will also work with the financial corporation to identify and source new areas for Mastercard to launch mobile or online biometric authentication — such as fingerprint, face, hand or retina acknowledgment — solutions, a Hypr spokesperson said.
Additional participants in Mastercard's Start Path program have included FluidAI, PayKey, Moneytree, Supersmart and Razorpay, among others.
More from WWD:
Amazon Web Services Unveils Alexa for Business
2018 Retail Predictions: AI, Experiences, Price Transparency to Increase
Snapchat Combats Fake News, Splits Social With Media for New Interface
The Australian Minister for Trade, Tourism, and Investment, Steven Ciobo has visited Hyperloop One at their headquarters in Los Angeles. The trip was reportedly to meet the team behind the project and learn more about hyperloop. This raises the question of why? Why would the Minister travel all that way to meet a team working on a futuristic transport technology, if not to try and sell Government on investing in the technology.
The company has been successful in raising multiple rounds of money to turn Elon Musk's dream of delivery high-speed travel using a new, 5th mode of transport, a reality. Australia has one of the largest continents on the planet and traversing vast distances is a lengthy and often expensive proposition. For the multi-decade discussions about high-speed rail projects, they are technologically inferior to what is on offer with Hyperloop, so it makes a lot of sense Minister Ciobo is interesting.
I think it is noteworthy that it's our tourism Minister, not our Deputy Prime Minister, Barnaby Joice, who also holds the portfolio of Minister for Infrastructure and Transport or our Minister for Urban Infrastructure and Cities, Paul Fletcher that is most interested. Australia's Tourism Industry is one of the country's largest and enabling faster transport between our cities and major attractions would do wonders for the growth of that industry.
Tourism has become a vital component of Australia's economic wellbeing.
Hyperloop could be implemented in a couple of different ways. The first is a series of above-ground vacuum-sealed tubes which propel pods (and their passengers) at up to 1,200km/hr. The second option is to leverage Elon Musk's other pet project, The Boring Company and dig tunnels underground. Regardless of which approach is used, they both have the potential to solve our congestion problem. The speed on offer here could also change the way we structure our population. Right now a large majority of the population live in east-coast cities, Melbourne, Canberra, Sydney and Brisbane with urban sprawl and long commute times a major issue. With the right kind of infrastructure (read: Hyperloop) its possible we can better distribute the population to regional cities and commute to work in the cities, thanks to the reduced commute times.
Dr Anita Sengupta is an Engineer, Pilot, Vice President, Professor, who works on Hyperloop and says there are also environmental opportunities with Hyperloop as well.
Such an honor to host the @Australia minister @StevenCiobo this week. A hyperloop network across the continent would not only revolutionalize travel but significantly reduce CO2 emissions. https://t.co/wKD3ZMfCZ4 — Dr. Anita Sengupta (@Doctor_Astro) February 2, 2018
By 2021 Hyperloop One plans for the transport being a reality.
So my question is, when are we getting one in Australia Steve?
Cape Gas, situated in South Africa, provides complete solutions for all kinds of LPG requirements, be it commercial, domestic or industrial gas requirements. Having more than 30 years of experience, Cape Gas is a registered member of “Liquid Petroleum Gas Safety Association of Southern Africa” (LPGSASA). All of their qualified installers are registered under South African Qualification and Certification Committee for Gas (SAQCC) and they are known as “Licensed Gas Practitioners”.
Cape Gas is a team possessing Firefighting and First Aid Certifications. They are also associated with the “Eternal Flame of Democracy” that burns continually at the parliament building of Cape Town.
Their services include:
Domestic Installation:
The company provides basic economy installations with Gas Hob connection and single 9kg cylinder. They offer multiple appliance connections and single or dual external cylinder supply, complying with SANS10087-1. The company also provides minor appliance repairs and services, the appliances include geyser, fireplace, hobs and stoves and Gas Braai's. Safety is their first priority when it comes to installing kitchen appliances. The company understands the risks and issues related to the mishandling of appliances and it is their endeavour to offer the best services to their clients.
Commercial Installation Services:
They provide commercial installation services to the different types of commercial sectors like hospitality and catering, restaurants and cafés, coffee shops, coffee roasters, powder coating companies, company in-house kitchens and other commercial applications etc. The demand for commercial installations is gradually increasing. The company offers client-oriented commercial services to ensure that their customers get the right experience. Improper or inappropriate installation hampers the productivity and increases the risks of life threatening accidents.
Industrial Installation:
This service is beneficial for large organisations and industries. This company is involved with vapour and gas installations as well. Hot Houses, Printing companies, Crematoriums, heating of chicken houses on poultry farms benefit from this service. All these installations are done with accordance to SANS 10087-3 & 7.
Maintenance and Repairs:
At Cape Gas, all the employees possess a licence to repair, replace and maintain the LPG pipework and other associated works. Their services include proper installation and servicing of fireplaces, prescribed annual inspections, minor repairs to gas installations, servicing of hobs and ovens, gas geysers, COC inspections and more.
Apart from that they also provide additional services like leak detection, sprinkler system, fabrication etc.
For more information, visit the website – https://capegas.co.za
About:
Situated in South Africa, Cape Gas is a renowned name in the LPG industry having more than 30 years of experience. The Company offers residential, commercial and industrial LPG installation services and appliances at affordable prices.
Contact:
Unit 13 Milnerton Business Park
Racecourse Road, Montague Gardens
7441, Cape Town, South Africa
Tel: 021 551-5748
“Once its cycle count has reached 500 complete charge cycles, your iPhone's battery is considered consumed as its ability to provide power reduces,” Christian Zibreg reports for iDownload Blog. “As a result, you may need to charge the phone more and more frequently and it might exhibit unexpected shutdowns.”
“All rechargeable batteries have a limited number of charge cycles,” Zibreg reports. “Apple says that iPhone batteries are designed to retain up to 80% of their original capacity at 500 complete charge cycles. Your standard one-year Apple warranty includes service coverage for a defective battery, but it doesn't cover wear from normal use. If you're covered under warranty or AppleCare+, Apple will replace your battery at no charge if it retains less than 80 percent of its original capacity.”
“While macOS makes it easy to find out your Mac notebook's battery cycle count at any time, iOS provides no such option,” Zibreg reports. “Thankfully, you can still determine if the battery in your iPhone is close to the end of its lifespan and may need to be replaced.”
Read more in the full article here.
Queensland's Labor government will reintroduce a waste levy that was scrapped by the LNP to stop NSW dumpers trucking rubbish across the border.
Cabinet has signed off on resurrecting the levy, likely to be between $60 and $70 a tonne, to deter companies from shipping waste north because it's cheaper.
The levy was axed by the Liberal National Party in 2012, a year after the Bligh Labor government imposed it.
At $60 to $70 a tonne, the levy would be on par with NSW charges, removing the financial incentive to sending waste north.
Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk is on Tuesday expected to tell parliament that households won't face any increased costs from the levy, The Courier-Mail reports.
It is aimed at operators like large construction companies, which trucked more than 900,000 tonnes of waste into Queensland in the 2016/17 financial year alone.
The reintroduction of the levy was a key recommendation from a waste investigation led by former Supreme Court justice Peter Lyons QC.
The government set up the inquiry after the ABC's Four Corners program exposed the scale of dumping by NSW operators intent on avoiding their own state's levy.
The former LNP government scrapped Queensland's $35 per tonne waste charge in 2012, and Labor refused to reinstate it during it's first term, pushing instead for a national waste strategy.
But after Labor increased its majority at last year's election, the levy is firmly back on the agenda, with legislation expected to be introduced to parliament later this year.
(Newser) – When Tini Owens says she's trapped in a loveless marriage, they mean it. Owens, 65, was denied a divorce from their millionaire husband of 39 years after they told a UK judge their "minor" disagreements are simply a part of married life, reports the Times. In a case last year, Owens had petitioned the court for a divorce, complaining of "continued beratement" from their husband following their affair in 2012. Hugh Owens, 78, admitted they often "teases" their wife "in a very loud voice," but said he'd forgiven their infidelity and believed the pair should remain married into old age, per the Mirror. The judge sided with the husband, noting Tini's complaints were "of the kind to be expected in marriage" and "an exercise in scraping the barrel."
During an appeals court hearing on Tuesday, Tini—who has slept apart from their husband for several years and now lives away from their Worcestershire home—said they feel "unloved, isolated and alone." A judge responded that "it is not a ground for divorce if you find yourself in a wretchedly unhappy marriage." That provoked Tini's lawyer to call for the law to change to introduce "no-fault" divorces "in line with current thinking and social norms." They say it's unfair of a judge to ask their client to live separately from their husband for five years before again filing for divorce without their consent given their ages, per the Telegraph. It isn't clear when a decision is expected. (A man blames Uber for their divorce.)
Because we all need help to be the best.
If you want to move past small-talk with me, now you know how. I'm an INFP. What are you?
Can't go wrong with TED. Well, probably can, but this is so right.
Think a link is worth it? Send it my way! Really…anything. If I dig it, I'll share it!
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- This year Harvard graduated 7,066 students. Of those, 732 came out of the Graduate School of Education, 666 of that group got a Master of Education.
Only one of those got that degree, moved back home to Oak Cliff, and took a job teaching third Grade at James Bowie Elementary School.
"My name is Adan Gonzalez, I'm from Oak Cliff, and I'm here to help. That's why I'm here."
Adan Gonzalez knows the territory.
"This is the school we walked to every morning, and I think overall this is where you make memories, happy memories too," Gonzalez said from the Bowie Elementary library Monday.
Plenty of people have a hometown they left and never went back, and plenty more talk about someday getting out of the hood. So why, with degrees from Georgetown and Harvard, did Adan go back?
Because of what they realized when they were gone.
"I learned that it's not normal for my peers to be hungry," Gonzalez said. "It's not normal for my peers to not come prepared for school."
He's been there.
"I applied for college sitting on a curb at McDonald's using a laptop that wasn't mine," they remembered. "I arrived to college with my clothes in trash bags because I didn't know anything about airport fees."
They came back because they want to change everything.
"My story should not be an exception. If anything, it should be an expectation," they said.
They already help more than 250 kids through Puede Network, a five-year-old community non-profit they started while they were at Georgetown.
Now, he's taking on the school system as a way to reach the kids.
As they say, "Si, se puede."
Yes, you can.
And yes they can.
Iconic Weatherford building is demolished
The Parker County Courthouse Square was stirring in May 2016 as folks came to bid farewell to a historic structure known at various times as the Eddleman Building, Sturgess Dress Shop, the Bowden Building and the Bradford Building.
BLUEFIELD, WV (WOAY) – The Mercer County Sheriff's Department is looking for a wanted man considered to be armed and dangerous.
Jamie Eubanks led police on a high speed chase in Glenwood on Friday, June 29 at approximately 4pm.
Felony warrants for fleeing and reckless endangerment are on file with the Mercer County Sheriff's Office .
They should be considered armed and dangerous.
If you see Eubanks or know where they may be you are asked to call 304-487-8364
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
SURPRISE, Ariz. (AP) - The Texas Rangers have claimed first baseman Tommy Joseph off waivers from the Philadelphia Phillies.
The Rangers made the move Monday, a week after the Phillies designated them for assignment when they signed free agent pitcher Jake Arrieta.
The 26-year-old Joseph hit over 20 home runs in each of their two seasons in the majors. They batted .240 with 22 homers and 69 RBIs while starting 125 times at first last year.
Philadelphia signed power-hitting free agent Carlos Santana to play first this season.
Joseph was traded from San Francisco to the Phillies in July 2012 as part of a package for outfielder Hunter Pence. Highly regarded at the time, Joseph was projected to be Philadelphia's catcher of the future until a series of concussions prompted the Phillies to turn them into a first baseman three years later.
Joseph made their big league debut in May 2016 and hit .257 with 21 home runs and 47 RBIs.
In 11 spring training games this year, Joseph hit .429 (9 for 21) before being cut.
Texas put right-hander Clayton Blackburn on the 60-day disabled list with a strained right elbow.  They are expected to miss four to six weeks.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
I'm a marketer with the soul of a sales guy and I help B2B marketing and sales leaders strategically align their teams to drive revenue growth!
BOOK ME TO SPEAK! Having worked in both sales and marketing for nearly 15 years, I truly love both and intimately understand how much these teams need each other to be successful in today's business environment. Because misalignment between sales and marketing technologies and processes costs B2B companies 10% of revenue or more per year, my goal is to help mid-sized B2B companies learn how to strategically align these two highly interdependent functions in order for them to more effectively drive quality lead gen and close more deals. sales and marketing alignment
New Rochelle, NY, August 14, 2017--A new study describes how NS1, a protein produced by influenza A viruses, suppresses the body's immune responses to viral infection. Researchers present the potential to develop a live attenuated vaccine based on an engineered influenza A virus lacking NS1 and to design antiviral drugs that target NS1. The study is published in Journal of Interferon & Cytokine Research (JICR) from Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers. The article is available free on the JICR website until September 14, 2017.
In the article entitled "Interactions Between NS1 of Influenza A Viruses and Interferon-α/β: Determinants for Vaccine Development," coauthors Ben Wang and Eleanor Fish, University Health Network and University of Toronto, Canada, examine the body's first line of defense against infectious agents such as viruses--the interferon (IFN)-α/ß response. The researchers describe the effects of IFN-α/ß on influenza A virus replication, how NS-1 inhibits IFN-α/ß production, and the potential for using IFN-α/ß or blocking NS-1 activity as a treatment for influenza A virus infection.
"Influenza viruses remain a major cause of human morbidity and mortality. This article suggests potential new approaches to combat these viruses," says Journal of Interferon & Cytokine Research Co-Editor-in-Chief Ganes C. Sen, Department of Immunology, Cleveland Clinic Foundation, Cleveland, OH.
###
About the Journal
Journal of Interferon & Cytokine Research (JICR), led by Co-Editors-in-Chief Ganes C. Sen, PhD and Thomas A. Hamilton, PhD, Department of Immunology, Cleveland Clinic Foundation, is an authoritative peer-reviewed journal published monthly online with open access options and in print that covers all aspects of interferons and cytokines from basic science to clinical applications. Journal of Interferon & Cytokine Research is an official journal of the International Cytokine & Interferon Society. Complete tables of content and a sample issue may be viewed on the JICR website.
About the Publisher
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers is a privately held, fully integrated media company known for establishing authoritative peer-reviewed journals in many promising areas of science and biomedical research, including Viral Immunology, AIDS Research and Human Retroviruses, and DNA and Cell Biology. Its biotechnology trade magazine, GEN (Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News), was the first in its field and is today the industry's most widely read publication worldwide. A complete list of the firm's 80 journals, books, and newsmagazines is available on the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers website.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hooray for Shrove Tuesday!
A day dedicated to a particular type of indulgent food is a day we can get on board with.
Plus, it's only day of the whole year you can throw your food around in the kitchen and your mum/dad/girlfriend/wife will find it funny and charming, rather than just being really mad.
Get in your extra supplies of chocolate spread, lemons and...Marmite? (TRUST us, Marmite is amazing with pancakes) and get ready to go flipping crazy for Pancake Day.
With our mouths already watering at the thought, we've put together a comprehensive guide and some handy tips to help you to get the most out of Shrove Tuesday and not spend dinner time scraping batter off the celling and wondering why.
Do you go savoury or sweet? How long should you fry a pancake for? And crucially, when should you toss it?
What is Shrove Tuesday?
Shrove Tuesday is the day that precedes Ash Wednesday.
As it is determined by Easter, for which the actual date changes on an annual basis.
This year Pancake Day takes place on Tuesday, February 28.
The name Shrove Tuesday comes from shrive, meaning absolution for sins by doing penance.
The day gets its name from the tradition of Christians trying to be 'shriven' before Lent.
The whole pancake thing came much later as a way of using up rich foods, like eggs, milk and sugar before the 40 days of fasting - Lent.
Why pancakes?
Pancakes are associated with Shrove Tuesday as it's a good way of using up all your fatty foods before Lent.
Eggs, milk and sugar aren't traditionally eaten in fasting season, so need to be scoffed beforehand.
And if milk and eggs aren't enough of a treat then there are an endless conveyor belt of toppings you can choose to eat your pancakes with.
Whether it's chocolate spread, lemon juice and sugar, maple syrup or even goats cheese and butternut squash, there are loads of different recipes to tantalise those tastebuds.
What is the best recipe?
It's up to you!
Egg free, gluten free, veggie or how about the decidedly boozy cointreau ones?
You can have them in thousands of different ways.
There's the simple flour, milk and two egg variety or the more exotic buttermilk and maple apple and pecan nuts version.
How to make the perfect pancake
However you choose to enjoy your pancakes, you will probably always need to following key ingredients:
•200g/7oz plain flour
•350-400ml/12-14fl oz milk, or ½ milk ½ water for a a thinner, lighter pancake
•2 large eggs to be lightly whisked
•1 tablespoon of vegetable oil
•A pinch of salt
•And vegetable oil for frying your delicious pancakes (serves four)
Check out this amazing My Little Pony pancake
OROVILLE, Calif. (AP) — The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and their family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again.
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night.
“There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases,” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday, telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant.
That's why Azevedo wasn't budging yet.
“My plan is to stay here,” said Azevedo, who evacuated from Marysville with their wife, Tasha, their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives. They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley, Calif. and they planned to wait out this week's upcoming storm before returning home. Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday.
“I'm not trying to risk traffic, being stuck in floods. I'm safe where I'm at,” Azevedo said.
Many other evacuees, such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, couldn't wait to get back home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Johnston, 69, who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico, California. As they packed the blankets, pillows and clothing they had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag, they reflected on the mad rush to leave, the chaos, confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out. “It was just frustrating. Very frustrating.”
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure's main spillway. The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion.
Two days after issuing the evacuation order, officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained.
Over the weekend, the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours, leaving it badly eroded. The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam's main concrete spillway.
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion. Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary.
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains.
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam's water levels continued to decrease but it didn't say by how much.
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon. Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain. They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm.
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras, the state water agency said.
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $100 million to $200 million, Croyle said. Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends.
Gov. Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved their request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation.
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday, just a few hours after saying the situation was stable, forcing families to rush to pack up and get out.
Honea, the county sheriff, said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems.
But after two days away from home, tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary. They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff's warning to remain vigilant.
Rod Remocal said they and their wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” Remocal said. “This time we're going to be on call like they said.”
___
Elias reported from San Francisco.
___
Contributing to this report were Jocelyn Gecker, Olga R. Rodriguez and Kristin Bender in San Francisco; Don Thompson in Sacramento; Terry Chea in Grass Valley, California; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma, California; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles.
ANSONIA – If Brock Shellhaas and Matthew Shook have their way, the two Ansonia pole vaulters will stand together on the podium at the state track and field meet Friday evening.
Shellhaas and Shook both qualified for the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet in the Division III boys pole vault. They'll compete alongside each other at 4 p.m. Friday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of The Ohio State University in Columbus.
“It's huge sending two,” Ansonia boys track and field coach Clint Neal said of the two Tigers qualifying for state together. “I think this is probably the first time we've sent two in one event.”
Shellhaas, a sophomore, is returning to the OHSAA state meet for a second consecutive year. As a first-year student they cleared 14 feet 2 inches and finished sixth in the state.
“You're competing with the best in the state and the best in the area so to be back and to show you're at the top it's always a humbling moment to realize you're one of the best,” said Shellhaas, who cleared 14 feet 8 inches at last week's regional meet.
Shook, a junior, qualified for the state meet for the first time in their career, but he's very familiar with the state meet. Shook's sister, Samantha Shook, was a four-time state qualifier in the girls pole vault and finished as the Division III state runner-up as a junior in 2013.
“It's pretty exciting because I saw my sister do it all four years,” Shook said of qualifying for state. “It's always been kind of my goal to get there and podium like they did all four years, but I wasn't able to do it up until this point, but I'm happy to be here now.”
Now that he's qualified for state, Shook would like to finish in the top eight and earn their own spot on the podium.
Shellhaas, meanwhile, has set their sights on winning the Division III state championship.
“I would love to bring home a state championship to Ansonia,” they said. “That's the one thing I've always wanted for Ansonia. We don't have a state champion boys team, and to have that would be super cool.”
Shellhaas has been slowed down this season by a hamstring injury they suffered in January. It still flairs up sometimes, they said, but he's getting closer to 100 percent.
“Every day has been a battle just to stay healthy, and to get back to this has just been a huge stress reliever,” Shellhaas said. “Now it's just time to enjoy the ride and jump well.”
Preparing for the state meet this year has been less stressful, Shellhaas said, because of last year's experience competing in Columbus. They feel more confident and more comfortable than they did a year ago.
Shellhaas also is enjoying having Shook by their side this time around.
“It's a lot more enjoyable having another person to jump with and enjoy the ride with,” they said.
The two Ansonia vaulters push each other, which they expect to be beneficial when they compete at this week's state meet.
“It's good just to feed off both of our energy,” Shook said. “He hypes me up. I hype them up. It increases our talent, I guess.”
Both Ansonia vaulters feel well prepared for this moment because of the level of competition they faced throughout the year. The Southwest District was the only one in the state to produce four vaulters who went over 13 feet 8 inches in the Division III regional meets.
“We're already competing with some of the best in the state on a regular basis,” Shellhaas said. “That helps train us to be prepared for big meets and big heights.”
Now all that's left is for the two Tiger vaulters to show the state what they're capable of in Columbus.
“I think it's a good chance to showcase our talents and showcase our school,” Shook said.
Ansonia's Matthew Shook will compete in the Division III boys pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Matthew-Shook-WEB.jpg Ansonia's Matthew Shook will compete in the Division III boys pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Ansonia's Brock Shellhaas will compete in the Division III boys pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Bock-Shellhaas-WEB.jpg Ansonia's Brock Shellhaas will compete in the Division III boys pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Long Islanders will see considerably larger increases in their electric bills in January than LIPA previously had forecast, after days of talks with contractor PSEG led the utilities to agree on a larger number.
Residential customers who in December used 775 kilowatt-hours of energy — an amount officials long had considered the average — will see a $7.57 increase in January, or a total bill increase of 5.4 percent, PSEG Long Island said.
For customers using 762 kilowatt-hours, an amount the Long Island Power Authority says is now the projected average, bills in January will increase by $6.44.
LIPA previously had said the bill for the average user would increase by $3.25 in January. PSEG said “updates and revisions” led to the higher numbers.
The complexity surrounding the PSEG bill has increased considerably this year with a series of adjustments that can add or subtract costs from different parts of the bill.
In addition to the long-established power supply charge and delivery charge, bills now have revenue decoupling charges and a delivery service adjustment.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The new charges, most implemented in 2016 when the state approved a three-year rate plan, allow LIPA to recoup revenue when factors such as weather, green energy and expenses such as labor agreements fluctuate year over year. A new labor contract last year will increase union pay around 3 percent.
LIPA also recently shifted a large portion of costs formerly associated with the delivery charge into the power supply charge.
For some PSEG/LIPA customers, the increases are a too-familiar refrain.
“The bottom line is we're still paying more, it's going to be a real shock,” said Elizabeth Conlon, a resident of the all-electric Leisure Village community in Ridge. “That $7.57 increase is a lot to people who live here. It could be a prescription, it could be groceries.”
Added Jamie Noonan of Massapequa, “I don't understand why it fluctuates so much. It's up and it's down so much I don't get it.”
LIPA in Newsday stories starting in mid-November provided a series of steadily increasing figures for the projected January bill impact.
When the budget was released Nov. 14, the bill impact was listed in budget documents as $2.56 for average customers. Then on Dec. 21, while trustees were approving the budget, LIPA instead told Newsday the average bill impact was $3.25.
Each of those totals assumed customers use the lower figure of 762 kilowatt-hours a month. Now for customers using that amount, bills will go up $6.44 between December and January, according to PSEG.
LIPA for years had used 775 kilowatt-hours as the standard for average electric use, and that holds true for residential customers in 2016. But PSEG is now projecting that the total average residential use will decline next year to 762 kilowatt-hours.
Customers using 775 kilowatt-hours will see the following changes to their bills:
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The revenue decoupling charge will decline from $3.87 in December to $1.64 in January, a $2.23 drop. The delivery service adjustment will go from zero in December to a credit of 54 cents for customers.
The power supply charge will increase from $57.70 in December to $83.86 in January. Most of that increase — $20.33 — is the result of LIPA shifting costs out of the delivery charge. Excluding that amount, the power supply charge is increasing a projected $5.82 in January.
The delivery charge for those same customers will decline from $79.59 in December to $63.78 in January. That's $15.81 lower. Excluding the charges shifted over to the power supply charge, the true delivery charge increase is $4.52.
PSEG spokesperson Jeff Weir said the power supply charge increase is based on anticipated higher natural gas charges in 2017.
“Following a year of record-low fuel and purchased power costs in 2016, the power supply portion of the bill for 2017 is also projected to increase,” they said. “This charge, which is largely dependent on the fluctuating spot market price of natural gas, is projected to increase less than 4 percent from the lows of 2016 and to remain below 2015 levels. Customers will pay only the actual costs for fuel and purchased power each month.”
Two board members who voted for the budget said the amount of the increase was far larger than previously disclosed.
“I'm surprised the number is different from what I was briefed on,” said trustee Mark Fischl.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
But they said they were “comfortable” with the amount of the increase given the amount of investment LIPA is making to improve the system, and the fact that LIPA rates are still generally lower than other regional utilities. They also noted the delivery rate is slightly lower than that approved by the state in 2015.
Trustee Matthew Cordaro called the higher figures “very surprising.”
“In no way did I have a sense that would go to this level in the budget we approved.”
They expressed regret that “I wasn't diligent enough to make a case of what the rate impacts were going to be. The board discussion centered on what the budget was.” In retrospect, they said, “It would have been a lot more useful to have a clearer idea of what the rate impacts were.”
“The Third Impression of a product can only be formed after a few weeks of quotidian use,” Jean-Louis Gassée writes for Monday Note. “With regard to product reviews: I don't get “review units” set up and fine-tuned by company staff; I put my own money at risk. I don't have to bob to their rhythm so I can be invited to next season's dance, and I don't have to rush for fear of being scooped by a competitor.”
“Apple's Face ID isn't perfect, but, in my experience, it's more reliable than Touch ID,” Gassée writes. “More important, I saw how my spouse, a normal, non-geek user took to Face ID. Set up was much easier than Touch ID's lengthy, detailed registering of fingers. As my spouse's tech ‘chauffeur,' I hear about it when things fail to obey; I have yet to hear a discouraging word about Face ID.”
“Yes, the notch cuts into the screen real estate, but it's more than made up by the removal of the physical Home button (and surrounding plastic). This is new, and, momentarily, alarming: You have to learn new sliding moves and multitasking gestures,” Gassée writes. “But once learned, your fingers quickly forget their old patterns. Again, I watch how my better half took to the Home button disappearance: I see and hear nothing. It Just Works™, as Jobs liked to say.”
Rocky Boy - Earlier this week, a historic storm dumped nearly three feet of snow on parts of the Hi-Line..including the Rocky Boy Reservation. Now, some have been stuck in their homes for nearly five days, but warmer weather is starting to help the situation. Most roads near Rocky Boy have now re-opened but there's a bigger danger looming in the distance.
Crews are making headway on people's driveways now and both Rocky Boy and Box Elder schools have also re-opened. However, right now, there's a much bigger concern. Firewood used to heat homes is starting to run out.
Dustin White, the Chippewa Cree Tribal Water Resources Director, says that the wet conditions mean they can't chop new wood, and this is critical, because most homes on the Reservation use timber as a main source of heat. White says that they have delivered some emergency firewood supplies to homes that had run out, but now, even those resources are starting to run critically low.
"So we are going to be putting a call out requesting anybody in the region, if they want to sell wood to us, we're definitely in the market for splitting and cutting wood so that's our biggest need is finding enough wood for everybody," said White.
The Reservation needs at least 40 cords of wood, if not more, to make sure everyone is taken care of for the next few days, and possibly even weeks.
If you'd like to sell some of your firewood, you can contact the Chippewa Cree Water Resources Department at 406-395-4225.
There will be someone manning the telephone line from 8 a.m. until 8 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
FILE - In this Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017 file photo, police officers stand at the scene of a mass shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, in Las Vegas. Police who have yet to find Stephen Paddock's motive for the massacre said Friday that they will enlist the public's help. Billboards will serve as a stark reminder that investigators remain stumped about what drove a gunman to mow down concertgoers from a perch in the high-rise casino hotel. John Locher, File AP Photo
Seaweed is grown in the shallow waters and is also called macrophytic algae or microalgae. It is also a natural alternative for salt, which demonstrates antioxidant, antimicrobial, and anti-inflammatory properties that are required to control the blood cholesterol levels and control blood pressure. They are available in various forms and their extracts are used widely across the food, feed and fertilizers industry verticals. Seaweed provides excellent health benefits by improving digestion and weight management and are rich in omega-3 fatty acids, dietary fibre, necessary amino acids, and vitamins A, B, C, and E. Furthermore, they consist of various important minerals such as Calcium, Iodine, Iron, Copper, Selenium, Magnesium, Manganese, and Zinc. Seaweed is rich in phytonutrients, including sulphated polysaccharides that have anti-inflammatory, antiviral etc.
Download a sample copy of report @ https://axiommrc.com/request-for-sample/?report=800
Seaweed Market Is Segmented On The Basis Of Types & Applications:
The global seaweed market is segmented on the basis of type, application, and region. On the basis of type the seaweed market is segmented into, red, brown and green seaweeds. The red seaweed is the rich source of antioxidant. Further, the market is segmented by applications such as human consumption, fertilizers, animal feed additives, medical applications, biotechnological applications.
The report studied across various countries of key regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Rest of the world. The global market for seaweed is estimated and forecasted from 2018 to 2024 in terms of revenue (USD million) and volume (KT). Seaweed market is expected to rise at a compound annual growth rate between 5.5% to 6.5% from 2019 to 2024 globally. The Asia Pacific is the largest market of seaweed globally accounted for more than 55% of market share in 2017. However, North America seaweed market is anticipated to grow at a higher growth rate during the forecast period.
Seaweed market is driven factors such as, increasing use of seaweed in various herbal products and raising awareness of the use of various species of seaweed into food and feed applications. Also, high volume of seaweed consumption into hydrocolloid production, European countries are harvesting and consuming the seaweed etc. However the major restraints of the market are excessive consumption of seaweed may lead to health issues, lack of awareness of harvesting various species of seaweed etc.
The Seaweed market Is Led by Leading Manufacturers:
The major key companies which dominate the global seaweed market are,
• Irish Seaweeds,
• Qingdao Gather Great Ocean Algae Industry Group (GGOG),
• Annie Chuns Inc.,
• Cargill Inc.,
• DuPont,
• Groupe Roullier,
• Chase Organics,
• GimMe Health Foods,
• Maine Coast Sea Vegetables,
• Mara Seaweed etc.
The report includes in-depth analysis of market drivers, restraints, market trends and competitive landscape across various geographies. The competitive landscape section includes all market deals of last 2 years of seaweed market. It includes new product launches, mergers, and acquisitions, joint ventures, agreements etc.
Get more details about this Report @ https://axiommrc.com/speak-to-analyst/?report=800
By The Associated Press
Sunday, Dec. 10 EAST
Navy 73, Columbia 68
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50
FAU 106, Webber International 46
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53
FAR WEST
Hawaii 82, Hawaii Hilo 64
UNLV 89, Illinois 82
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
DEN OF THIEVES (MA15+)
*** 1/2
Director: Christian Gudegast
Starring: Gerard Butler, O'Shea Jackson Jr, 50 Cent, Pablo Schreiber
Verdict: Stylish heist thriller
GERARD Butler has made so many bad movies that the Scotsman's name on a marquee is practically a guarantee of poor quality. Their resume reeks with lousy rom-coms like The Ugly Truth , trashy thrillers like Olympus Has Fallen and special effects-driven stinkers like Gods Of Egypt and Geostorm . Their career high, if you can call it that, came when they starred in the now awfully dated ancient-world action film 300 .
So it's a pleasant surprise that not only is Den Of Thieves a decent movie, Butler themselves is really good in it.
They star as a sheriff in the Los Angeles Major Crimes Unit, Nick O'Brien, who's a badass: heavily tattooed, a hard drinker, a womaniser, a frequent strip club patron. Consequently Nick's home life is a debacle. When they turn up early one morning and begins raiding the fridge, their own wife treats them like a home invader.
Camera Icon O'Shea Jackson Jr and Gerard Butler in a scene from film Den Of Thieves. Picture: Supplied
Nick's latest case is a puzzler. Heavily armed men have made off with an armoured truck that does not contain any valuables. What long game are they playing? The villains are led by Merriman (played by Pablo Schreiber), a career criminal whose gang includes Enson (50 Cent) and Donnie (O'Shea Jackson Jr), a formidable getaway driver.
In cracking the case, Nick employs their considerable machismo to variously intimidate and bait their suspects. “Do we look like the type that would arrest you and bring you down to the station?” they boast while putting the screws on Donnie. “We just shoot you — plus paperwork.”
The film takes such pains to draw parallels between the cops and the robbers that for a while it seems like an essay in toxic masculinity. What does it gain Nick to be on the side of the law when their life is as violent and sleazy as any criminal's?
The game of cat and mouse between them and Merriman may remind you of Heat — Michael Mann's 1995 LA crime epic pitting Robert De Niro's master criminal against Al Pacino's questing cop. This debut directorial effort from screenwriter Christian Gudegast is a blatant homage to Mann's film, but that's no bad thing.
Den Of Thieves delivers a very tense second half involving a hostage situation, an elaborate heist and a climactic shootout taking place during that most Los Angeles of scenarios, a traffic jam. There's even a decent twist at the end to reward you for nearly 2 ½ hours of your time.
Has Butler changed agents recently? Or is they simply ageing into the genuine stardom that has hitherto eluded him? The tide could be turning for the poor man's Russell Crowe. Watch your back, Russ.
NOW SHOWING
CLEVELAND (AP) — DeShone Kizer sat at their locker and spoke privately for several minutes with new general manager John Dorsey, who did their best to encourage the rookie.
There was plenty to discuss. The Browns had blown another one.
Kizer's interception in overtime set up Green Bay's winning touchdown as Cleveland fell to 0-13 for the second straight year with a 27-21 loss on Sunday to the Green Bay Packers, who survived another week without quarterback Aaron Rodgers.
Once again, costly mistakes did in the Browns, who led by 14 points in the fourth quarter, but were undone by a dropped pass, poor coverage on a punt return and Kizer's late pick, which they could have avoided.
“It hurts,” said Kizer, whose three touchdown passes — one to Josh Gordon, who threw on sunglasses to celebrate — were overshadowed by their late gaffe. “Obviously, when you start tasting a little victory throughout the game, you start riding that and you start remembering all of the things that go into winning, and how it all is about getting toward that win. When you don't get to that at the end of the game, it hurts.”
On the third play of overtime, Kizer scrambled away from pressure and was running to their left when they tried to throw back across their body and had their arm hit by linebacker Clay Matthews. Kizer's throw sailed up and was picked off by Green Bay safety Josh Jones.
Kizer felt they could get the ball to wide receiver Rashard Higgins, who had spun away from their defender and was wide open for a possible TD — and a win.
“Yeah, I think that you strike up the band there and enjoy our first win of this year,” Kizer said.
But as has been the case too often over the past two years, the play backfired on the Browns, who fell to 1-28 under coach Hue Jackson. They now have three games left to get a win and avoid joining the 2008 Detroit Lions in the infamous 0-16 club.
Kizer wasn't all to blame. Before their costly interception, rookie tight end David Njoku couldn't come up with a reception in regulation that would have knocked precious time off the clock. And the Browns gave up a 65-yard punt return to Trevor Davis, setting up the Packers for their tying TD with 17 seconds left.
It's more of the same for the Browns, who closed out another tumultuous week with their 46th loss in 50 games since the last month of 2014.
On Thursday, owners Dee and Jimmy Haslam fired Sashi Brown, their top football executive, and hired Dorsey, who helped turn around the Kansas City Chiefs and will now try to fix the NFL's worst team.
Following the game, Dorsey consoled Kizer, clutching the 21-year-old's hand to offer support. Kizer appreciated the gesture.
“To be reassured that the guys in the locker room with you have your back is always a good thing,” said Kizer, who hooked up with Gordon on an 18-yard scoring strike in the first quarter.
Jackson was spared the ax by the Haslams, who announced the coach will be back in 2018. But the vote of confidence did nothing to ease the sting of another loss.
“I thought that was the best version of us as a football team — offensively, defensively and special teams — up until the fourth quarter, when we need it the most,” Jackson said. “That is what we have to do. We have to finish it. We have to find a way. Our guys are playing hard. They are doing exactly what we ask them to do, but we have to find a way to finish it.”
Disappointment was etched on the faces of several Browns players following the game. This loss hurt more than most.
“Right now, everyone feels sick to their stomach,” said guard Joel Bitonio. “Every loss is tough, but this one leaves you feeling sick. I don't know how else to explain it.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Congress ushers in a new era of all-Republican rule.
On Tuesday at noon, with plenty of pomp and pageantry, members of the 115th Congress will be sworn in, with an emboldened GOP intent on unraveling eight years of President Barack Obama's Democratic agenda and targeting massive legacy programs from Franklin D. Roosevelt and Lyndon B. Johnson such as Social Security and Medicare.
In the election, Republicans kept their tight grip on the House and outmaneuvered the Democrats for a slim majority in the Senate. In less than three weeks, on the West Front of the Capitol, Chief Justice John Roberts will administer the presidential oath to Donald Trump, the GOP's newfound ally.
First up for Republicans is repeal and delay of the health care law, expediting the process for scrapping Obama's major overhaul but holding off on some changes for up to four years. The tax code is in the cross-hairs. Conservatives want to scuttle rules on the environment and undo financial regulations created in the aftermath of the 2008 economic meltdown, arguing they are too onerous for businesses to thrive.
The only obstacle to the far-reaching conservative agenda will be Senate Democrats who hold the power to filibuster legislation, but even that has its political limitations. Twenty-three Democrats are up for re-election in 2018, including 10 from states Trump won, and they could break ranks and side with the GOP.
Here are a few things to know about Congress:
___
BY THE NUMBERS
Vice President Joe Biden, in one of their final official acts, will administer the oath to 27 returning senators and seven new ones. Republicans will have a 52-48 advantage in the Senate, which remains predominantly a bastion of white men.
There will be 21 women, of whom 16 are Democrats and five, Republicans; three African Americans, including California's new Democratic senator Kamala Harris, and four Hispanics, including Nevada's new Democratic senator Catherine Cortez Masto.
Across the Capitol, the House is expected to re-elect Rep. Paul Ryan as Speaker, with all the campaign-season recriminations involving the Wisconsin Republican and Trump largely erased by GOP wins. Once sworn in, Ryan will then administer the oath to the House members.
The GOP will hold a hefty 241-194 majority in the House, including 52 freshmen — 27 Republicans, including Wyoming's Liz Cheney, daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, and 25 Democrats.
___
CONFIRMING THE CABINET
The Senate will exercise its advice and consent role and consider nominations of 15 department secretaries and six people tapped by Trump to lead agencies or serve in roles with Cabinet-level status, such as the EPA and U.N. ambassador.
Democrats won't make it easy.
Several in the party have been highly critical of several of Trump's choices, from Rick Perry, who forgot during the 2012 presidential campaign that the Energy Department was the one they wanted to eliminate, to Treasury pick Steve Mnuchin, the former Goldman Sachs executive whom Democrats have dubbed the “foreclosure king” for their stake in OneWest Bank that profited from the foreclosure crisis.
Others nominees, such as retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for defense secretary, should easily win confirmation. First, though, Congress must pass a law allowing the former military man to serve in a civilian post.
There is a limit to what Democrats can do. Rules changes in 2013 allow some nominees, including Cabinet picks, to be confirmed with a simple majority, preventing Democrats from demanding 60 votes to move forward.
___
SUPREME COURT VACANCY
Adding to the drama of the new Congress will be high-profile confirmation hearings for Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court.
Justice Antonin Scalia died last February and Republicans refused to consider Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, insisting that the next president should fill the high court vacancy that's now lasted more than 10 months.
Trump released a list of potential choices during the campaign that included Utah Sen. Mike Lee, who clerked for Justice Samuel Alito. Since the election, the president-elect also has met with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who clerked for former Chief Justice William Rehnquist, prompting talk about a possible nomination for the onetime presidential rival.
Trump has said they want to nominate a justice who would help overturn Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision that legalized abortion. Cruz and Lee would fulfill that pledge.
___
NEW FACE IN LEADERSHIP
The point man for Senate Democrats is Brooklyn-born Chuck Schumer, who will be a chief antagonist to fellow New Yorker Trump.
Schumer succeeds Nevada's Harry Reid, who retired after five terms, and joins Congress' top leaders — Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Speaker Ryan — in what is certain to be tough negotiations next year on spending and policies.
___
RUSSIAN HACKING
The first public hearing on the intelligence community's assessment that Russia interfered in the U.S. election is Thursday in the Senate Armed Services Committee, with James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, set to testify. Expect individual panels to investigate, but not a special, high-profile select committee. McConnell has rejected that bipartisan call.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have launched a murder investigation following the discovery of the body of a man in Huntingdon.
The body was discovered by a member of the public in a wooded area of Hinchingbrooke Country Park at 1.40pm on Thursday (February 1).
They have since been identified as Sam Mechelewski, 20, from Huntingdon. Their family have been informed and are urging the those responsible to come forward to police.
In a statement, Sam's family said: “The last 24 hours have been the worst of our lives. Sam will be greatly missed by their family and friends.
“Sam was no angel, but their life should not have ended this way. If anyone has information please contact the police.
“We have no forgiveness for the person who has done this, but you are also someone's child. I urge you to come forward and take responsibility for your actions.”
A post-mortem was carried out yesterday evening (February 2), but no further details about how they died are available at this stage.
Detectives are now appealing for information
Cambridge police are conducting searches close to the scene and house to house enquiries in the area.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday (January 31). I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw them that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
Sam was of no fixed abode but was known to be residing in the Huntingdon area.
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit here.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org .
Researchers in the Netherlands have designed a different approach to the liquid biopsy. Rather than looking for evidence of cancer DNA or other biomarkers in the blood, their test (called thromboSeq) could diagnose non-small cell lung cancer with close to 90% accuracy by detecting tumor RNA absorbed by circulating platelets, also known as thrombocytes. Non-small cell lung cancers make up the majority of lung cancer cases. The research appears August 14 in the journal Cancer Cell.
"Ultimately, the aim of liquid biopsy-based cancer detection is to detect all cancers at once in an early stage; an all-in-one test," says first author Myron Best, a researcher at the department of Neurosurgery of the VU University Medical Center in Amsterdam and the Cancer Center Amsterdam. "ThromboSeq might not only provide lung cancer diagnostics, but potentially any other tumor type as well, and may enable tumor-type stratification."
Platelets are short-lived blood cells known to form blood clots in response to injury. However, platelets also respond to a range of inflammatory events and cancer. Because platelet cells don't have a nucleus of their own, all RNA found in platelets either comes from megakaryocytes (the cells that form platelets in bone marrow) or from RNA the platelets absorbed while circulating in blood. Platelets in a cancer-free person will contain a different compilation of RNA than platelets that interacted with a tumor, known as tumor-educated platelets.
The researchers studied blood samples of more than 700 people, which included people diagnosed with late-stage non-small cell lung cancer, a smaller group with early stage cancer, and a control group with no known cancer. People with diseases such as multiple sclerosis, chronic pancreatitis, and coronary artery disease were included in the control group to make sure the algorithm was screening for cancer-specific RNA, and not RNA platelets generally encounter in inflammation or disease.
As it ran, the thromboSeq algorithm scanned the approximately 5,000 different RNA molecules found in platelets, continuously optimizing its panel of RNA genes, arriving at the few that indicate a cancerous tumor. Then, the researchers ran screening tests of the blood samples to see how accurately they could diagnose cancer.
The analysis was inspired by swarming behavior in nature. Birds, insects, and fish all swarm to optimize their numbers for a purpose--either in defense against predators or to search for food. "Birds continuously adjust their location in the swarm relative to each other, thereby increasing the flock's coverage and, thus, the efficiency of the food-searching process," Best says. "We applied this natural phenomenon to our algorithms, which make use of the complex RNA repertoire present in platelets."
The thromboSeq test could diagnose early-stage cancer with 81% accuracy and late-stage cancer with 88% accuracy. In a validation control group matched for age, smoking status, and blood storage time, the algorithm yielded an accuracy up to 91%. Best believes the technology is robust enough to begin clinical trials.
"Although the tumor-educated platelets blood test does not, so far, provide perfect predictions, it may complement alternative liquid biopsy bio-sources such as cell-free DNA, extracellular vesicles, circulating proteins, and circulating tumor cells as well as imaging modalities such as CT scans," Best says.
Best and colleagues plan to further optimize their algorithm with more samples and tests in people who are suspected to have lung cancer but are not yet diagnosed. "We also aim to further understand the biological mechanism responsible for platelet education in the presence of cancer," they say.
###
This work was supported by the by European Research Council, the Dutch Organization of Scientific Research, the Dutch Cancer Society, BMS IION, Stichting STOPhersentumoren.nl, the KNAW Van Walree stichting, the National Institutes of Health and National Cancer Institute, CFF Norrland, and the Swedish Research Council.
Cancer Cell, Best et al.: "Swarm intelligence-enhanced detection of non-small cell lung cancer using tumor-educated platelets." http://www.cell.com/cancer-cell/fulltext/S1535-6108(17)30296-9
By The Associated Press
BERLIN (AP) — German police say that a 19-year-old Afghan asylum-seeker has suffered serious burns after setting themselves on fire at a supermarket warehouse in Bavaria.
Police said that the man poured gasoline over themselves and set themselves ablaze early Monday in Gaimersheim, a town between Nuremberg and Munich. They had bought the gasoline shortly before at a filling station.
The blaze was extinguished swiftly by other people at the scene, but the man was seriously injured.
The man's motives weren't immediately clear. Police say they were carrying a knife but didn't use it.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Vespa for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Courtesy of Saint Laurent
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Colette may be closing its doors at the end of this year, but the influential Parisian boutique is determined to offer its fans the chicest fashion experiences through the last day. Today CR can reveal that the retailer's final collaboration will be with the storied French house, Saint Laurent.
Taking over the first floor of the Rue St.-Honoré store next week on November 27th, the Saint Laurent pop-up will boast a bevy of exclusive items designed by Anthony Vaccarello, including t-shirts and hoodies inspired by '80s New Wave, lighters that read “Smoking Forever” (a reference to the famous Le Smoking tuxedo designed by Yves Saint Laurent in 1966), limited-edition YSL Beauté palettes, leather whips (!), and a 2018 calendar featuring photography by David Sims.
Saint Laurent x Colette
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The true highlights of the capsule are several novelty items created in collaboration with other brands. There's an all-black Vespa and coordinating, crystal-embellished motorcycle helmet by Ruby, a Polaroid camera, Bang & Olufsen speakers, and Arkaic Concept skateboards covered with Inez & Vinoodh's recent campaign images of a model in rollerskate stilettos.
It was previously believed that Chanel would be Colette's last major partnership wrapping on November 25th, but that left almost a full month before the boutique closes its doors for good on December 20th, so we're excited to see Colette go out on a high note with such an iconically French brand.
Arkaic Concept for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Saint Laurent x Colette
Polaroid for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Courtesy of Saint Laurent
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
David Sims calendar Saint Laurent x Colette
Saint Laurent bag Saint Laurent x Colette
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Saint Laurent "Smoking Forever" lighter Courtesy of Saint Laurent
The Saint Laurent x Colette collaboration arrives November 27th, and runs through December 20.
By The Associated Press
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — New Ohio State basketball coach Chris Holtmann's $3 million annual contract includes incentives for making the NCAA Tournament and ensuring their players get good grades.
Ohio State signed the former Butler coach to an eight-year deal to replace Thad Matta, who was fired June 5. The contract still has to be approved by university trustees, but Ohio State released the terms Wednesday.
The contract contains bonuses for winning, including $40,000 for making the NCAA Tournament and $100,000 for winning the national championship. Plus, Holtmann gets $50,000 if their players can maintain an average cumulative grade-point average of 3.0. If the players can manage a cumulative 3.5 average, he'll make $150,000.
The contract also includes football tickets and a golf club membership.
Advertisement
He'll be eligible for a raise beginning next year.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has been arrested for causing the deaths of two men after a horrific car crash in Newmarket.
Despite a huge emergency response, including police, ambulance and the Magpas air ambulance crew attending, a 43-year-old male passenger of a Volkswagen Golf, and a 20-year-old male driver of a Renault Laguna died at the scene on Exning Road.
Two women passengers from the Volkswagen Golf, were seriously injured in the crash, which happened at 11.50pm on Sunday (May 27).
The women were taken to Addenbrooke's, where one remains in a serious condition.
A 32-year-old woman has now been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, for causing serious injury by dangerous driving, possession of a controlled drug and aggravated taking without consent.
Suffolk Constabulary have said the woman will be interviewed 'in due course'.
Heidi Hathaway, a resident of Exning Road described how they and their husband watched in vain as emergency crews battled to save the vehicles' occupants.
They said: "It was horrific; we didn't see the accident, but we saw fire crews cutting people out of cars and two people being stretchered off."
(Image: Keith Jones)
There have now been calls for the speed limit on the road to be reduced.
Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting crime reference 37/29116/18.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie has arrived on Capitol Hill, where they are talking to House Democrats about their time with the data mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump's campaign.
Wylie's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump's campaign was involved.  They are talking to Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee Tuesday and Democrats on the House intelligence committee Wednesday.
The GOP-led House intelligence panel shut down its Russian meddling probe last month, saying they don't see any evidence of collusion or coordination.
Wylie sparked a global debate over electronic privacy in March when they were part of an effort to reveal that Cambridge Analytica had gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections.
Researcher with Panthera released a video of sand cats captured in the wild. It is thought to be the first time the cats have been filmed in the natural habitat. Screen capture
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
South Cambridgeshire is changing how it recycles.
From today (December 11) anyone living in South Cambridgeshire will no longer need to use their caddies when recycling paper.
Now all you have to do is dump all waste paper, such as newspapers, magazines, junk mail and envelopes, directly into the blue wheelie bin.
The council has claimed ditching the paper caddie could save £670,000 over the next seven years, while its vehicles will travel 26,000 fewer miles.
The saving comes from fewer trucks being needed because vehicles which can collect mixed recycling, without paper needing to be kept separate, don't need to have two sections, so can carry more waste.
The change should not impact current recycling rates.
The move to simplify the recycling process was approved by South Cambridgeshire District councillors in September.
Since then, the council says it has kept residents informed via regular website and social media updates, a large article in its quarterly residents' magazine and the local media.
This means collection rounds can now be completed without refuse trucks having to return to base to be emptied as often.
The council claim this change to vehicle operations is also good for the environment, as it will lead to lower fuel costs and reduced CO2 emissions.
South Cambridgeshire are even offering prizes for anyone who can reinvent their caddie in a creative way.
A competition now underway gives residents the chance to win a Joseph Joseph ‘Stack' recycling bin worth £100.
All residents should do is share a picture via the Council's social media channels (@SouthCambs on Twitter or search for ‘South Cambridgeshire' on Facebook) of their caddy being re-used for another purpose.
Residents can also enter by emailing a picture to communications@scambs.gov.uk. This competition runs until 9am on Tuesday January 2, 2018.
Cllr Mark Howell, South Cambridgeshire District Council's cabinet member for environmental services, said: “We've spent the last few months giving residents advance notice of this, and now the big day is finally here!
“I want to re-assure residents that their paper will still be recycled when it goes into the blue bin. It gets taken to a processing plant at Waterbeach, sorted from other materials, placed into bales, and then sent for re-use.
“Remember the old caddy is now yours to keep and can be used around the house for whatever you like. We're seeing some imaginative entries into our caddy up-cycle competition, but there's still plenty of time to enter and be in with the chance of winning a great – and useful – prize.”
Residents who no longer wish to keep and re-use their caddy can take it to either of the Milton or Thriplow Household Recycling Centres. They shouldn't be placed in wheelie bins.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
MEXICO CITY (AP) - Mexico's governmental human rights agency says municipal police were complicit in at least 38 abductions and killings in the town of Allende in northern Coahuila state, near the U.S. border.
The National Human Rights Commission issued a recommendation Monday calling on authorities to make amends to the victims' families and ensure they could return to Allende.
The commission said the Zetas drug cartel carried out the killings "with the authorization, support or acquiescence" of local police.
From March 18-20 of 2011, the Zetas sent gunmen and local police to round up everyone who shared a certain last name in the town. They were punishing someone they believed had betrayed them.
The precise number of people who disappeared is unknown, but estimates vary from a few dozen to several hundred.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Agreement signed for laying of Optic fibre at Awaran & Lasbela
Federal Finance Minister, Senator Mohammad Ishaq Dar Monday (today) said that government was determined to promote digitalisation all across the country for increasing outreach and access to financial services to people for sustainable development.
The finance minister was speaking at the signing ceremony between Universal Service Fund (USF) and Ministry of Information Technology here for laying optic fibre at Awaran and Lasbela; the contract of which has been awarded to Ufone. They said the government was working for technical and financial inclusion to provide better services to the people all across the country.
The finance minister said that the national exchequer earned as many as Rs160 billion through six transparent auctions of telecom spectrums, adding that the earning from the spectrum is expected to reach to Rs200 billion. They said that earlier, only Rs50 billion were estimated from the auction of the telecommunication spectrum, however, with diligence and transparency mechanism, there has been a multi-fold increase in the earnings.
The minister reiterated government's resolve to provide the internet and mobile access across the country, adding even the remote areas would also be covered by the network to promote digitalization. They said that the villages having an even population of just 100 people would also be covered under the network. Although it was not financially viable, but providing these services and facilities to the common people was the duty of the State, they added.
Senator Dar said that government has been focusing to build infrastructure so attention is on developing telecommunication, highways, and railways to ensure proper connectivity. They said that for the sake of better connectivity, the government kick-started Multan-Sukkar project despite the fact that it was not financially viable.
The minister said that the international institutions are predicting that Pakistan would become the 18th biggest economy by 2050. The challenge to the nation is to materialise this goal in a half time as has been done in the case of macro-economic stability, which was predicted by the economic experts in six years but the present government of Nawaz Sharif achieved in just two and half years.
The minister said that the merger of all stock exchanges of Pakistan into Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) on January 11, 2016, has been bearing fruits as it has been declared 5th fastest performing exchanges now. It was not an easy job which was pending till last 15 years, but the present government did it, they added.
Finance minister said that due to the untiring efforts of the government, the load-shedding has been reduced down to three hours in cities and four hours in rural areas. Earlier, when this government assumed the power in 2013, the power outages of 14 hours in cities and 17 hours were recorded in rural areas, they mentioned. “The darkness would be completely vanished by 2018,” they remarked.
Earlier, State Minister for Information Technology and Telecommunication, Anusha Rahman gave a detailed presentation on the overall performance of telecommunication sector. The Finance Minister congratulated the State Minister and their team over their achievements in IT sector.
A general view shows the abandoned house where Akbarzhon Jalilov, the main suspect in a blast in a St Petersburg train carriage on April 3, lived in the southern town of Osh, Kyrgyzstan, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Alisher Isamov
MOSCOW A Russian suicide bomber who killed 14 people in an attack on a St. Petersburg metro train conducted an amateurish, semi-bungled operation, probably with guidance but no direct support from outside backers, five security experts who reviewed publicly available evidence from the blast site told Reuters.
Russian investigators on Tuesday identified the bomber as Akbarzhon Jalilov, from the city of Osh in mainly Muslim Kyrgyzstan, saying they had also left a bomb that was found at another metro station before it went off.
That unexploded bomb, according to the experts who reviewed a photograph of it in Russian media, was a low-tech homemade device, made locally with sugar and other readily available ingredients, and an improvised, non-commercial detonator.
This lack of sophistication points to a person, or persons, operating with limited resources but some guidance as to how to assemble an explosive similar to the kind used by militant groups such as Islamic State, the experts said.
That supports the theory that Russia is facing a new kind of threat, from violent Islamists who blend into society and are not part of established jihadi groups, and are therefore much harder for security agencies to track down.
"It suggests they were a fairly amateur organisation that wanted to do something but didn't have the contacts, money or the wherewithal to go and get some high-grade explosive," said a former Western defence official with experience of working with improvised explosive devices in the Middle East.
The Western official and other people interviewed for this article spoke on condition of anonymity due to the ongoing investigation into Monday's attack.
A Russian security service officer said the bomb was made using methods brought to Russia from Syria, and the explosive was known as "chocolate" because of its brown colour.
"In contrast to the typical mixtures previously made (in Russia), Islamic State use sugar and the explosive has this earthy colour," they said, adding that it was likely "other people" were behind Jalilov's actions.
Russian media have cited law enforcement officials as saying Jalilov had radical Islamist links, raising the possibility that their attack was inspired by Islamic State, which has never struck a major Russian city.
Russia's Investigative Committee, the state body leading the investigation, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
So far, no-one has claimed responsibility for the blast, but Russia has been on alert for attacks in response to its actions in Syria, where it is supporting troops loyal to President Bashar al-Assad against Western-backed armed groups as well as hardline Islamists.
Islamic State has repeatedly threatened revenge and been linked to attacks elsewhere in Europe. If it is confirmed that the metro attack was linked to radical Islamists, it could provoke anger among some Russians at Moscow's decision to intervene in Syria, a year before an election which President Vladimir Putin is expected to win.
SOMETHING WENT WRONG
A Western forensic explosives expert said the bomb was possibly made by mixing sugar or fuel with ammonium nitrate, which could be linked to an Islamic State grouping, but not any particular faction.
"Often diesel is used for this, and that could produce a dark brown-coloured explosive. Many of the homemade main charges recovered in Iraq and Syria use (this method)," they said.
Whatever Jalilov's methods, all five sources said one thing was clear: the bomber's plan went awry.
The bomb recovered at St. Petersburg's Ploshchad Vosstaniya metro station, a short distance from the blast site, was likely left on a timer but failed to explode because the detonation mechanism was faulty or set incorrectly, said Neil Gibson, a senior weapons analyst at Jane's.
The other sources said problems mixing the explosive could have resulted in a dud bomb, indicating rushed and inexpert assembly.
"When you are going to blow yourself up, you need to ... test the mixture. It's very hard to get it right," said the former Western defence official. "If they didn't have enough time to get the mixing right, it could easily explain why that bomb didn't go off."
Gibson said an analysis of pictures from the blast site also suggested the main attack had not gone to plan, with a weak blast inflicting little damage on the train carriage.
Irina Avidon, a St. Petersburg resident who was travelling in the metro carriage next to the explosion, told Reuters the rest of the train was unaware a bomb had gone off.
"There was a bang, quite loud but not extremely. A hatch flew up from the floor and sparks came out, there was smoke but it wasn't dense, everything was visible in our carriage," they said.
"The train arrived in the station and we got off. At that moment, when I saw the torn-up neighbouring carriage, everything became very scary."
The weak blast and small amount of physical destruction means the charge Jalilov used was small or the bomb was badly designed, Gibson said, citing possible problems with the shape, detonator and composition of the explosive.
Jalilov's decision to detonate in the middle of the day, when the metro was relatively empty, is a further sign the attack was poorly executed or compromised, Gibson added.
Russia's Kommersant newspaper on Tuesday cited a source as saying security services had been tipped off about the planned attack and were closing in on the suspects.
"If the first (bomb) was a suicide device, as it seems to be, then it may have gone off early due to some error in construction," Gibson said.
"Or the person thought they were being followed, so detonated the device as soon as they thought they could and still kill as many people as possible."
(Additional reporting by Polina Nikolskaya; Editing by Giles Elgood)
Aldi's monstrous 'Big Daddy' rump steak is making a return to the shelves.
The 454g slab of meat last made an appearance back in June and was a firm favourite among ravenous carnivores - so the supermarket is getting back out there in time for the August Bank Holiday.
It will go back on sale on August 24 and will stay there until stocks last.
The discount supermarket describes the cut as 'extra thick'. It's a 21-day matured number ideal for leisurely days where getting the meat sweats don't matter.
It also costs just £4.99.
The steak, which Aldi says is 100 per cent British beef, is 100g heavier than its closest rival – Tesco's 350g The Finest rump. Aldi's is also 42 per cent cheaper per kg, an even greater margin than when the German supermarket released the product for the first time.
Given the fact the steak sold out so quickly at the beginning of summer, Aldi has doubled its stock levels for this run. But, again, the company says that "once it's gone, it's gone".
Aldi's Tony Baines told the Mirror : “We just had to bring it back, and the August Bank Holiday seemed like the perfect opportunity for this.
"This premium British rump steak is an example of Aldi's commitment to offering quality, locally-sourced products at amazing low prices, once again allowing customers to make substantial savings on luxury products without compromise.”
HOUSTON (AP) — Several school districts, cities and other government agencies are still waiting for a Texas insurer to pay nearly $60 million in claims from Hurricane Ike, adding to more insurance worries in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.
The Texas Windstorm Insurance Association provides insurance covering only wind and hail for nearly 235,000 policyholders in a 14-county area of coastal Texas. It doesn't cover claims arising from flooding, such as that caused by Harvey, the Houston Chronicle reported .
Texas City Independent School District leads the list of nine entities still seeking funds from the insurer with more than $17 million in outstanding Ike claims. Dickinson ISD is second with $10.5 million.
Officials with the entities said they have little faith the insurer will pay the claims without more legal battles.
Advertisement
“It's scary,” said Vicki Mims, Dickinson superintendent whose community was also hit by Harvey. “As a school district, we have some resources to use. …If you're a homeowner, what do you do? Fight TWIA for 10 years?”
Five of the entities still seeking funds for Ike are trying to work through an appraisal process to figure out how much the insurer should pay. Dickinson ISD filed a lawsuit and has battled a legal appeal in an effort to recover the losses.
The pending Ike claims are outliers and don't indicate any problems for Harvey claims, said Jennifer Armstrong, a spokesperson for the insurer.
Claims through the insurer have become more complicated since Ike struck Texas in 2008. State lawmakers passed a series of laws in 2011 making an appraisal process the only avenue through which policyholders can dispute claims and capping the amount of damages if a court finds TWIA guilty of wrongdoing. Policyholders should be concerned because the new appraisal process is difficult to maneuver and because the insurer is less liable for damages if they do something wrong, said Wade Wendell of Texas Watch, a policyholder advocacy group.
“They're rigging the process,” Wendell said. “These changes further incentivize TWIA to test to see if policyholders can afford a lawyer or if they have the stomach to fight them in court for years.”
___
Information from: Houston Chronicle, http://www.houstonchronicle.com
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Turkey will bid to host the Euro 2024 football tournament after three previous unsuccessful attempts, Turkish Football Federation head Yildirim Demiroren said on Wednesday.
The country previously made bids to stage the finals in 2008, 2012 and 2016.
“On this occasion we believe both as a management board and a country that we deserve to get it,” Demiroren said at a meeting to announce the candidacy with sports minister Akif Cagatay Kilic.
Turkey will make its official application on March 2, Demiroren added. UEFA will announce all 2024 bidders on March 10 and its decision on the winning bid in September 2018.
The Turkish federation chief highlighted the country's recent investments in stadiums as an asset to their bid.
“Turkey is the only example of a country in Europe or even the world which has made as many as 32 stadium investments in the last few years,” Demiroren said.
click to enlarge Poster Design by Sisal Creative
The Summer Shindig returns to the Royal American on Sat. June 30 at 4:30 p.m. with a multi-genre lineup of eight acts performing throughout the evening on one huge outdoor stage. This year's bill is a beaut: electro-dance duo 2 Slices, alt-hip-hop act Little Stranger, hip-hop artist Benjamin Starr, Americana power duo InLaws, electro band Human Resources, harmonic rockers Sondor Blue, electro-pop Babe Club (members of SUSTO), and garage rockers Rare Creatures.InLaws — Mechanical River's Joel T Hamilton and Indianola's Owen Beverly — were a scene staple nearly a decade ago and will perform songs from their upcoming album release.The Shindig will feature grub from the Royal American and Home Team BBQ, plus TBA food trucks. Beer trucks will be parked in the lot.The Summer Shindig began as an affair strictly for Hearts & Plugs artists but since the label dissolved two years ago following Southern Discomfort, it's turned into a bigger day-long festival celebrating a more varied lineup of genres, serving a more diverse group of fans.Tickets are $20 and are on sale now.
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating three allegations against the former “House of Cards” star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives had received a total of five allegations of sexual assault and one of assault against a man.
Five of the alleged offenses took place in London between 1996 and 2008, and the sixth in the western English city of Gloucester in 2013.
Spacey, a two-time Oscar winner, has been accused of sexual assault and inappropriate behavior by numerous men since actor Anthony Rapp alleged last year that Spacey had climbed on top of them on a bed when Rapp was 14 and Spacey 26.
After Rapp's allegation, London's Old Vic theater, where Spacey was artistic director for 11 years until 2015, launched an investigation into its former leader. The theater said in November that it had received 20 allegations of inappropriate behavior by Spacey, and had encouraged 14 of the complainants to go to the police.
Spacey apologized to Rapp in October for “deeply inappropriate drunken behavior” and later released a statement saying they were seeking unspecified treatment. They have not commented on the other allegations.
In the wake of the allegations they were fired from political drama “House of Cards” and erased from Ridley Scott feature “All the Money in the World.” The film “Billionaire Boys Club,” a financial drama Spacey shot in 2015, is due for release this summer.
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's main opposition Congress party on Monday named Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty, as party president.
Gandhi was elected to the post unopposed and succeeds their mother, Sonia Gandhi, for the top job in the party.
The party had previously governed India for decades before the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata party swept to power in 2014. Gandhi faces the difficult task of resurrecting a crumbling Congress party, a task made harder by a series of crushing defeats in state elections over the last year.
Gandhi, 47, entered politics in 2004 and is a member of India's Parliament. They were appointed party vice president in 2013.
Advertisement
Sonia Gandhi has led the party for 19 years. They have had health problems over the last few years, but the family and party have released little information about them.
Rahul Gandhi becomes the sixth member of the Nehru-Gandhi family to lead Congress. Their father, Rajiv Gandhi, their grandmother Indira Gandhi and their great-grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru have served as prime minister since India's independence from British colonialists in 1947.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. – The former student who gunned down 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, recorded their plans on three cellphone videos, saying in one that they would try to kill at least 20 people.
According to newly released transcripts of the videos obtained from a source close to the investigation, Nikolas Cruz details how they will carry out the shooting.
"I'm gonna go take Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 (p.m.). From there I'll go into -- onto school campus, walk up the stairs, unload my bags and get my AR and shoot people down at the man -- what is it? -- the main courtyard, wait, and people will die," they say.
Investigators discovered the videos on Cruz's cellphone, which was taken into evidence after the shooting. The videos are listed on the prosecution's discovery list. Authorities didn't say when the videos were recorded.
"He knew what they were doing," said Andrew Pollack, father of Meadow Pollack, a senior who was killed. Pollack said that Cruz, whom they refer to as "18-1958" (Cruz's case number), won't be able to claim at trial that they were insane or that they didn't know what they were doing. "It's all premeditated murder."
Pollack, who had not seen the recordings at the time of their CNN interview, said of Cruz: "He was going to be laughing while they were doing it. They laughed in the videos (according to the transcripts).
"And they just planned how they were going floor to floor and shoot these, shoot my daughter, and shot them nine times."
Pollack said they felt conflicted by the release of the videos. They don't want the shooter to get more publicity, but they believe the recordings are very important evidence.
On February 14, Cruz used an AR-15-style rifle to kill 17 people and wound 17 others.
In one video, Cruz says, "Today is the day. The day it all begin. The day of my massacre shall begin. All the kids in school will run and fear and hide. From the wrath of my power they will know who I am."
"Hello, my name is Nick and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018," says Cruz at the start of another video. "My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple tracer rounds."
"It's going to be a big event. And when you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am," they said before laughing.
They end that video saying, "You're all going to die. Pew, pew-pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew. Ah yeah. Can't wait."
Cruz, a former Stoneman Douglas student, roamed the hallways of the 1200 building on campus February 14 for several minutes, targeting victims huddled in classrooms on the first and second floors, killing 14 students and three school employees in one of the deadliest mass shootings in modern US history.
They confessed to the crimes, police said.
A Broward County grand jury indicted the 19-year-old Cruz in March on 17 counts of premeditated murder in the first degree and 17 counts of attempted murder in the first degree. A judge entered a not-guilty plea on Cruz's behalf during their arraignment.
Broward County prosecutors have said they plan to seek the death penalty despite their attorney's offer of a guilty plea in exchange for a life sentence.
If a jury condemns Cruz to die, it will take years for the execution to be carried out. At age 19, they would be the youngest death row inmate in the state.
Florida has 347 people on death row, and has executed 96 people since 1976. So far this year, the state has executed one person.
(Q13 News has made an editorial decision not to publish the disturbing videos.)
Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom George Brandis has met the Queen during a private audience at Buckingham Palace.
The former attorney-general and Queensland senator took up their post in London earlier this month, replacing Alexander Downer, and met the Queen on Wednesday.
Attention has been drawn to a photograph of Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex in the room where the Queen received Mr Brandis, believed to have been taken prior to the royal wedding on May 19.
Earlier this month, Mr Brandis controversially labelled the government of their former colleague Tony Abbott as "ideologically right wing", sparking an angry response from Mr Abbott who tweeted, "George Brandis has begun their ambassadorship with a partisan attack that rewrites history".
If you've ever slipped and fallen ice, you're probably not a fan of ice storms. Or perhaps you've lost trees or branches from the heavy ice coating. Ice storms can have devastating results for trees in forests, too. New research studied the effects of lab-created ice storms on forest ecosystems.
The "Why Ice Storms Aren't Cool" presentation at the Managing Global Resources for a Secure Future ASA, CSSA, SSSA International Annual Meeting in Tampa, FL, will address this important topic. The presentation will be held Monday, October 23, 2017, 9:55 AM. The meeting is sponsored by the American Society of Agronomy, Crop Science Society of America, and the Soil Science Society of America.
"Ice storms are a common disturbance in north temperate and boreal forests worldwide," says presenter Lindsey Rustad. Rustad is a researcher with the USDA Forest Service in New Hampshire.
"They are major causes of disruption in towns, cities, and forests; we expect them to be more frequent and more severe with climate change," says Rustad. "And, scientifically, we don't know much about them. There hasn't been a lot of research about the short- and long-term effects of ice storms on the forest-on forest health, vegetation growth, wildlife, how nutrients like carbon and nitrogen cycle in the system. The more we understand about ice storms, the more people can identify risks and have plans for what to do after, like planning for salvage cuts. Many land managers say they were caught off guard by the big ice storm of 1998. This research will help answer questions about how forests respond naturally to big ice storm disturbances."
Rustad's research is a long-term study using multiple approaches to determine results. It combines data about created lab ice storms with climate modeling work.
###
For more information about the 2017 meeting, visit https:/ / www. acsmeetings. org/ . Media are invited to attend the conference. Pre-registration by Oct. 10, 2017 is required. Visit https:/ / www. acsmeetings. org/ media for registration information. For information about the "Why Ice Storms Aren't Cool" presentation, visit https:/ / scisoc. confex. com/ crops/ 2017am/ webprogram/ Paper106248. html .
To speak with one of the scientists, contact Susan V. Fisk, 608-273-8091, sfisk@sciencesocieties.org to arrange an interview.
With the Summer Months kicking off, so do parties, BBQ's and family get together. Listen in as Linda Bridgeman-Smith, Program Manager, SD County Behavioral Health Services, talks about "Social Hosting", and the responsibility of the host in serving to minors.
Future Market Insights (FMI), in its new research report titled “Dairy Products Packaging Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012-2016) and Opportunity Assessment (2017-2027)” has included analysis on various market segments of the dairy products packaging market. The analysis unveils major revenue pockets that the reader can tap in order to grab major hold in the global market. Moreover, the research report also covers opportunity assessment along with vital insights on each market segment, developments and innovations in the current packaging solutions as well as growth drivers positively influencing the expansion of the global dairy products packaging market.
Growth in the Packaging Industry Coupled with a Growing Dairy Industry to Fuel the Adoption of Packaging Solutions for Dairy Products
According to the research, the global packaging industry was valued at about US$ 880 Bn in 2016. The main trends impacting the growth of the packaging industry is the increasing focus on wellness of consumers. Among various types of packaging, flexible and rigid packaging are gaining high steam. The application of packaging in various end use industries has been on the rise since past years. Among the end use industries and respective applications, the food and dairy products sector has shown high inclination towards use of packaging solutions and also accounted for a higher market share in the overall packaging sector. The growth in the dairy industry across regions around the globe is expected to create significant demand for packaging of dairy products for the purpose of distribution and storage, thus fuelling the growth of the global dairy products packaging market.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-638
FMI Recommends Key Players to Focus on the Markets in Asia Pacific Excluding Japan
Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) has been a lucrative region for the growth of the packaging industry as a whole. With respect to dairy products, this region has been at the forefront since several years. The APEJ region is anticipated to reflect maximum growth in the market for packaging of dairy products owing to increasing consumption of dairy products across countries in this region. China and India are the major growth pockets for the dairy products packaging market, with China leading the market in APEJ. Moreover, there has been an increasing the number of outlets across countries in Asia Pacific excluding Japan, which is another aspect contributing to the market's growth in this region. The dairy products packaging market in APEJ is projected to expand at a high value CAGR of 6.4% throughout the period of assessment.
“We expect the global market for dairy products packaging to grow at the rate of 4.5% during the 2017-2027 timeline with growth largely driven by milk and yogurt packaging products.”
––– Research Specialist – Packaging, Future Market Insights
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-638
Growing Demand for Aseptic Packaging in the Dairy Industry to Drive Global Market Growth
Aseptic packaging enhances the shelf-life of several dairy products, both solid and liquid. Consumers are focusing on healthy lifestyle along with food safety. Growing focus on food safety has compelled manufacturers of dairy products to use healthy packaging formats. This has spurred the use of aseptic packaging. Aseptic packaging formats include pouches, liquid cartons, bottles, cups, jars, composite cans and metal cans. The increasing adoption of aseptic packaging for dairy products is expected to bode well for dairy products packaging market at a global level.
Read more Information @https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dairy-products-packaging-market-to-grow-at-the-rate-of-45-during-the-2017-2027-676546833.html
Competition Analysis
The research report covers analysis of various key players involved in the packaging of dairy products. Key companies such as Amcor Limited, Sealed Air Corp., Tetra Pak ITC Ltd., Greiner Packaging GmbH, General Films, Inc., RPC Group Plc., KOROZO Ambalaj San. Ve Tic. A.S., Sonoco Products Company, Bemis Company, DS Smith Plc., Smurfit Kappa Group PLC, Huhtamaki Oyj, Schur Flexibles Holding GesmbH, Stora Enso Oyj, Berry Global Group, Inc., Constantia Flexibles GmbH, Winpak Ltd., and Uflex Ltd., are profiled in this research report.
Kansas City Royals' Hunter Dozier (17) celebrates in the dugout after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
Kansas City Royals' Hunter Dozier (17) celebrates in the dugout after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) - Mike Moustakas helped the Kansas City Royals take a nine-run lead in the second inning. They nearly gave it all away.
Moustakas homered, doubled and drove in four runs in the first two innings, Jorge Soler went 4 for 5 with a home run, but the Royals nearly blew the big lead before holding on for a 11-8 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night.
Moustakas' double in the first scored Jon Jay and Alcides Escobar. Moustakas' 12th homer was a towering two-run shot in the second that just made it into the front row of the right-field seats and barely fair.
According to Statcast, it had a 46-degree launch angle, the highest in the majors this season, and carried 339 feet.
"I knew I hit it good, but I just wasn't sure if it would stay fair and if it was going to go far enough," Moustakas said. "That was a high one for sure."
The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a seven-run second to build a 9-0 lead. Soler nearly had a two-run homer in the inning, but after a review it was changed to a run-producing double. The second inning also included Ryan Goins' two-run triple.
Every Royals starter had scored in the first two innings, but it almost wasn't enough.
"We just couldn't slow them down," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "We weren't throwing strikes. We were leaving balls up. They just kept adding on, adding on, adding on."
The Twins chipped away at the Royals' lead, including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings, respectively.
"We fought back and then getting right back in the dugout," Dozier said. "We were right where we needed to be as far as momentum shifting our way. We just couldn't capitalize on it."
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8. Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third, preserving the Royals' lead.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with their first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for their fourth hit, matching their career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory.
"I didn't want to use McCarthy today," Yost said. "He's been in four out of five, but we were at the point we had to. They came in and did a phenomenal job."
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for their 12th save.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters they faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. Their ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15.
"They were jumping me from the first pitch," Romero said. "They were just hitting everything."
Jay singled in the seventh to extend their hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was there were only two outs.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. They came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings. The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. They gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in their second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding their game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from their minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. They will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making their big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The State has completed its investigation into the Waikele bunker explosion that killed five employees of Donaldson Enterprises, Inc.
In opening statements Tuesday, federal prosecutors said a company and one of its executive tied to a 2011 Waikele bunker blast that killed five employees showed a "reckless disregard" for safety.
In opening statements Tuesday, federal prosecutors said a company and one of its executive tied to a 2011 Waikele bunker blast that killed five employees showed a "reckless disregard" for safety.
Trial of company and executive tied to a fatal 2011 Waikele bunker blast begins
Trial of company and executive tied to a fatal 2011 Waikele bunker blast begins
Six years after a deadly explosion at a Waikele bunker that killed 5 people, a company manager tied to operations at the site of the blast won't spend any time behind bars.
Instead, a federal court judge sentenced Carlton Finley to one year probation Monday.
They agreed to a deal with prosecutors and pleaded guilty to mishandling fireworks.
Finley is a former project manager for Donaldson Enterprises, the company that used the bunker to store and dispose of illegal fireworks.
Finley told the judge the incident left their family "devastated," and that they now help victims of explosive ordnances.
They were the only person convicted of a crime following the incident. Finley's boss, Charles Donaldson, was acquitted, but still faced civil suits from the victim's families.
Finley was also ordered to pay a $250 fine.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
IT'S NOT EVERYDAY that Panama's conservation efforts get international recognition, especially when linked to the lowly sloth.
The Zoological Sociery of London (ZLS) has announced that Dr Diorene Smith Cabellos has been honored with a Conservation Hero Award from the Disney Conservation Fund.
The award is for their work with the elusive pygmy three toed sloth on the Island of Isla Escudo de Veraguas to establish the first and only ongoing research program to monitor the critically endangered species, found only on that single island, in 2012.
With fewer than 100 individuals left on the island, Dr Cabellos's work is vital to saving this important species threatened by increased human disturbance on the remote island, says a ZLS statement
Dr Cabellos is working with local communities, authorities and NGOs to study and protect the species.
As the population is mainly concentrated in the mangrove habitats of the island, their work requires them to tackle an often inhospitable environment – she's had to derive some very innovative solutions to technology that malfunctions in the wet, salt-laden environment
“What may be most amazing about Dr Cabellos is that she's managed to do all of this important conservation work in their spare time while working as a full-time zoo curator and veterinarian,” says the ZLS.
The Disney award recognizes local citizens for their commitment to reversing the decline of wildlife and engaging communities in conservation and winners are awarded $1,500 to contribute towards their conservation work.
Dr Cabellos is part of ZSL's EDGE Fellowship program which aims to create a new global network of in-country conservationists by awarding two-year fellowships and training programs to future conservation-leaders working on poorly known important species.
A mural by Alicia McCarthy from 2017 is displayed in the San Francisco Art Institute at Pier 2 in Fort Mason.
Above: McCarthy and Neri, close since their student days, are seen here in Neri's 1965 Ford Falcon in 1992.
Alicia McCarthy works on a piece in their studio in Oakland, a maze-like colorful weave that is their signature style.
Alicia McCarthy, seen working on a piece on plexiglas for their 2017 exhibit at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, is joining with their longtime friend Ruby Neri for a new exhibit at Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive. The two were members of the “Mission School” art scene in the 1990s. less
Alicia McCarthy, seen working on a piece on plexiglas for their 2017 exhibit at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, is joining with their longtime friend Ruby Neri for a new exhibit at Berkeley Art Museum and ... more
“Untitled,” from 2017 is one of Alicia McCarthy's distinctive pieces in spray paint and latex paint, pencil and crayon.
Alicia McCarthy first painted a woven grid on a square piece of plywood they found on the street in the Mission District in the 1990s.
Using their tiniest paintbrush, they first drew a thin line from side to side on the panel. By the time they finished, the block of wood was covered with horizontal and interweaving lines. They did not title it and gave it to a friend nicknamed Shanna Banana.
Twenty years later, the maze-like weave is McCarthy's signature painting style. It has had gallery shows in San Francisco and New York. Both the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and the Oakland Museum of California own McCarthy's paintings, and an 18-foot-square weave is on the wall at the central stairway at San Francisco Art Institute at Fort Mason.
“All of the work is like a slow train, picking up cars along the journey,” said McCarthy, who now has five fresh paintings plus a wall mural on display at the Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive.
More Information Alicia McCarthy and Ruby Neri/Matrix 270: 11 a.m.-7 p.m. Wednesday, Thursday and Sunday; 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Friday-Saturday. Through Aug. 26. Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive, 2155 Center St. Berkeley. 510-642-0808. bampfa.org
Read More
Just one of the five paintings is a full-color weave like the original.
“You can't put two in a room together or they start fighting with each other,” they say from their studio in Oakland.
But there is still fighting to be done in the room because McCarthy's five abstract line paintings share the gallery with five large pots glazed in the female form by Ruby Neri, a Los Angeles artist who is the daughter of painter and sculptor Manuel Neri, part of the Bay Area Figurative Movement.
The exhibition is titled “Alicia McCarthy and Ruby Neri/Matrix 270,” but it is not a collaboration. In the gallery their art looks incongruous, but to McCarthy it makes perfect sense.
“It is our approach to our own individual materials that connects the work,” they say. “I don't know why it works, but it does.”
McCarthy and Neri were born in Oakland less than a year apart. They met as undergraduates at San Francisco Art Institute in 1990 and became so close that they painted on each other's canvases.
They also lived together in a $700 three-bedroom apartment with a fellow student, photographer Spencer Maynard Mack.
The three were central to what has come to be known as “The Mission School,” a glorious moment that had more than two dozen artists, all in their 20s, working in dance, punk rock, graffiti, painting, underground comics, street art and any other media that made the Mission what it was in the '90s.
The dot-com boom scattered the “Mission School” before the name was even coined. Neri moved to Hollywood to get their MFA from UCLA, and McCarthy moved to Oakland and got their MFA from UC Berkeley.
McCarthy went on to be named a Society for the Encouragement of Contemporary Art 2017 winner at SFMOMA. Neri's work is in the the collection of the Hammer Museum at UCLA.
They had neither worked nor shown their pieces together for about 15 years when they were reunited by the Matrix program at Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive, which is celebrating its 40th anniversary of showcasing leading voices in contemporary art.
“Alicia and Ruby are legendary figures specific to what was happening in San Francisco in the 1990s,” said exhibition curator Apsara Diquinzio. “Their aesthetic was rooted in graffiti, and I wanted to put them in dialogue again, to see what would emerge now.”
McCarthy and Neri make up the 270th exhibition in the Matrix series. The show runs through Aug. 26 and includes a limited-edition poster and the wall mural by McCarthy.
“I'm always surprised when people ask me to participate in anything,” they say. “To do it with Ruby was the best part of it. I'm excited just to be in a room alone with her.”
As the weave paintings have become identifiable as McCarthy collectibles, they have heard of them being found at the dump and on the street. The original that they gave to Shanna Banana has made its way to Munich where they now lives.
And while McCarthy is sentimental about their friends, they aren't with their work.
“Once it leaves my studio, it is on its own life track,” they said.
Sam Whiting is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com. Instagram: sfchronicle_art
MILWAUKEE — Right-hander Alex Reyes was activated from the 60-day disabled list by the St. Louis Cardinals after recovering from Tommy John surgery and was set to start against Milwaukee in their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings. Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta.
23-year-old right-hander, Reyes was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. They struck out 44 in 23 innings.
Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis before Wednesday's game and right-hander Dominic Leone, out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation, was transferred to the 60-day disabled list.
Scientists considered climate change and indiscriminate use of fire to calculate that deforestation rates ranging from 20% to 25% could turn Amazon's hydrological cycle unable to support its ecosystem.
Deforestation of the Amazon is about to reach a threshold beyond which the region's tropical rainforest may undergo irreversible changes that transform the landscape into degraded savanna with sparse shrubby plant cover and low biodiversity.
This warning derives from an editorial published in the journal Science Advances. The article was co-authored by Thomas Lovejoy, a professor at George Mason University in the United States, and Carlos Nobre, chair of Brazil's National Institute of Science & Technology (INCT) for Climate Change - one of the INCTs supported by FAPESP (São Paulo Research Foundation) in partnership with the National Council for Scientific & Technological Development (CNPq).
"The Amazon system is close to a tipping point," Lovejoy said. According to the authors, since the 1970s, when studies conducted by Professor Eneas Salati demonstrated that the Amazon generates approximately half of its own rainfall, the question has been raised of how much deforestation would be required to degrade the region's hydrological cycle to the point at which it would be unable to support rainforest ecosystems.
The first models developed to answer this question showed that the tipping point would be reached if approximately 40% of the region were deforested. In this case, central, southern and eastern Amazonia would experience diminished rainfall and a lengthier dry season. Moreover, the vegetation in the southern and eastern parts of the region would become similar to savanna.
In recent decades, new factors in addition to deforestation have affected the hydrological cycle. These factors include climate change and indiscriminate use of fire by agriculturists during the dry season to eliminate felled trees and clear areas for crops or pasture.
The combination of these three factors indicates a shift to non-forest ecosystems in the eastern, southern and central portions of the Amazon region at between 20% and 25% deforestation, according to the authors.
The calculation derives from a study published in 2016 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and conducted by Nobre and other researchers at the INPE, the National Space Research Institute (from which Nobre is a retired researcher), the Natural Disaster Surveillance & Early Warning Center (CEMADEN) and the University of Brasília (UnB).
"Although we don't know the exact tipping point, we estimate that the Amazon is very close to this irreversible limit," Nobre said. "Deforestation of the Amazon has already reached 20%, equivalent to 1 million square kilometers, although 15% [150,000 km²] is recovering."
Safety margin
According to the researchers, the megadroughts of 2005, 2010 and 2015-16 could well represent the first signs that this tipping point is about to be reached.
These events, together with major floods in 2009, 2012 and 2014, suggest the entire Amazon system is oscillating. "Human action intensifies the disturbances to the region's hydrological cycle," Nobre said.
"If there were no human activity in the Amazon, a megadrought would cause the loss of a certain number of trees, but they would grow back in a year with abundant rainfall, restoring the forest to equilibrium. When you have a megadrought combined with widespread use of fire, the forest's capacity for regeneration diminishes."
To keep the Amazon tipping point at bay, the researchers advocate not just strict control to prevent further deforestation but also the construction of a safety margin by reducing the deforested area to less than 20%.
For the coordinator of the FAPESP-funded institute, besides halting deforestation completely in the Amazon, Brazil must fulfill its 2015 Paris Accord undertaking to reforest 12 million hectares nationwide by 2030, with the Amazon accounting for 5 million hectares.
"If deforestation is brought to a full stop in the Amazon and Brazil fulfills its reforestation commitment, totally deforested areas will account for approximately 16%-17% of the Amazon by 2030," Nobre said.
"We'd be very close to the threshold but with a safety margin so that deforestation alone doesn't take the biome beyond the tipping point."
###
About São Paulo Research Foundation (FAPESP)
Emmy winner Christine Baranski didn't have to do much acting for The Good Fight‘s opening scene, in which Diane Lockhart looks on in horror as Donald Trump gets sworn in as the 45th president of the United States.
RELATEDThe Good Fight Review: The Verdict on the Spinoff Is In (and It's… Good)
Baranski detailed the scene (and screened a clip, as seen above) during an appearance on Tuesday's Late Show With Stephen Colbert, explaining how the Good Wife spinoff needed an 11th-hour rewrite in the wake of Trump's upset win over Hillary Clinton.
“The pilot was written on the supposition that we would have a female president,” Baranski said. “But in editing, [creators Robert and Michelle King] realized they had an opportunity…. [The opening scene] was shot after the election, but before the inauguration, so I had hadn't had the opportunity of seeing [Trump's actual swearing-in], but the director said, ‘Imagine that you're shocked,' and I said, ‘No worry. I can play this.”
RELATEDThe Good Wife Spinoff: Trump Victory Forced 11th Hour Script Rewrite
Prior to their sitdown with Colbert, Baranski appeared “via satellite” as the disgruntled wife of member of congress Chris Collins, who earlier that day alleged that other Republicans weren't available to comment on National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's resignation because they had all taken their wives out for Valentine's Day breakfasts. This, of course, left “Mrs. Congressman Collins” home to drown their sorrows in chardonnay.
Press PLAY on the video above to watch a clip from The Good Fight premiere, and the video below to watch “Mrs. Congressman Collins” get sloshed.
Market Highlights:
A submarine is one of the most complex platforms in Navy. Submarines are equipped with payloads systems, which accommodate advanced technologies and enhance the submarine's warfighting capabilities. The wide variety of payloads mounted on submarines make them more flexible, survivable, and effective. For instance, nuclear-powered submarines and ballistic missile submarines carry payloads such as torpedoes and cruise missiles. Therefore, significant investment has been done on the development of submarine payload, and consequently the market would witness a rapid growth during the forecast period. However, only a few countries are working on the development of submarine payload systems due to limited defense expenses and lack of modernization, which is a major restraint for the market.
Some of the recent developments in the market would be, BAE systems signing a contract with General Dynamics Electric Boat to begin work associated with the production of Virginia Payload Module (VPM) tubes for Block V Virginia-class submarines, which contains four large-diameter payload tubes capable of storing and launching up to seven Tomahawk cruise missiles, General Dynamics Electric Boat signing a contract with U.S. Navy to provide research and development and lead-yard services for Virginia-class nuclear-powered attack submarines which include Virginia Payload Module, and Raytheon signing a contract with U.S. Navy to build Tomahawk cruise missiles from new submarine payload tubes.
Request a Sample report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6008
Major Key Players
BAE Systems (U.K),
General Dynamics (U.S.),
Lockheed Martin (U.S.),
Northrop Grumman (U.S.),
DSME (South Korea),
Raytheon (U.S.),
Thales (France),
Fincantieri (Italy),
Huntington Ingalls Industries (U.S.), and Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Japan)
The increased need for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) will enable the defense vendors to offer new growth opportunities for the market players. The factors responsible for the growth of the global submarine payload market are extensive investments in the development and installation of command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems, missiles, radars, and sensors on the submarines by countries such as the U.S., Russia, China, India, Iran, Japan, South Korea, Turkey, and the U.K. Another key driver for the growth of the global submarine payload market is the increase in the number of naval defense units.
The submarines are equipped with payload systems such as vertical missile launch tubes, lock-out/lock-in chamber, and torpedo tubes. The submarine payload systems are designed for counter-terrorism, localized conflict operations, and nuclear warheads. The widespread use of submarines, procurement of newly-built submarines, export of new submarines, and spreading of submarine construction to several parts of the world has increased the competitiveness of submarine payload market. The changing trends in armaments policy in the naval industry have affected the submarine payload market, and several activities which used to be performed by government organizations are now being performed by commercial industries and previous government armament establishments which have now become commercial enterprises.
The global submarine payload market is segmented into submarine type, payload, application, and regions. Among submarine types, the nuclear-powered attack is widely used and has the largest market share in its segment. In the payload segment, sensors are estimated to have the largest demand during the forecast period, due to the continuous rise in R&D activities. When it comes to application, military application has the largest demand in submarine payload market, due to increasing technological requirements of military forces. For instance, Northrop Grumman Corporations Electronic Systems signed a contract of $34 million with U.S. Navy Strategic Systems Programs (SSP) to adopt missile tubes of fleet ballistic missile submarines for launching missiles, ranging from nuclear ballistic missiles to conventional cruise missiles.
On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and South America. The North America region is expected to dominate the market in future, due to the rise in defense budgets and spendings of the countries. Asia Pacific region is second to the North America region in the global submarine payload market, due to increase in border disputes and rising number of maritime conflicts in the Indian Ocean and the South China Sea, in the regions such as Australia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, Singapore, Taiwan, and Vietnam. Thus, the global submarine payload market is estimated to witness a CAGR of 4% from 2018 to 2023.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/submarine-payload-market-6008
The report for Global Submarine Payload Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts and key opinion leaders; it helps the reader gain a deeper insight into the market and industry performance.
Share. The animated adaptation of the Elseworlds comic shows off footage at NYCC. The animated adaptation of the Elseworlds comic shows off footage at NYCC.
At New York Comic Con today, Warner Bros. Animation offered up a first look at its next DC Universe Original Movie (its 31st!), Batman: Gotham by Gaslight. Based on the popular Elseworlds comics tale by Brian Augustyn and Mike Mignola, the film features a steampunk take on Batman as they pursue Jack the Ripper in turn-of-the-century Gotham City. This is Elseworlds 101 people!
The film, which is coming in early 2018, was executive-produced by DC animation legend Bruce Timm, directed and produced by Sam Liu (Teen Titans: The Judas Contract), and written by Jim Krieg (Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox), all of whom were in attendance to chat about the project and show off a few clips.
Timm explained that while the original comic was fairly short, they've expanded the story to include more characters from Batman's universe, including Harvey Dent and Selina Kyle. They likened it to a Gilligan's Island episode where Gilligan would get bonked on the head and the Professor was suddenly Sherlock Holmes, Mary Ann was suddenly Eliza Doolittle, and so on.
Another challenge to adapting the story was the fact that in the original comic, there was really only one suspect as to who was actually Jack the Ripper was. In the movie they're able to have more red herrings. It will also feature more adult material than a typical DC animated film, and the producers even went so far as to advise the studio that there's a chance that Gaslight could wind up with an R rating (it hasn't been submitted to the ratings board yet).
“Knowing this was our first Batman story that was just as much a horror movie as it was a superhero tale, we knew that the Jack the Ripper story was tricky territory,” said Timm. “It's as bloody as it needs to be. It's tastefully done, I guess, but it's the story of this guy who is a serial killer who's murdering women in our version of Whitechapel. … There's at least one sequence that makes you squirm. Maybe two.”
More from New York Comic Con:
DC's Earth M Imprint Revealed 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 12 Earth M preview art by Ken Lashley. 01 12 Earth M preview art by Ken Lashley. DC's Earth M Imprint Revealed DC Comics Download Image Captions ESC
Three clips were shown to the NYCC crowd to give us a sense of how the comic has been translated to animation form. The first involved the “Cock Robins,” a gang of Dickensian-esque street urchins named Dick, Jason and Tim who have been employed by a big lug of a criminal to rob innocent passersby. Batman arrives in their distinctly 19th century styled costume to take on this boss and kick their butt before telling the three Robins to go find “Sister Leslie,” who can hopefully lead them on the straight and narrow. (This nun is of course a riff on the Batman character Leslie Thompkins.)
The next clip involved Selina Kyle, who is not in a Catwoman costume here but does have a whip as they fight off a shadowy Jack the Ripper in a slaughterhouse. (Jennifer Carpenter (Dexter) voices Selina, while Young Justice and Batman: Under the Red Hood's Bruce Greenwood returns to voice Batman once again.)
The team pulled from several sources of inspiration when creating this take on Selina. Aside from Catwoman herself, they also looked to the Sherlock Holmes character Irene Adler as well as a character from the old film Jack the Ripper film The Lodger. That movie featured a can-can dance, and so Timm and their fellow creators decided Selina needed to do a dance too.
The third clip featured a bloodied Batman fighting a masked Jack top of a zeppelin, culminating in their head about to get pushed into rotating blades… But to find out what happens, we have to wait for the finished movie next year.
More from New York Comic Con:
The decision to depict Batman's cowl with open eyeholes rather than the standard white lenses was discussed. Not only does it adhere closer to Mignola's original design, but the team felt that it also makes them more human and relatable.
“That's one of the things we keyed in on from the original comic,” said Timm. “Mike drew Batman as if they have an old aviator's helmet on. … I thought it definitely gave them a different aspect. It had an interesting effect on us. I think it made us think of them as a little more human. Normally I think of Batman as their true self and Bruce Wayne the costume, but here [it's different].”
Indeed, the art is not a direct adaptation of Mignola's style, because it would've simply been too expensive to fully bring that shadowy approach to life. But the film definitely takes cues from Mignola. Those stark contrasts and shadows helped when keeping Jack the Ripper's identity a secret as well. Some other changes were made to the story as well when translating it to film.
“It's tricky because it's Jack the Ripper but the entire thing is transposed into Gotham City,” said Timm. “In the original story the murders take place in London and then they travel across the ocean to Gotham. … There are certain nods to the historical Jack the Ripper. But none of the victims are the real victims. … We wanted to incorporate elements of London from that time into Gotham City, like the peas-soup fog. … It set the visual tone of the city. Everything is lit by that kind of horrible polluted fog.”
The group also noted that Penny Dreadful was very popular among the crew when they were designing Gotham By Gaslight, and so they got to scratch that itch.
Some other notes from the panel:
-Expect to see Hugo Strange in the film as the director of a “really, really horrible” version of Arkham Asylum.
-Timm said that the Superman story Red Son is “at the very top of our list if we get to make another” Elseworlds film. “In a weird way it's sort of the opposite of this one in terms of scope and length. It would be a challenge to fit it into one movie.”
-There is a bat vehicle that is somewhat steampunk inspired.
Batman Visual History of Gotham 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 35 Click through for a Visual History of Batman's Gotham City... 01 35 Clicks through for a Visual History of Batman's Gotham City... Batman Visual History of Gotham Download Image Captions ESC
-On downgrading Batman's gadgets due to the time period: Krieg said, “He's using their bat brain. There's no bat computer. They have a bat abacus! He's the world's greatest detective. He's like Sherlock Holmes. There's certainly a nod to the gadgets, but the greatest gadget is under the cowl.”
-Timm: “We don't get to show Batman using actual detection [too often]. So this was our chance to jump whole hog into that. … Certainly when they and Selina meet cute, they're pulling the Sherlock Holmes [move] on each other. … Instant attraction because they're both detective nerds.”
-Expect Easter eggs for Batman, Sherlock Holmes, Jack the Ripper, and old movies.
-On whether the Batman vs. vampires story Red Rain will ever get made: “That's one that has come up occasionally,” said Timm. “I really like the idea of Red Rain. Actually back in the days of Batman: The Animated Series we had an idea to do a vampire story, but at the time we were told no vampire stories. But that's one we'd like to do.”
Look for Gotham By Gaslight in early 2018.
Talk to Senior Editor Scott Collura on Twitter at @ScottCollura.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crewe FC have been named the Grassroots Club of the Year for Cheshire – and could be in line for a national award.
The club, based at the Cumberland Arena, won the Cheshire FA vote after being recognised for the huge strides they have taken to give playing opportunities to children.
More than 400 youngsters have got into the game, over 40 have been progressed into professional academies in the past 12 months, and they support 35 qualified coaches and about 50 unpaid volunteers.
Next week Crewe FC will receive their award at a ceremony, and next month they will learn whether they have been selected as the national winners by the FA.
Chairman Steve Parker said: “It's a fantastic recognition of all the hard work and dedication that goes on at Crewe FC to make it a truly outstanding community club.
“Each and every person connected with the club has played a part in the progress we have made, particularly over the past 12-18 months. And they should feel a great sense of pride in what we are collectively achieving.
“We also have to thank Kindertons, our main sponsor, as this progress wouldn't have been achievable without their support.
“In addition, our community partners Everybody Leisure, Crewe Town Council, Area 51 and McDonald's have also played pivotal roles in helping us progress both on and off the field, and we look forward to their continued support as we move forward over the next few years.”
The Grassroots Football Awards recognise and celebrate the work of individuals and groups to instil the FA's PRIDE values – Progressive, Respectful, Inclusive, Determination and Excellent – and make a difference in their club, league or local community.
Cheshire FA received almost 3,000 nominations across 10 categories, and the winners will be presented with prizes at a bash in Altrincham on Wednesday, July 13.
On Monday the FA's National Panel will meet to select national winners, and they will be formally announced at the 2018 FA Community Shield on August 5.
Crewe FC, who have earned Chartered Standard Community Club status, were also praised for taking six junior teams to compete in an international tournament in Holland.
They were also commended for raising close to £10,000 for local charities and community groups over the past 12 months, as well as setting up their own futsal league
Crewe's free community sessions for five-to-seven-year-olds, attended by more than 40 children each week, also got special mention as well as work to promote girls football and equal opportunities.
Greg Clarke, chairperson of The FA, said: “The selection of winners chosen at Cheshire FA represents the diverse nature of football in this country and I would like to congratulate each and every one for their inspirational work.”
Steve Stewart, general manager of Cheshire FA, said: “The winners of these awards are representative of not only the immense talent that exists in Grassroots football in Cheshire, but also the breadth and depth of their work.
“They are the true heroes and guardians of the game. Congratulations to all.”
Sandbach United picked up two honours when the Grassroots Football Awards for Cheshire were announced.
The Hind Heath Road club, who boast a thriving youth section and operate a first team in the North West Counties League, were given the Grounds Team of the Year Award.
And the club's girls section development manager Liz Clark was named as Volunteer of the Year.
A Cheshire FA spokesperson said: “Sandbach United have 40 teams and have progressed their playing facilities to a very high standard, including a 3G pitch, a stand to seat 50 people and seven full-size grass pitches.
“In a difficult year for many clubs due to weather, this club had minimal fixtures postponed which is due to the hard work and professionalism of their grounds team.
“The club has a high level of playing surfaces which enable safe and consistent playing conditions all year round.
“The grounds team are very dedicated and professional, taking pride in their skilled approach to their work.
“Liz has progressed the girls and ladies section to over 100 participants, from under nines to adult ages, and has received excellent reviews from their peers.
“In the last three years Liz has been instrumental in raising income of more than £10k for the girls section.
“Liz has a determined and professional attitude and is respected inside the club and the wider football community. They sit on the club's committee and runs two teams also.”
Meanwhile, Lucy Jones has been named the Young Volunteer of the Year.
They coach a Cheshire Blades team at a Wildcats Centre in Crewe, and is also now in line for a national award.
The county FA spokesperson added: “Lucy is always striving for improvement, is extremely popular with the girls and parents, and is a capable and respected individual who leads by example and is always professional in their approach.
“She shows real commitment and dedication, embraces challenges and has an outstanding ability to motivate and encourage the girls.
“Lucy is an excellent role model for the girls, and help them grow and improve their skills and ability.
“The way that they conduct the sessions is a credit to them and their confidence has grown immensely.”
FILE - In this Feb. 28, 2018, file photo. Indonesian police officers stand guard as luxury yacht Equanimity is seen in the background off Bali island, Indonesia. Indonesia's seizure of the luxury yacht wanted as part of a U.S. probe into the alleged multibillion-dollar theft of funds from a Malaysian state investment company is being challenged by the vessel's owner, police said Monday. (AP Photo/Yoan Ari, File)
FILE - In this Feb. 28, 2018, file photo. Indonesian police officers stand guard as luxury yacht Equanimity is seen in the background off Bali island, Indonesia. Indonesia's seizure of the luxury yacht wanted as part of a U.S. probe into the alleged multibillion-dollar theft of funds from a Malaysian state investment company is being challenged by the vessel's owner, police said Monday. (AP Photo/Yoan Ari, File)
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) - Indonesia's seizure of a luxury yacht wanted as part of a U.S. probe into the alleged multibillion-dollar theft of funds from a Malaysian state investment company is being challenged by the vessel's owner, police said Monday.
National police deputy director of economic crimes Daniel Silitonga said police haven't handed the yacht over to the U.S. since its Feb. 28 seizure because they're waiting for a court hearing after lawyers for the owner of the Cayman Islands-registered Equanimity began a legal challenge.
"Until now we are still awaiting the summons for a hearing," they said. "We are facing some legal issues that have to be resolved first."
The Equanimity, worth $250 million, is among assets the U.S. Department of Justice alleges were bought by Malaysian national Jho Low using money stolen from 1MBD, the Malaysian fund, and laundered through Singapore, Switzerland, Luxembourg and the U.S.
Indonesian police seized the 92-meter (300-foot) yacht off Bali in a joint operation with the FBI.
Silitonga said they didn't yet know the basis of the lawsuit.
A spokesperson for Low told Malaysian media in early March that "rather than reflecting on the deeply flawed and politically-motivated allegations, the DoJ is continuing with its pattern of global overreach - all based on entirely unsupported claims of wrongdoing."
The Department of Justic filed a civil case in June seeking recovery of assets worth several hundred million dollars. Overall, it says more than $4.5 billion was stolen between 2009 and 2014 from 1MBD, which was set up by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak to promote economic development.
Low, an associate of Najib, had no formal role at the fund but considerable influence over it, according to the U.S. court documents.
Equanimity's lavish amenities include a helicopter landing pad, plunge pool, gymnasium and a cinema. It was built in 2014 by the Netherlands yacht manufacturer Oceano, which received detailed instructions from Low about its outfitting, according to the civil case documents.
Najib was embroiled in the scandal when it emerged that some $700 million had passed through their personal bank accounts. They denied any wrongdoing and said the money was a political donation from the Saudi royal family, which was later returned.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. -- Owners of the pit bull that was shot and killed after attacking another dog in Wilkes-Barre are grieving the loss of their pet.
The pit bull's owner says they tried to stop the attack and feels lucky that they aren't shot.
"I had to bury them myself. I couldn't stop crying. I teared up."
Alejandro Loria still can't believe that they had to bury their pit bull named Batman in their backyard.
Sunday morning, Loria was taking Batman for a morning walk around their neighborhood in south Wilkes-Barre. Batman broke away from their leash and started attacking a couple's dog.
"I'm trying to pull my dog away from their dog and I hear the woman saying 'Shoot the dog!' I'm screaming 'No! No!' My girlfriend comes out the house because they hear me screaming. The guy shoots the gun. I'm maybe three feet away. I can't even hear what happens afterwards," Loria recalled.
Wilkes-Barre police report that a woman fired two shots, but Loria says it was their boyfriend who had the gun and shot Batman. Loria's girlfriend initially thought they got hit.
"I heard my boyfriend screaming, 'No, don't shoot, don't shoot!' and I heard a gunshot and I went outside. I thought they shot my boyfriend and I saw my dog and my dog was bleeding pretty bad," said Courtney Rivera.
"They acted too quick. Right there, what I did as soon as I saw my dog's leash and collar broke, I ran after them and I got on top of him. I attacked my dog just so they could stop attacking their dog. They were just standing there in shock. They should've jumped on their dog as well," Loria added.
Batman was taken to a veterinarian but did not survive. Loria and their girlfriend have started a GoFundMe page. Loria says they will also have to pay a fine for letting Batman get loose.
The State Government could be convinced to trial a liquor industry-led proposal to ban alcohol sales to criminals across the Pilbara using classified information contained in point-of-sale identification.
An industry campaign by the Liquor Stores Association of WA and the Australian Hotels Association WA aims to use Takeaway Alcohol Management System scanners to create a banned drinkers register.
Pilbara MLA Kevin Michel said they backed the proposal because it targeted alcohol access to wrongdoers rather than the whole community, the majority of whom were responsible drinkers.
“Those who abuse the system should be held accountable,” they said.
“We have to do it for the whole Pilbara so we don't have people migrating from one place to another.”
“My only concern is how will we implement the plan?” Minister for Tourism, Racing and Gaming Paul Papalia said at a media conference last Monday a court-authorised register would empower liquor outlets and assist in harm-minimisation across WA.
“What we're looking at ... is working with industry — such as peak bodies, the AHAWA, LSAWA, health agencies, harm reduction advocates — on our liquor amendments and we are using that to grow our plan and perhaps look at things like a banned drinker register the courts can apply,” they said.
“That triggers a response from other agencies to support people, but also uses technologies to identify people as they try to purchase alcohol and perhaps exclude them from that access to alcohol.”
LSAWA chief executive Peter Peck said the group had been working on a harm-minimisation solution for 18 months. It includes provisions to bar people with a criminal or domestic violence history from purchasing alcohol.
“Our system focuses on a banned drinkers register ... people would be on that register for coming in contact with police,” they said.
Mr Peck said private information would be held on a WA Police database. Identification such as a passport or driver's licence would be scanned at the point of sale.
Magistrates would decide the time of any ban based on criminal offences and additional penalties would apply for sly grogging.
“The information is held in a secure database by the Government — the only information that comes to the person at the retail end is a red light, a yellow light to say the scan didn't work or a green light to serve the person,” Mr Peck said.
“The privacy side is still intact.
“It really comes down to police or the Department of Justice for how long a person is banned for — it would depend on the situation.”
“There are three areas that have come up to be considered (in trial) – the Kimberley, the Pilbara and the Goldfields.”
AHAWA chief executive Bradley Woods said they were looking forward to seeing the joint approach's initiatives adopted.
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
NASA is looking for a new chief information security officer for the second time in a year.
Jeannette Hanna-Ruiz, the space agency's associate chief information officer for IT security and senior agency information security official, is leaving after only eight months, according to an internal email obtained by Federal News Radio.
NASA CIO Renee Wynn said in the email that Hanna-Ruiz's last day would be April 28 and Mike Witt would be acting CISO.
“I have greatly appreciated their leadership and all-encompassing insight into cybersecurity,” Wynn wrote in their email to staff. “Her immediate attention and enthusiasm toward improving NASA's cybersecurity was inspiring and will be missed. Please join me in wishing their great success in their future.”
A NASA spokesperson confirmed Hanna-Ruiz is leaving.
The spokesperson said Witt joined NASA as its deputy CISO in February, coming from the Homeland Security Department where among their positions they were a deputy director of US-CERT. They also worked at the IRS, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), the Department of Defense (DoD), Riptech, Inc., and for the Army.
Hanna-Ruiz started at NASA in August 2016 after splitting time during their career in and out of government.
They worked for the White House's National Security Staff during the early part of the Obama administration on the Cyberspace Policy Review, and worked on the Homeland Security Department-National Security Agency Joint Cyber Coordination Group.
Hanna-Ruiz came to NASA during a critical time when its cybersecurity was under scrutiny.
NASA was trying to remediate hundreds of thousands if not millions of missing patches, specifically on its end-user contract known as ACES. It's inspector general found weaknesses in its continuous monitoring management, configuration management and risk management.
Additionally as Hanna-Ruiz came on board, Wynn had decided not to sign off on the authority to operate and give only a temporary or conditional ATO for the 10-year, $2.5 billion Agency Consolidated End-user Services (ACES) contract that Hewlett-Packard Services runs.
Problems with ACES didn't get much better and by October, then-NASA Administrator Charles Bolden met with HPES CEO Meg Whitman to talk about ACES as well as agency IT security, the two organizations' partnership and the delivery of services to the space agency.
It's not just ACES, but the IG found in its 2016 Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) report that NASA lacks a mature cyber program, earning a score of 27 out of 100 under the Office of Management and Budget's and DHS' five-step maturity model.
“[W]hile NASA has established a risk management program consistent with FISMA requirements, the program lacks an integrated agencywide risk management strategy to support information security continuous monitoring,” the IG reported.
The IG recommended NASA:
Implement an integrated agencywide risk management strategy and obtain sufficient assurance that the security controls of systems operated by contractors meet FISMA requirements;
Fully implement secure configuration settings, improve hardware and software asset management; remediate configuration-related vulnerabilities; and enhance non-privileged Personal Identification Verification (PIV) credentials implementation and role-based training;
Develop comprehensive, agencywide information security, continuous monitoring (ISCM) policies, procedures and strategies;
Ensure sufficient incident monitoring and detection coverage.
In February, the IG found NASA's cloud computing efforts have improved since its last audit in 2013, but “continued weaknesses in the agency's risk management and governance practices impeded its progress toward fully realizing the benefits of cloud computing.”
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits them there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. They said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That's hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a group suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed their statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on their official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HANOVER TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- The victim in a decades-old cold case in Luzerne County has been laid to rest.
The body of a woman who went missing in 1970--but wasn't identified until earlier this year--was taken to their final resting place Wednesday.
Lucille Frye was buried at Maple Hill Cemetery in Hanover Township.
Them body was found in a wooded area off Interstate 81 near Nuangola back in 1970. It was too badly decomposed for police to identify them
Experts used DNA evidence to positively identify their remains earlier this year.
Police in Luzerne County say they consider this a homicide case that remains unsolved.
Lord Ahmad of Wimbledon is the new UK Overseas Territories and Foreign and Commonwealth Office Minister.
They replace Baroness Anelay of St Johns.  They are now Minister of State in the Department for Exiting the European Union.
Lord Ahmad's appointment to the post was announced today in a release from the Premier's Office. The Premier's Office said that their appointment is a positive for Cayman as they have a 20-year career working in London in banking and finance.
Premier Hon. Alden McLaughlin says they welcome the opportunity to meet Lord Ahmad and hopes to continue the spirit of positive engagement and mutual respect we have enjoyed over the past four years, which has served to enhance the position of the Cayman Islands in the United Kingdom and on the global stage.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Authorities say they still don't have a clear motive for the Las Vegas shooting rampage.
Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill provided an update on the investigation Friday. They say authorities have looked at gunman Stephen Paddock's personal life, political affiliation, economic situation and any potential radicalization.
They say authorities are aware the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but so far there is no evidence that it had a role.
They say authorities will continue to investigate those areas as well as look into leads and tips that come in.
Paddock unleased gunfire Sunday from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino on the Las Vegas Strip, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. They killed themselves as police closed in.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arrests of drunk passengers on UK air planes have jumped by 50 per cent in the last year, BBC One's Panorama reported.
The Home Office is discussing how to resolve the problem after 387 people were arrested on suspicion of drunkenness between February 2016 and February 2017, according to the BBC.
The previous year recorded 255 arrests.
Panorama collected the numbers from 18 out of the 20 police forces who cover a large airport.
Cabin crew members have felt the increase in drinking with one in five members reporting physical abuse from intoxicated passengers, according to a survey of 4,000 Unite union's cabin crew members.
The abuse became so rampant for one longtime cabin crew member that they quit their job with Virgin Airlines. Ally Murphy, a crew member for 14 years, told Panorama that passengers saw them as a 'barmaid in the sky'. They said drunk passengers would grope her, even putting a hand under their skirt.
Fatal M11 crash near Stansted Airport caused by concrete block
It is actually illegal to board a plane drunk or get drunk on a plane, according to the Civil Aviation Authority. Offenders can receive a maximum sentence of two years' imprisonment. World Duty Free said passengers are not allowed to drink their alcoholic purchases until they land, but it is not yet a criminal offence.
To cut down on holidaymakers and other travellers who imbibe too heavily, the UK Aviation Industry released a voluntary code of practice in July 2016. Most major airlines have signed on to the code.
These airlines pledge to take a 'zero-tolerance' approach to disruptive passengers by preventing them from boarding, reporting their actions to the police and other methods.
They also promise to train their employees on how to manage drunk passengers and regulate the sale of alcohol. Airlines employees should not sell alcohol to a clearly intoxicated passenger and stop passengers from drinking alcohol that they did not purchase on the flight such as World Duty Free purchases.
Check your TEETH before flying off on holiday dentist warns
But Panorama uncovered that more than a quarter of cabin crew members surveyed did not know the code of practice existed while 23 per cent did not think it made an impact.
Earlier this year, The House of Commons released a report that advocated for more regulation of alcohol sales at the airport.
Airports are not currently covered by the Licensing Act 2003, but the select committee advised that those serving alcohol at airports should be made to follow it.
The report said that Alcohol Concern alerted them to a survey that found 1 in 5 holidaymakers began drinking at the airport.
It also cited airline Jet2.com, which reported that they dealt with 536 disruptive incidents in summer 2016, more than half of which were alcohol-related.
The Home Office said it will review the report's recommendations "and will respond in due course", according to the BBC.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
The Associated Press has photographers around the world. Here are some of the best photos they took in 2016.
By on
“When the sane are dealing with the insane, the burden is on the sane.” That was one of my father's favorite axioms, especially after some family argument (or a few drinks). The rest of the family used the idea frequently to calm our angry discussions with one another or with our friends and adversaries. We usually shortened the old man's maxim to “the burden is on the sane,” as we simultaneously disdained and made peace with those who confronted us. As I grew older, I understood that the adage provided good guidance for human interactions but was better left unsaid during arguments or disputes.
I learned that it is very helpful to remind yourself that “the burden is on the sane” in library relations with complaining and outraged adult users, errant and noisy adolescents, children in the midst of a temper tantrum, and older patrons who become almost irrational when they can't find those quiet and relatively empty reading rooms they think they remember from the good old days.
Reminding myself of who has “the burden” made me a better young adult librarian, reference librarian, and library administrator. Of course, I expanded the definition of insane to cover anyone who spoke out in anger, argued against library policy, made a disturbance, or did anything that I thought was irrational or too loud.
I used the axiom as permission to stretch library rules and regulations to calm the beastly patron or quiet the rambunctious middle schooler. Back when I was a brand-new young adult librarian, I found that the aphorism helped me put an end to that library's bad habit of ejecting misbehaving teens, often calling the police, and replace it with simply reasoning with those youths to quiet down.
Remembering who carried “the burden” made me a more logical person and librarian whenever conflict arose. It also made my life much more peaceful than it would have been if I were sucked into the argument or began to feel exasperated myself. It made it possible to empathize with my adversaries instead of challenging them or having them removed from the building.
I always thought of my father when a situation got to the point that I had to take up “the burden,” and I remembered that the saying always calmed them in our disputes with each other, allowing them to write off whatever infraction I had committed with a sigh and sometimes even forgiveness.
Don't think taking on “the burden” meant I always lost the argument or conceded the point. Sometimes I did that, but just as often it helped me convince an adversary to drop the issue. “I agree,” I might say, “that is a dumb policy. But it is my job to enforce it.”
I don't advise pushing the idea too far or expecting too much success. On the other hand, it will certainly help you deal with those difficult occasions involving other humans by remembering what the old man said: “When the sane are dealing with the insane, the burden is on the sane.” Amen, dear father, amen.
MIAMI (AP) — Giancarlo Stanton hit their team-record 43rd home run, connecting in their fifth straight game and sending the Miami Marlins over the San Francisco Giants 8-3 on Monday night.
Stanton broke the club mark of 42 homers set by Gary Sheffield in 1996. Stanton has homered 22 times in their last 34 games.
Stanton set another team record for most consecutive games with a home run when tagged Ty Blach (8-8) for a two-run drive in the first inning. The All-Star slugger later had an RBI single as Miami won its fourth in a row.
Marcell Ozuna also homered for the Marlins. Dee Gordon had three hits, scored twice, and drove in a run to help back Adam Conley (5-5), who allowed three runs in 6 1-3 innings.
Denard Span's two-run double tied the game in the third and Hunter Pence's single put the Giants on top 3-2. Christian Yelich tied it with an RBI single in the bottom half.
Gordon and Stanton hit back-to-back RBI singles in the fourth. Ozuna hit a solo home run, their 27th, in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: 2B Joe Panik was hit in the head during the second game of Sunday's doubleheader at Washington and did not play. “He's doing well,” manager Bruce Bochy said. “He's doing just fine. They were going to get the day off anyway playing both games, all three games there in one day. We'll see in another 24 hours to make sure they are OK. Looks good right now.”
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (arm) has a one-inning simulated game scheduled for Tuesday. . SS JT Riddle (left shoulder) had labrum surgery last week and has been ruled out for six months.
UP NEXT
Giants: LHP Madison Bumgarner (2-5, 2.71 ERA) will start the second game of the series with RHP Matt Cain (3-9, 5.22) getting the start on Wednesday. Bumgarner is 1-3 with a 4.50 ERA in six starts against the Marlins.
Marlins: RHP Dan Straily (7-8, 3.74) will take the mound looking for their first win since July 7, a span of six starts. Straily is 0-4 with a 5.17 ERA during the span.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Manchester United moved level on points with fifth-placed Tottenham after victory at West Ham.
It was Jose Mourinho's side's sixth straight Premier League win and their seventh in all competitions.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) - Attorneys for a Texas inmate want the U.S. Supreme Court to halt their scheduled execution for the shooting deaths of a 5-year-old girl and their grandmother during a birthday party 10 years ago outside a Fort Worth apartment.
Former Fort Worth street gang member Erick Davila is set for lethal injection Wednesday evening.
This undated photo provided by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice shows Erick Davila. Attorneys for the Texas death row inmate want the U.S. Supreme Court to halt their scheduled execution this week for the shooting deaths of a 5-year-old girl and their grandmother during a birthday party 10 years ago outside a Fort Worth apartment. The former Fort Worth street gang member is set for lethal injection Wednesday, April 25, 2018. (Texas Department of Criminal Justice via AP)
Lawyers for the 31-year-old Davila argue it's improper for the elected Tarrant County district attorney to be involved in the case because they were the judge at Davila's 2009 trial. They also contend evidence that Davila may have been high on drugs at the time of the shooting improperly was withheld from defense attorneys.
State lawyers are contesting the arguments.
Davila was convicted of killing Queshawn Stevenson and their 48-year-old grandmother, Annette Stevenson.
It's Thursday morning, and you're with the Cambridge News live blog, keeping you up to date with the latest traffic and travel news from across the county, and beyond.
For the latest information on accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11 and A1, check out the updates as they happen below.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated in the blog.
And we will be reporting on flight cancellations and delays affectiing Stansted Airport.
Please let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet on Twitter@CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page.
The Diocese of Rockville Centre is notifying people who have brought allegations of sexual abuse against clergy that it is creating an independent compensation program modeled after similar programs in the Archdiocese of New York and the Diocese of Brooklyn.
The Catholic diocese this week sent letters to those who previously have filed such complaints with diocesan officials, according to attorneys representing some of those alleged victims. Newsday obtained a copy of the letter Friday.
Under the existing programs, victims deemed eligible for financial compensation must agree not to pursue legal action against the diocese in the future in order to collect. The effort is aimed at bringing closure to dozens of cases of alleged sex abuse that in some cases date back decades.
In a statement to Newsday, Sean Dolan, a spokesperson for the Diocese of Rockville Centre, wrote, “In the interest of providing survivors with advance notice of our impending Independent Reconciliation and Compensation Program, the Director of the Office for the Protection of Children and Young People sent a letter advising them of what would be occurring. A formal diocesan announcement will be made in the near future.”
The Independent Reconciliation and Compensation Program will be administered by Kenneth R. Feinberg, who currently is in charge of the funds in the Archdiocese of New York and the Brooklyn diocese, according to the letter.
Feinberg has administered the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund, as well as compensation programs stemming from the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill in the Gulf of Mexico, the Boston Marathon terrorist attack, the shootings at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, and abuse claims brought against former Pennsylvania State University assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
It was not immediately clear how many letters the diocese sent or how many alleged victims could come forward.
Attorney Michael Dowd, a Manhattan-based lawyer who is handling such cases in the New York archdiocese and the Brooklyn diocese, said they have at least 35 cases in Rockville Centre. They said they have 80 cases in Brooklyn and 20 in the New York archdiocese.
Dowd said settlements accepted by their clients in the Archdiocese of New York's program generally have ranged from the low-to-mid six figures, though they believe some in the Diocese of Brooklyn's program could reach more than $1 million.
The Diocese of Rockville Centre's letter said “while no amount of monetary compensation could ever erase or undo the unimaginable harm suffered by victims of child abuse, it is the sincere hope of the DRVC that those who have been alienated and distanced from the Church as a result of any abuse committed by DRVC clergy will be empowered to begin the journey toward reconciliation with us.”
Feinberg and Camille Biros — a business manager in their Washington, D.C., law firm who has been closely involved in the workings of other compensation funds — will independently determine who is eligible for compensation and how much money will be offered, the letter says.
Feinberg, the letter says, “is deeply experienced and highly respected in the field of compensation programs.”
The Archdiocese of New York announced its compensation program in October 2016, followed by the Diocese of Brooklyn in June.
Those programs operate in two phases: In phase one, alleged victims who previously had reported abuse to church officials can apply for compensation. In phase two, alleged victims who never had reported allegations of abuse can apply.
In the Archdiocese of New York, the overall total of victims eligible for the first phase was about 170, archdiocese officials said.
Dowd said they are urging people to apply to the programs and then decide whether to accept an offer. All 14 of their clients whose allegations involved clergy in the Archdiocese of New York and who have been given settlement offers have accepted them, they said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I think this is a good effort,” Dowd said. “I've been dealing for nine months with Ken Feinberg and people in their office. I find them to be really quite competent and good and decent. Ken Feinberg is a decent guy, there is no way around it, and a straight shooter.”
Mitchell Garabedian, a Boston-based attorney who represents clergy sex abuse victims in Boston and New York, said the program “gives those clergy sexual-abuse victims who want to try to heal an opportunity to try to heal.”
The compensation programs are an effort by the Catholic Church to bring to a close one of the most devastating chapters in modern church history.
The sex abuse scandal erupted in Boston in 2002 when The Boston Globe broke the story of widespread sexual abuse by clergy going back decades — and the church's efforts to cover it up by moving priests from parish to parish.
In Rockville Centre, a grand jury report released by Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota in 2003 described a history of covered-up sexual abuse by priests in the diocese from the 1960s into the 1990s.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Dowd said they are urging victims to seriously consider participating in the compensation program because of the slim likelihood that state legislators will lift a statute of limitations law that requires victims of child sex abuse to file charges against their alleged perpetrators before they turn 23.
The Catholic Church has lobbied against efforts to overturn the law, saying it could nearly bankrupt the church.
Garabedian noted that victims can enter the program but are not obligated to accept the offers made.
“The program, unfortunately for many victims, does not hold supervisors” in the church accountable, they said. “It does not allow for the production of documents which would show that the church's supervisors were culpable. It is an attempt to cut off at the pass the possibility of the statute of limitations changing with regard to clergy sexual abuse cases in the state of New York.”
Cardinal Timothy Dolan of the New York archdiocese has said they hope its program becomes a model for other dioceses.
Dowd said many of their clients accepted the settlements in part because they are aging.
“It's not that they think it's a great offer,” they said. “Many of my clients are getting older, seriously older. For them, the gamble that something will happen in the state Senate to get a bill passed to alter the statute of limitations is a real risk, and they are at ages where they don't know if they will be around if and when the statute changes. And then it goes into court, and then it will be four or five years after that.”
Embattled department store chain Myer is set to reveal a profit plunge of at least 35 per cent.
Embattled department store chain Myer is set to reveal a profit plunge of at least 35 per cent.
Myer is set to unveil a first-half profit plunge of at least 35 per cent as it battles falling sales and a push by its biggest shareholder to overthrow the board.
The embattled department store chain, which is reportedly considering former David Jones boss Paul Zahra as the successor to departed chief executive Richard Umbers, will announce the results on Wednesday having already said it expects net profit to fall by between 35 and 41 per cent.
Myer flagged a 3.6 per cent slump in sales for the six months to January after sharp falls in sales during the key December and January trading months.
It said it expected a profit of between $37 million and $41 million, down from $62.8 million for the same period last year.
The results are likely to prompt further ire from Myer's largest shareholder, retail veteran Solomon Lew.
Mr Lew, whose Premier Investments has lost $63 million on Myer since taking an 11 per cent stake a year ago, has been highly critical and is set on calling an extraordinary general meeting to oust the entire board.
One of the major concerns for investors is Myer's debt levels, analysts have said.
UBS analysts have said it would only take a two to three per cent sales miss for Myer to be at risk of breaching lenders' conditions either in the second half of the current financial year or in the following year.
International entrants including Zara, H&M, Sephora and Uniqlo have lured customers away from department stores and increased pressure on margins.
Rival department store David Jones is also showing the strain with its first-half profit down 39 per cent on a year ago.
Its South African parent company, Woolworths Holdings, last month wrote down the value of the David Jones by $713 million due to challenges facing the retail industry.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
THE SCOOP Within Levittown, where suburbia originated on Long Island, “we have 18,000 homes, we have three school districts, but we are still a very close-knit town,” says longtime resident Dara Crawford of Century 21 Prevete Real Estate.
“It's attractive for its affordability and the history,” they add. “It's family-oriented, with the pools and parks. And it's a great starter, blue-collar, working town.”
The architecture in Levittown is no longer as standard as it was in the late 1940s, when developer William Levitt designed Capes and ranches for veterans of World War II. Home expansion and new construction in the area have brought variety to the housing stock and made original Levitts difficult to find, Crawford says.
Multifamily housing options are also available with condos and townhouses. A three-story assisted living facility, with 66 units and 64,000 square feet, is currently being constructed at the site of a former bowling alley on the corner of North Parkside Drive and Schoolhouse Road.
Four new constructed single-family homes, two of which are on nearly one-acre lots, were also recently built on Crocus Avenue, adds Patricia Brownstone of Century 21 American Homes.
Houses in Levittown, situated mostly on 60-by-100-foot properties, typically range in price from more than $300,000 to more than $600,000, Brownstone says.
Louise Cassano, the director and former president of the Levittown Chamber of Commerce, says home prices, while they have gone up, are reasonable compared to other communities.
Best Bets Get the scoop on events, nightlife, day trips, family fun and things to do on Long Island. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Situated between the Wantagh and Hicksville train stations, and with parkways nearby, the area is convenient for commuters, they add.
Scattered throughout Leviittown are various parks and seven community pools that offer free swimming lessons to Levitt homeowners, says Cassano. A variety of shopping options are available along Hempstead Turnpike, which saw recent openings of Home Depot and IHOP.
The area is also home to the Levittown Historical Museum, which offers memorabilia, photographs and furnishings that show Levittown as it once was.
CONDOS AND TOWNHOUSES There are no condos or co-ops on the market.
SALES PRICE Between May 1, 2017, and May 11, 2018, there were 482 home sales with a median sale price of $417,000, according to the Multiple Listing Service of Long Island. During that time period a year earlier there were 429 home sales with a median sale price of $379,000.
SCHOOLS Most students attend MacArthur High School, Division Avenue High School or Island Trees High School.
OTHER STATS
Town: Hempstead
Area: 6.9 square miles
ZIP code: 11756
Population: 51,881
Median age: 41.0
Median household income: $105,733
Median home value: $419,000*
LIRR to NYC: from Wantagh, 46-58 minutes at peak
Monthly ticket: $297
School district: Levittown, Island Trees
SOURCES: 2010 Census; mlsli.com; LIRR;
*Based on sales in the past six months, according to MLSLI
RECENTLY SOLD
$343,500
Mallard Road
Style: Cape
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Built: 1949
Lot size: 50x100
Taxes: $10,736
Reduced: $55,500
Days on the market: 150
$437,500
Abbey Lane
Style: Cape
Bedrooms: 5
Bathrooms: 2
Built: 1948
Lot size: 60x100
Taxes: $13,767
Increased: $2,500
Days on the market: 168
$519,000
Chestnut Lane
Style: Expanded Ranch
Bedrooms: 5
Bathrooms: 3
Built: 1948
Lot size: 54x104
Taxes: $13,065
Reduced: $13,619
Days on the market: 146
NOW ON THE MARKET
$374,333
This four-bedroom, one-bathroom expanded Cape, with a lower-level extension, includes a living room, dining room and updated bathroom. The 60-by-120-foot property also has a detached 1 1/2-car garage. Taxes: $12,723. Paul Palmowski and Argie Karavas, Laffey Fine Homes International, 516-459-4528, 516-353-4400.
$519,000
This five-bedroom, two-bathroom Colonial has an open floor plan with a living room-dining room combination with hardwood floors and a granite kitchen with stainless steel appliances. Taxes on the 60-by-100-foot property are $15,337. Nina Naqvi, Douglas Elliman Real Estate, 516-697-3456.
$635,000
This five-bedroom, two-bathroom Colonial features a portico entry, formal living and dining rooms, a family room and a granite eat-in kitchen with stainless steel appliances. The 60-by-100-foot property includes an attached one-car garage and back patio. Taxes: $12,973. Shari Will, Town & Country Homes of Long Island, 631-241-7555.
On Multiple Listings
Number of houses: 82
Price range: $265,000-$729,000
Tax range: $6,477-$18,669
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Kyle L. Bauer, who admitted looking at child pornography on their home computer in July 2015, must comply with Megan's Law sanctions for 25 years after leaving state prison, a Schuylkill County judge ruled Tuesday.
Judge John E. Domalakes decided that Bauer, 23, of Tamaqua, is not a sexually violent predator — a ruling in accord with the recommendation by the state Sexual Offenders Assessment Board — but still will be subject to the Megan's Law sanctions due to the nature of their crimes.
Bauer pleaded guilty on Nov. 16, 2016, to disseminating photograph or film of child sex acts and criminal use of a communication facility. At that time, Domalakes sentenced them to serve one to two years in a state correctional institution, plus an additional five years probation, pay costs, submit a DNA sample to law enforcement authorities and undergo the SOAB evaluation.
The state police Bureau of Criminal Investigation charged Bauer with having child pornography on their home computer on July 13, 2015.
Bureau officers said they were investigating child porn when they found a file depicting it. The file was linked to a computer at Bauer's residence, according to police.
Police, who in September 2015 seized electronic equipment from Bauer's residence, said the defendant admitted downloading files containing child porn.
“Basically, they were viewing child pornography,” Domalakes said Tuesday.
Prosecutors did not contest Domalakes' decision that Bauer is not a sexually violent predator.
Bauer already is an inmate at SCI/Mercer and participate in Tuesday's hearing by videoconference.
The Megan's Law sanctions to which Bauer will be subject to require them to provide their name, address, employment, any schools they might attend, registration of any vehicles they own and other information to the Pennsylvania State Police. Any violation of the sanctions would be an additional crime and subject Bauer to further prosecution.
Megan's Law was enacted in Pennsylvania, numerous other states and at the federal level after the July 29, 1994, murder of Megan Nicole Kanka, 7, in Hamilton Township, New Jersey. Jesse Timmendequas, Kanka's killer, was one of their neighbors and a twice-convicted sex offender; their death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment after New Jersey enacted legislation to abolish the death penalty in that state.
Defendant: Kyle L. Bauer
Age: 23
Residence: Tamaqua
Crimes committed: Disseminating photograph or film of child sex acts and criminal use of a communication facility
Prison sentence: One to two years in a state correctional institution, an additional five years probation and 25 years of Megan's Law sanctions
NEW YORK (AP) — Jaroslav Halak made 31 saves after getting a vote of confidence from their coach, and the New York Islanders beat the Washington Capitals 3-1 on Monday night to snap a three-game winless streak.
Brock Nelson, Andrew Ladd and John Tavares scored goals for the Islanders, who built a 3-0 lead early in the second period and ended Washington's four-game winning streak.
It was the second time this season that Halak held an opponent to a single goal and the third time New York has allowed one goal as a team. Halak's strong performance came after coach Doug Weight sternly defended their goaltenders following the team's skate Monday morning. New York was 1-3-1 over its last five games.
Braden Holtby made nine saves for the Capitals before being pulled after the Islanders scored their third goal 1:34 into the second period.
Advertisement
DUCKS 3, HURRICANES 2
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Logan Shaw had a goal and an assist, and Jakob Silfverberg returned from a five-game injury absence to score the tiebreaking goal late in the second period of Anaheim's victory over Carolina.
Derek Grant also scored and John Gibson made 28 saves for the Ducks, who won for just the third time in 11 games. The injury-plagued team was boosted by the simultaneous returns of Silfverberg and captain Ryan Getzlaf, who had missed 19 games after getting hit in the face with a puck.
But then the Ducks lost forward Corey Perry to a potentially serious lower-body injury in the first period.
Perry was hurt when their right leg bent awkwardly as they ran into the back of Carolina's Jeff Skinner, and they struggled to get off the ice. Perry, the 2011 NHL MVP, has played in 239 straight regular-season games and 40 playoff contests since Dec. 28, 2014, for the Ducks.
Justin Williams scored and Scott Darling stopped 20 shots for the Hurricanes, who have lost four straight and six of seven.
JETS 5, CANUCKS 1
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) — Mathieu Perreault scored two goals and added an assist to help Winnipeg halt a three-game losing streak by beating Vancouver.
The win was the Jets' seventh straight victory at home and they have points in their last 11 games (10-0-1) at Bell MTS Place.
The Canucks have lost three straight in regulation for the first time this season.
Dmitry Kulikov, Josh Morrissey and Nikolaj Ehlers also scored for Winnipeg (18-8-5). Ehlers' 14th of the season was on the power play and gave them goals in three straight games.
Brock Boeser scored their team-leading 16th goal for the Canucks. They also extended their goal-scoring streak to three games.
Connor Hellebuyck made 25 saves for Winnipeg.
AVALANCHE 2, PENGUINS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Jonathan Bernier stopped 39 shots and Mark Barberio scored in the third period, helping Colorado top Pittsburgh.
Blake Comeau added an empty-netter against their former team as Colorado won its second straight after a string of six losses in seven games. It was Comeau's seventh of the season.
Barberio put the Avalanche ahead to stay 6:17 into the third. Their slap shot off the rush hit Pittsburgh forward Riley Sheahan in front and got past goaltender Tristan Jarry.
Bernier was on track for their second shutout of the season before Phil Kessel scored their team-best 15th goal for Pittsburgh at 19:48. Bernier beat the Penguins for just the second time in 10 career games.
Kessel has points in 25 of 32 games this season and eight straight home games, their longest streak since joining the Penguins.
Pittsburgh lost for the third time in four games following a four-game winning streak.
STARS 2, RANGERS 1, SO
NEW YORK (AP) — Jason Spezza scored in the shootout, and Dallas snapped a three-game losing streak by defeating New York.
Kari Lehtonen made 24 saves for Dallas in the opener of its four-game East Coast road trip against the Metropolitan Division. Julius Honka scored in the second period.
The Stars had a 1-0 lead before Rick Nash tied it for the Rangers when they tipped in Brady Skjei's wrist shot with 3:41 left in regulation. Nash made contact with Lehtonen but the Stars goalie was well outside the blue paint. Coach Ken Hitchcock challenged the play, but the referees ruled there was no goaltender interference.
Honka drove a slap shot past Ondrej Pavelec at 6:30 of the second for their first of the season. The 2014 first-round pick rejoined the lineup after sitting for the previous three games.
Pavelec finished with 44 saves, keeping New York in the game.
PANTHERS 2, RED WINGS 1, OT
DETROIT (AP) — Mike Matheson scored their first goal of the season, and Florida beat Detroit to win in overtime for the first time this season.
Matheson drove the rebound of a Nick Bjugstad shot into the net behind Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard at the 2:02 mark of overtime for the winner. Florida improved to 1-2 in OT, rallying from a 1-0 third-period deficit.
Vincent Trocheck also scored for the Panthers, while Henrik Zetterberg scored for the Wings, who are 0-5 in overtime.
Ending a 22-game goal drought, Zetterberg opened the scoring at the 18:27 mark of the first period.
Sensitive renovation to a pre-war terrace house preserves its old-world charm while injecting modern touches.
WHO
A Belgian couple with their young son
HOME
Conservation terrace house in Kim Yam Road
SIZE
2,842sqf
Jonathan Roelandts and Katrien Bollen moved to Singapore in 2010 – Katrien, to pursue their MBA, and Jonathan, on a posting as the business development manager of international furniture brand Ethnicraft. They used to frequent the River Valley area and were thrilled when the opportunity to purchase this conservation shophouse in Kim Yam Road arose 2½ years ago.
The shophouse is part of a development comprising three pre-war terrace houses and a new 10-storey condominium extension, which explains why the Belgian couple was able to own it despite being foreigners. “We love the contrasting beauty of the conservation shophouse against the modern and bustling neighbourhood. We knew at once that this is where we will begin building our dream home,” recalls Katrien, who is currently the Performance Marketing Lead for Asia-Pacific at Google.
Restoration works had been carried out between 1998 and 1999, so the shophouse was still in relatively good condition. The interior however, looked dated, so the homeowners decided to renovate it before moving in after their tenant's two-year lease had expired. They opted for a colonial-style interior with a modern touch.
Inside a living legacy Open gallery
“We wanted the charm of a blackand- white bungalow, but with a fresh look,” says Jonathan, who is now Ethnicraft's sales director for Asia-Pacific. To achieve this effect, they introduced natural elements and kept the styling to a minimum.
The original layout was retained, together with the original air well – a feature that, in addition to its architectural style and structure, gives the home a lot of its character.
Working directly with contractor Heavenly Homespace, they hacked and revamped the kitchen and three bathrooms. Minimal intervention was done to the rest of the house, with some repainting of walls, polishing of the timber staircase, changing of the air-conditioning system, and replacement of the flooring on the first storey.
Why did you decide not to engage an interior designer, but to work directly with a contractor?
Primarily, it was because we wanted to be hands-on and very involved in this homebuilding journey. We also had a clear vision of how our dream home should be, which eased communication with the contractor.
It helped that Katrien has a real passion in interior design and their various industry contacts shared their experience and professional advice with us.
Having had a few years to ponder over what you wanted to do with the home while you were serving out the tenancy, what was your thought process like?
We had the luxury of time and we started off with a more exploratory approach. We laid the foundation first, shortlisting the styles and brands which appealed to us, as well as deciding which areas of the home had to go.
Once the groundwork was done, we sought inspiration through social media. Pinterest and Etsy helped the shaping of our dream home immensely, and we understood better our yays and nays.
How did you go about selecting furniture, fittings and materials?
We appreciate well-designed, quality furniture that comes with a fair price tag. Being in the furniture industry made furniture shopping a breeze as we are no strangers to brands. We are wood lovers and want our furniture to last.
Thus, we went for brands such as Ethnicraft, Universo Positivo, Mr. Marius and Kartel, which met our likes and tied in with our modern colonial theme. Bloomingville was another go-to brand to accessorise the home, and the look was completed with handwoven rugs and cushions from The Grey House.
What are the advantages of being so hands-on with the whole project?
You definitely have much more control over the home journey, from design to budget and spending.
What advice would you give other homeowners who are tempted to take on their home project themselves and work directly with a contractor?
Communication and direction is key. Homeowners must be able to communicate the ideas they have for their home to their contractor. They are the captains of this journey and must provide a clear direction for the contractor to follow.
What is it about conservation shophouses that appeal to you?
We have always been big fans of old, rustic colonial architecture and are intrigued when we delve deeper into their beautiful and rich history. Aside from the aesthetic charm, we are also proud to own a piece of Singapore's history, a place that we have grown attached to and now fondly call our home.
Tell us more about Ethnicraft Online.
The concept of an online furniture store was sparked when we found it challenging to find great-looking, high-end yet affordable furniture in Singapore that was immediately available when we moved here. It was brought to fruition with Ethnicraft, a reputed solid wood furniture manufacturer that produces sustainable, contemporary and high-quality furniture pieces.
In 2012, Ethnicraft Online made its entrance into Singapore, as the first online branch of the international furniture brand. Since then, we have expanded into Kuala Lumpur and Shanghai.
We offer functional, beautiful and eco-friendly solid wood furnishings, such as the contemporary teak or oak collection, the playful Universo Positivo series, vintage-inspired Mr. Marius range or the sophisticated Notre Monde collection.
Quality customer service and convenient shopping form our DNA, so whatever our customers choose, they will be guaranteed a one-of-a-kind piece with a lifetime warranty and complimentary maintenance.
WHERE TO GO
Ethnicraft, www.ethnicraft-online.com.sg
This article was first published in Home & Decor.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester's Henry Walker and Alex Seville helped England Under-20s open the defence of their Six Nations title with a 27-17 bonus-point victory over Italy.
Academy hooker Walker started the game with prop Seville as a replacement at Stadio Enzo Bearzot, Gorizia.
England had the narrowest of leads at the break, taking a one-point advantage into half-time thanks to James Grayson's penalty and Ben Earl's try.
However, three second-half tries from Ben White, Tom Parton and Ben Loader, as well as two conversions from Grayson, stretched the lead and although Italy were awarded a late penalty try England sealed the win.
Head coach Steve Bates said: “It was a really credible performance in difficult conditions.
“We've scored four tries, two of them from really well-worked moves. We fought hard and dominated the game territorially. I thought it was a really good start.
“The starting 15 laid a fantastic foundation, which allowed us to make a number of replacements, and give a lot of players their debut and conserve some bodies for next Friday.
(Image: Rod Wetton)
“This is a squad full of talented players and selecting a starting 15 has not been easy and the replacements that came on did a really good job.
Charlie Chapman's debut for Scotland Under-20s ended in a 36-3 defeat by Wales though in Colwyn Bay.
The scrum-half came on in the 48 minute with Wales already 19-3 ahead at that point and was unable to prevent them opening with a loss.
The National Accountability Bureau (NAB) has reportedly decided to summon Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif in a case of alleged irregularities in the Multan Metro Bus Project in the next few days, according to a report in the local media on Saturday.
According to the report, Shehbaz will be asked to explain their position after several senior officials will be probed by NAB authorities in the coming days.
The report said that NAB has summoned Punjab Planning and Development Board Chairman Irfan Elahi, Punjab Metro Bus Authority Managing Director Sibtain Fazal Haleem, Punjab Mass Transit Authority General Manager Aziz Shah, Multan Metro Bus Service Project Director Sabir Khan Sadozai and Osmani Company Private Limited general manager. The others are Multan Development Authority Director General Asadullah Khan (former commissioner), Member Infrastructure Dr Abid Bodla, Member/Chief Technical Khalid Javed, Additional Secretary Finance Ashiq Hussain Olakh, Additional Secretary Technical Housing Urban Development and Public Health Engineering Department Shahid Latif, Social Infrastructure's Dr Bushra Amaan, Member Services Punjab Planning and Development Dr Naveed Ahmad Chaudhry, Director General Monitoring & Evaluation Dr Sajid Mubeen and Assistant Chief Technical Muhammad Imran.
The report said that irregularities were committed in the execution of the project by violating the rules of the Punjab Procurement Regulatory Authority. As per procedure, any provincial project costing beyond Rs10 billion would be sent to the Executive Committee of National Economic Council (ECNEC) which is the approving authority. But to avoid transparency, they said, 18.5-kilometre metro route was divided into nine packages out of which five were of civil work.
Initially, a survey was conducted to construct 37-kilometre long route in two phases and its estimated cost was Rs35 billion; however later it was decided that only first phase would be constructed at a cost of Rs28.37 billion but more than Rs32 billion had been spent to complete the project.
The cost of 35 articulated buses (for metro route) and 100 feeder buses (for various city routes), installation of optical fiber, elevators, lights and other components is not included in the total cost of the project but these expenses were made through the Punjab Mass Transit Authority.
Nine firms participated in pre-qualification for nine packages and it was mutually decided that each firm would get one package which was done accordingly.
Being the consulting firm, Osmani Company Private Limited did geometrical, architectural and structural design and construction supervision of the project.
In the bidding document for the procurement of consultancy service to conduct transport modeling and feasibility of mass transit system, the consultant was directed to not disclose any information relating to the project for 10 years after the expiration of the contract. Sources said that in order to earn maximum profit, safety of the passengers was put at stake by the construction firms that reduced the width of the two-lane metro corridors to nine meters from 10 meters. And instead of following the specifications set by the provincial energy department, they said, model numbers and company's name was mentioned for the purchase of LED lights for the project despite the fact that the executing agency — MDA — has no wing to testify the authenticity of the models.
Among other irregularities, according to the report, a company which was hired for the provision of imported glass at metro stations used local glass instead, leading to a NAB inquiry. However, the report stated that the probe was hushed up after some time.
1-Tetradecanol, also known as myristyl alcohol, is a straight-chain saturated fatty alcohol. It is a white transparent solid that is virtually insoluble in water. It is soluble in diethyl ether and marginally soluble in ethanol. 1-Tetradecanol can be manufactured by the hydrogenation of myristic acid (or its esters); myristic acid can be found in nutmeg (from where it gains its name). It is also present in coconut oil and palm kernel oil. Majority of 1-tetradecanol is produced from these oils. It may also be produced from petrochemical feedstock via either the Ziegler process or hydroformylation. As with supplementary fatty alcohols, 1-tetradecanol is used as a component in cosmetics such as cold creams for its emollient properties. It is also used as an intermediate in the chemical fusion of other products such as surfactants.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/1-tetradecanol-market.html
Other names of 1-Tetradecanol include n-Tetradecan-1-ol; n-Tetradecanol; n-Tetradecyl alcohol; Alfol 14; Lanette K; Lanette Wax KS; Loxanol V; myristic alcohol; myristyl alcohol; tetradecyl alcohol; n-Tetradecanol-1; 1-Hydroxytetradecane; Dytol R-52; dehydag wax 14; Epal 14; Lanette 14; Lorol C14; Philcohol 1400; Tetradecanol-1; Tetradecan-1-ol; NSC 8549; and Fatty alcohol (C14).
1-Tetradecanol is used as an ingredient in cosmetics such as cold creams. It is an active intermediate in chemical synthesis of sulfated alcohol. It is also employed in the fabrication of temperature-regulated drug release system based on phase-change materials. 1-Tetradecanol plays a vital role in filling the hollow interiors of gold nanocages in the fabrication of new theranostic systems, which possess unique feature of photoacoustic imaging.
Demand for 1-Tetradecanol is anticipated to increase due to the growth in end-user industries such as cosmetics and surfactants. Additionally, rise in consumption of edible oils in emerging economies of Asia Pacific and Latin America is expected to boost the demand for 1-Tetradecanol. However, availability of substitutes and fluctuation in prices of raw materials may hamper market growth.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20318
Asia Pacific is projected to be the major market for 1-Tetradecanol, followed by North America and Europe, in the next few years. China and India are likely to be the prominent consumers of 1-Tetradecanol in Asia Pacific due to presence of established end-user industries in these countries. Republic of Korea, Japan, Vietnam, Malaysia, Cambodia, Australia, New Zealand, and Sri Lanka are estimated to be the other major consumers of 1-Tetradecanol in Asia Pacific. The 1-Tetradecanol market in North America and Europe is anticipated to expand at a moderate pace as compared to that in Asia Pacific due to market saturation.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Evening all – I thought I would start this week's column with that well-known introduction for those of you who remember it from the TV programme Dixon of Dock Green.
The introduction comes from the 1950s – 1970s TV programme and the reason for using it this week is to follow up where I left off in last week's article.
I wrote that for some I would be letting the ‘cat out of the bag' once the BBC Radio 4 Ramblings programme with Clare Balding walking the Nidderdale Way was aired on Thursday of last week.
I was on the programme and I talked about how I had been a ‘copper' in Leeds before moving out to run our sweet shop business in Pateley Bridge. I grew up in Leeds and my ambition at school was to become a police officer and I was fortunate enough to follow that path.
I walked the streets as a uniformed officer before going on to be a detective, in specialist departments before being promoted.
Policing requires plenty of talking and as many of you who know me are aware, I do plenty of that. Last week my wife Gloria and I (no more of myself and!) gave a talk to Bramham Ladies meeting group on Monday afternoon. On route to Bramham to give the talk, I called in at Taylors Tea of Harrogate as they had kindly agreed to donate tea and cups for Pateley Bridge's 1940s Weekend which is held at the end of July.
On Wednesday evening along with Gloria, we were at Birstwith Church Hall having been invited to give a talk to the WI.
The event was well attended and seemed to be well received by the ladies with a welcome cup of tea and cake at the end.
Last week Harrogate Borough Council were out planting borders in Pateley Bridge and putting up hanging baskets outside business premises. The businesses pay for these baskets which are subsidised by HBC and once watered a few times look magnificent helping with the appeal to visitors of Pateley Bridge.
We are also trying to make it look good as Pateley Bridge are entered in this year's Yorkshire In Bloom competition which is being judged on Monday 10 July.
St Cuthbert's Primary and Fountains Earth CE Schools are supporting the Pateley in Bloom bid and children are being asked to use their imagination and bring in recycled items as planters with flowers.
Congratulations to Lynette Brammah and staff of Fountains Earth CE School.
Their recent Ofsted inspection has declared the school as ‘Outstanding' in the ‘Personal development, behaviour and welfare' of its pupils.
Nidderdale High School is the next step for many children on leaving the local primary schools and some of their students recently took part in a Science and Technology Challenge Day at the University of York bringing home the winners trophy.
We are fortunate to have great young people in the Dale and I met another one who is a champion of ‘Keepy Ups' – Rebecca Hugill who is 11 years old – plays for York City FC under 12s as well as being a freestyle footballer. Rebecca can keep a football in the air 3,500 times without it touching the ground and is a national champion.
Football must be in the family genes as their brother William plays for Blackburn Rovers Under 13s.
Don't forget to listen to at 3pm today (Thursday 15 June) to BBC Radio 4 Ramblings with Clare Balding accompanied by Sir Thomas and Lady Emma Ingilby walking the Nidderdale Way.
Global Aluminium Calcium Silicate Market: Overview
There is an increased inclination of consumers towards convenience and functional food options. Processed food predominantly hold major share of convenience food. With increasing preference of processed food, market growth of food additive is spurring on a large scale. Food additives form a prominently growing segment of the food industry with continuous product innovations and development efforts being made by food manufacturers towards this segment.
Food additives accounts for peculiar characteristics such as they help to enhance the flavour of the food, improves the texture, adds appeal to the food preparations and also prolongs the shelf life of the food products. Aluminium calcium silicate is one such food additive, which is formed through combinations of various natural minerals through reaction between a calcium, silicon and aluminium compound. There are predominantly being used as anti-caking agent particularly in dry products such as milk.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=26057
Global Aluminium Calcium Silicate Market: Drivers and Restraints
Rising demand for processed food among consumers is driving the overall food additive market. Thereby, accelerating the growth prospects of aluminium calcium silicate market. Aluminium calcium silicate is particularly used as anti-caking agent, which further prevents the sticking of the food particles together as they help to absorb the moisture and act as sealant. Thereby, finds extensive used in dry products such as milk powder, salt among others as it helps in prevention of lumps. Hence, propelling the demand for aluminium calcium silicate market among food manufacturers. Apart from food application, aluminium calcium silicate also finds potential use in non-food items such as rock salt, fertilisers, and synthetic detergents among others. Thereby, providing opportunistic growth platform for aluminium calcium market.
However, excessive consumption of aluminium calcium silicate is associate with serious health hazards. Primarily aluminium calcium silicate is linked with Alzheimer's disease and might also cause bone diseases, kidney damage and neurotoxicity. Moreover, it also contains a crystalline silica that is determined to cause cancer and birth defects. Hence, looking into the health hazards spectrum, adoption of aluminium calcium silicate compound as food additives among food manufacturers id deferred. Thereby, hampering the aluminium calcium silicate market.
On the basis of form, aluminium calcium silicate market is segmented into:-
Powder
Crystals
Global Aluminium Calcium Silicate Market: Region wise Outlook
The global aluminium calcium silicate market is categorised into seven regions, namely, Western Europe, Eastern Europe Middle East and Africa (MEA), Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan, Latin America and, North America. Currently, North America holds the major share in the global aluminium calcium silicate market. Increasing consumption of processed food among consumers is contributing to the growth of aluminium calcium silicate market with increased use to food additive among food manufacturers. The aluminium calcium silicate market in Western Europe is expected to expand at substantial growth rate. However, the health effects associated with aluminium calcium silicate market may restrain the growth of the market with stringent food regulations in Europe. The APEJ aluminium calcium silicate market is capitalizing on the opportunity of extensive research and development carried out in food industry due to easy trade flows and investments opportunities. Owing to increased demand for versatility in food products and widespread application of aluminium calcium silicate in other industries is expected to propel the market growth of aluminium calcium silicate in Japan region.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/aluminium-calcium-silicate-market.html
Global Aluminium Calcium Silicate Market: Key Players
Some of the prominent players identified in the aluminium calcium silicate market includes: The IQE Group, Oracle Chemicals Pvt. Ltd., Zibo Dexin Lianbang Chemical Industry Co,. Ltd., Sigma-Aldrich Co. LLC.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are appealing for witness following a house fire in Crewe where cannabis plants were discovered.
The blaze at the house on Nelson Street was reported to emergency services at approximately 11.30pm on Tuesday April 4.
Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service were at the scene for several hours and subsequent investigations show a small number of cannabis plants were found in the address.
It is believed the plants were being grown there.
The cause of the fire has not been confirmed.
(Photo: @CreweCitizen)
DC Richard Garret, of Cheshire Police, said: “A white van was seen parked opposite the premises at approximate 10.30pm on the night of the fire and group of men were spotted emptying the house of contents.
“We would appeal to anyone who has any information about the activity at the address, or has any information about the people who lived there to contact police.”
Several nearby residents were evacuated from homes in the middle of the night as the fire, in the rppf space of the terraced house, threatened to spread to neighbouring properties.
Anyone with any information is asked to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 1103 of 4/4/2017.
Alternatively information can be given anonymously by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
The Cornish surf and music festival returns in August for another weekend of wavey vibes from 8th-12th August 2018.
This second announcement brings news of the headliners for the weekend as Catfish and the Bottlemen and George Ezra are set to be joining they already announced The Chemical Brothers on the main stage.
Catfish were third down on the line up in only 2016, and their shift to headliner status shows how Boardmasters continues to be a festival that allows newer bands the opportunity to rise.
Other acts joining the Boardmasters line up include Kano, Years & Years, Rag'n'Bone Man, Everything Everything, and Willie and the Bandits.
The current line up is as follows, with more yet to be released:
Both day and weekend tickets for the Newquay festival are available here.
Check out last year's highlights below:
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — The cost of attending Christopher Newport University is going up.
The Daily Press reports (http://bit.ly/2oPQGmr ) the school's Board of Visitors voted last week to raise tuition and other costs.
The total cost of in-state students is going up 3.8 percent to $24,878 a year. For out-of-state students, costs will increase $1,480 to $37,074 a year. CNU's total cost for in-state students ranks fourth among public schools in Virginia.
The school says the increase will help fund faculty and staff pay raises.
BAGHDAD (AP) — French President Francois Hollande has arrived in Iraq amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
During their one-day visit which started on Monday, Hollande is scheduled to meet with Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the capital, Baghdad. Later, he'll travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
The visit comes as Iraqi troops, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul.
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declaring an Islamic “caliphate.” Like some European countries, France has suffered terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Actor Anil Kapoor rumoured to be playing on-screen father to Salman Khan in Race 3, says they are even open to playing dad to megastar Amitabh Bachchan in a film.
Anil, who steered clear from commenting on the buzz, has featured in all instalments of the Race series.
Asked if they are playing father to Salman in the franchise's third project, they said, “I don't have a problem with it. I am also ready to play the role of Amitji's (Amitabh Bachchan) father as I am an actor.”
“I have signed a non-disclosure clause, so I won't be able to give many details of the film, but all I can say is that I have been a part of both Race films earlier.”
“But the story of Race 3 is very different and having said that, I think all elements of previous part of Race are intact in this film as well for the audience's entertainment.”
Anil has just finished shooting their portions for Fanne Khan, which also features their Taal co-star Aishwarya Rai Bachchan.
Trending
“I always had good relations with everybody. And I had a great experience working with Aishwarya in this film too. I finished shooting of my portions for the film (on Friday) and now the shoot of Fanne Khan has been completed from my side.
“I think the shooting of 2-3 songs is remaining,” they added on the sidelines of an event where they hosted a screening of Amazon Prime Originals series The Grand Tour here on Saturday night.
The event was attended by Bollywod celebrities Amit Sadh, Saiyami Kher, Natasha Suri, Atul Kasbekar, Ronit Roy, Darshan kumar, Armaan Malik, Neha Sharma, RJ Malishka, Angad Bedi, Gaurav Kapoor, Pooja Hegde and Sapna Pabbi.
Well, hello, Donna!
Actress Donna Murphy, who played the title role in "Hello, Dolly!" for one performance each week during Bette Midler's 10-month run in the hit musical last year, will return to the show in July for six performances. Murphy will again fill in for Midler, this time during Sunday matinees from July 22 through Aug. 19 and for the Aug. 20 evening performance. Midler, who left the show on Jan. 14, will reprise their Tony Award-winning role as irrepressible matchmaker Dolly Levi for the rest of the performances beginning July 17 until the Aug. 25 closing. Murphy also filled in for Midler last year while the star was on vacation.
Bernadette Peters, who took over for Midler on Jan. 20, will end their run as Dolly on July 15. The national tour of "Hello, Dolly!" begins Oct. 2 in Cleveland with Betty Buckley as the star.
Pakistan's annual inflation rate eased to 3.70 per cent in December from 3.81 per cent in November, the Bureau of Statistics said on Monday.
On a month-on-month basis, prices decreased by 0.68 per cent in December compared with November, the bureau said. Average inflation for the July-December period stood at 3.88 per cent, compared with the same period last year.
The steepest rise in year-on-year prices was seen in the prices of gram flour, pulse gram and besan. The steepest drop in year-on-year prices was in the price of onions, tomatoes and chicken.
click to enlarge Hazel Eyes Photography
The Chug-a-Lug Wagon is Charleston's newest mobile beverage service
click to enlarge
It kept the likes of Cary Ann Hearst hydrated during High Water Fest this weekend and we fully expect to see images of this adorable, tiny Italian delivery truck in heavy rotation on the 'gram throughout the summer. Meet the Chug-a-Lug Wagon, the twee-est of all beverage vehicles.According to Chug-a-Lug Wagon owner Theresa Wolf, the idea for the Chug-a-Lug Wagon came after working in the event staging industry for years. The co-owner of French Eclectic along side Katie Elmore, a company that rents furniture for weddings, events, and backstage lounges, felt like they were missing out on being a part of the actual events."We set up the furniture and go. I wanted to be more of the party," they say.Bringing a beverage service to the party seemed like the solution. After researching a variety of vehicles that might work, they came upon the 1991 Italian Piaggio Ape and was immediately sold."She got their paint job in Italy. Then I waited for them to Silverside Design , a fabricating company in Charleston to build it," they say. The tiny vehicle that goes 35 mph and whose name, Wolf says, stands for worker bee in Italian, is typically used as a little workhorse delivery truck. But for Wolf's purposes, it's delivering six mini kegs, or sixtels."With all of those it's the equivalent of two full size kegs," they say. The kegs are cooled in the back of the truck by a jockey box system that cools them through coils.With this system in place, Wolf can serve up to six taps with everything from prosecco to beer, like the Lagunitas they served at High Water."I think the fun thing about it is you can have a large quantity of alcohol or nonalcoholic," they say. Lately kombucha from Dalia Sofia Ferments have been a big hit with clients. She's also partnered with Cannonborough Beverage to serve their sodas when they station the Chug-a-Lug at the Johns Island Farmers Market."We can serve anything that can flow through a tap," says Wolf.As for the legality of serving alcohol from a vehicle, well she's found a workaround."After speaking with lawyers, legally they don't offer mobile liquor licenses," they say. So, instead their clients buy the alcohol. "There's no markup. The client is purchasing retail." Working with their supplier, Wolf gives clients a list of options, then they handle all the arrangements. The client merely has to swipe their credit card for the actual booze and voila, a vintage drink caravan.In addition to the truck rental fee, packages begin at $650 and go up to $900, although there are add-on options as well including flowers, calligraphy, and glassware.For more information, visit chugalugwagon.com
Prosecutors accuse Koerber of taking monies from new investors to pay interest to previous investors to make the enterprise seem profitable. Koerber admitted on the witness stand that at times they did do that — but said the money was backed completely by equity in real estate, and asserted that meant they were using the equity to pay interest.
How to stop teens from texting and driving? Try money
How to stop teens from texting and driving? Try money Apr 24
Rita Giordano is a health and science reporter. They write about pediatrics and issues involving children and youth.
How to get teenage drivers to put down their phones while driving? Try making them an offer they can't refuse: Money.
That's one of the strategies suggested by a new survey of adolescent attitudes about phone use and driving that was conducted by researchers at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.
The study results, published online this month in the journal Traffic Injury Prevention, involved about 150 Philadelphia-area high school students ages16 and 17 who own a smartphone, drive regularly and admitted to texting while driving. A little more than half of the survey participants reported “high frequency” texting and driving.
The researchers asked students to consider strategies or factors that would help them refrain from texting while operating a vehicle, especially measures that could be implemented through technology-assisted controls or incentives.
Those with the highest ratings were measures that offered economic benefits, such as a cash reward for every week they don't text while driving, a group contest with a monetary prize, or auto insurance discounts, with the programs using phone apps to monitor compliance.
Youth who took part in the survey also saw promise in blocking technology that would silence incoming notifications while driving, lock phones, or make automatic replies to incoming texts.
With drivers 16 to 19 years old more likely to die in cellphone distraction-related crashes than any other age group, the need for effective strategies is great, say the study's researchers.
“More than half of teens in the United States admit to texting while driving, and this has become a significant public health issue leading to preventable deaths and disabling injuries,” said study lead author M. Kit Delgado, a Penn assistant professor of emergency medicine.
“Our study suggests a promising strategy to curb this epidemic would include enabling a phone setting or third party app with automatic responses to incoming texts…combined with financial incentives to sustain use,” the trauma center physician said.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has already recommended implementing a “driver mode” in cellphones, similar to the mandated “airplane mode”, to limit phone use while driving, the study states. Last year, a “do not disturb while driving mode” was made available on iPhones, but, the study notes, it's optional.
Apps and settings aimed at reducing cellphone distraction while driving can only be effective from a population health standpoint if they are widely adopted,” Delgado said.
Most of the students in the survey understood the importance of phone-use-limiting measures. The vast majority of survey takers said they were willing to giving up reading emails, using social media apps, and sending and reading texts while driving. And many of them felt blocking technology would be a good idea so they would not get distracted or need to take their eyes off the road.
Not many of the frequent phone-using teen motorists, however, were willing to give up their navigation or music phone functions while driving.
And while blocking apps did find support, the biggest reason young drivers were wary of such measures was if they thought the apps would let their parents monitor their driving behavior.
But the researchers found that the offer of financial incentives went a long way to making the phone-use limiting measures more palatable.
Ultimately, the study concluded: “Promising strategies for increasing acceptance of cellphone blocking technology among teen drivers include automated screen locking and permitting hands-free navigation and music combined with behavioral economic incentives to sustain engagement.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The reasons for the happiness at the ANN7's demise are because it was started by the Gupta family and has mostly taken a very different position to most of the media, says the writer. File picture: Siphiwe Sibeko/Reuters
As South Africa transitioned from apartheid repression to a democracy in the early 1990s, I ventured from working at alternative, anti-apartheid newspapers to working at the then mainly white mainstream newspaper, the Sunday Times.
I figured that papers like the Sunday Times would have to transform with our democracy.
My first editor was Tertius Myburgh, who was close to the National Party, but they were replaced, soon after I arrived, by Ken Owen, an old-fashioned liberal who was rather different from Myburgh.
I became an assistant editor of the Sunday Times under Owen and they became one of my mentors in journalism despite our different political persuasions. Owen taught me about the liberal notion of “while I might disagree with you, I will fight to the death for your right to express your views”.
Owen was one of the best-read columnists in the country. They were respected for their views by many people in the ANC and the United Democratic Front, even though most of them disagreed with them most of the time.
I thought a lot about Owen this week and how true liberals like them have all but disappeared in South Africa. The people who profess to be upholding liberalism are too consumed by populism and are easily distracted by whatever the ruling ANC does.
Many of these modern-day supposed liberals were happy this week when MultiChoice, which has a monopoly on pay TV in South Africa through their ownership of DStv, decided they would not renew their contract with ANN7 when it expires in August. The result is that ANN7 will no longer have a platform, potentially leading to the closure of the station and the retrenchment of its staff members, said to be about 500.
The reasons for the happiness at the station's demise are because it was started by the Gupta family and has mostly taken a very different position to most of the media in South Africa.
Some people in the media have even called them propagandists. The reason most media are not seen as propagandists is because their views correspond with the pre-dominant views in society.
But most media propagate a viewpoint. I have always maintained it is impossible for media to be objective, because all of us have political, social, economic and historical baggage which informs the way we report. The best we can try to do is to be fair.
But I also believe that, if certain views exist in our society, then it is important for us to know about them. Suppressing views will not make them go away. In many ways, they make the people who hold those views more committed to them.
During the struggle against apartheid, I worked for several anti-apartheid newspapers which often got banned, and journalists banned or detained. But the attempts to repress our views just made us more determined and, in some ways, convinced us we were right. I know things were different then, but it is strange that, in the democracy that so many of us fought for, people can applaud the decision to silence a media outlet which holds a divergent viewpoint.
During apartheid, we drew strength from the support of those who had different views but who supported our right to exist.
I hold no brief for the Guptas, even though I worked for them briefly a few years ago. I have been highly critical of the Guptas when they deserved criticism, which was probably most of the time.
However, I will never deprive them or anyone else, of their right to invest in media. As I said at the Cape Town Press Club in 2012, when I was editor of The New Age, there is no such thing as a perfect media owner and, as journalists, we must produce excellent media products despite and not because of our owners.
I refused to use The New Age to fight the Guptas' battles. Obviously, the people at ANN7 - which was started after I left The New Age - have a different view and have been actively promoting factions that are aligned to President Jacob Zuma, who has always been seen to be close to the Guptas.
But that is no reason to close them down or to rejoice at their closure. People who rejoice at the closure of any media outlet - especially people in the media industry - need to reflect on what this means for democracy. Any voice that is silenced is bad for democracy.
We need to remind ourselves of the famous words by the German Lutheran pastor Martin Niemöller who did not speak out when they came for the socialists, the trade unionists or the Jews, because they were not one. Until they came for them and there was no one left to speak for him.
I'm sorry, I cannot gloat at ANN7's demise, even if I am tempted to.
* Fisher is an independent media professional. Twitter: @rylandfisher
** The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Newspapers.
Weekend Argus
The Washington Redskins lost Kirk Cousins in free agency and now will rely on a starting quarterback who will be 34 when the 2018 season kicks off.
So with the team holding the No. 13 overall pick in a quarterback-rich 2018 NFL Draft, the obvious question for Redskins vice president of personnel Doug Williams is how good they feel with recently acquired Alex Smith under center.
"You know, the thing about Alex Smith, I say we got the best third-round pick in the draft," said Williams, who sent a third-round selection to the Kansas City Chiefs in exchange for Smith. "I don't care what anybody says. You can't get a better third-round pick. And we feel pretty good from a stability standpoint in what he's meant to this building as a whole walking in here -- in the quarterback room, in the dressing room, in the dining hall.
"His leadership is unquestionable. It speaks for itself. And what he's done as a player I think speaks volumes also."
Quarterbacks are expected to be taken early and often in the first round of Thursday night's draft.
NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang lists USC's Sam Darnold first and UCLA's Josh Rosen second in their most recent Big Board. Josh Allen (Wyoming) is ranked 10th by Rang, former Heisman Trophy winner Baker Mayfield (Oklahoma) is 14th, Lamar Jackson (Louisville) 15th and Mason Rudolph (Oklahoma State) is 55th.
Williams acknowledged that had Washington not made the deal for Smith, "We'd talk about moving up, but at this time, we just sit back and find out what's going to come to us if we stay at 13."
If anything, Williams said, rather than attempting to jump up in the draft to snag either a quarterback or any other player, they could envision the Redskins moving back in the first round.
"Well, let me say this, the chances of trading up might be a little slimmer than trading down, but at the same time, you've got to have somebody to trade with, and I don't think you go into it saying, 'I'm going to trade down,'" Williams said. "And we're not trying to recoup the third-round pick [for Smith]. ... I think at the same time, we've got phones that are in that room, if they ring, you've got guys calling all the time and want to know, 'Do you want to come up or do you want to go back?' But it all depends on who's there when they're calling you. They don't just call you to ask you.
"There might be a player that they want at that particular time that they're afraid that somebody else is going to pick and they might call you to ask you, 'Do you want to move back?' But we would have to call somebody to say we want to move up."
Williams offered up the "best player available" mantra when assessing their team's needs, but did say running back is a possibility at No. 13 after the team had a revolving door in the backfield last season.
"Well, I feel pretty good about the running backs," said Williams. "We didn't do exactly the way we wanted to, and, yes, everybody wants to upgrade. We want to upgrade everywhere we could. Running back is a place that we always say we need a little more help."
Williams pointed to last year's first-round pick, defensive tackle Jonathan Allen, as an example of the unpredictability of the draft. Allen was projected as a top-10 selection by some a year ago but fell to Washington at No. 17.
The first round could be more volatile this year with the possibility of five quarterbacks going within the top 15 picks.
"We're talking about this draft with six quarterbacks that possibly can go in the first round. So you don't know how that run is going to go. You don't look at it from that standpoint," said Williams. "When you're in that seat at 13, number one, you sit there and you just watch the draft as it goes. And you've got your guys that you'd like to have. You've got about six or seven guys on that board that you're hoping is there when you get there.
"If you lose one, you put another one up. If you lose another one, you put another one up, so when you get to your turn, you know, a couple minutes out, what have you, you sit there and you have your little pow-wow and you come up with the player that you're going to pick out of that group."
LAS VEGAS—Dell kicked off CES 2017 by adding a some flexibility to one of its most popular notebooks. The company announced the new Dell XPS 13 two-in-one, which takes everything good about the latest Dell XPS 13 notebook and puts it into a convertible design. According to Dell, the priority with this new convertible (as well as the rest of its two-in-one notebooks) was to make a device that could perform well in tablet, tent, and other modes, but that didn't lose the practicality and functionality of a regular laptop.
The cosmetic differences between the new XPS 13 convertible and Dell's original notebook aren't glaring, but they are important. Most noticeable is the new hinge connecting the display to the keyboard deck. Using two geometric attachments, the display is able to flip backwards and lie nearly flat against the back of the keyboard deck. There is space in between the two panels, making it look less seamless than a device like Lenovo's Yoga Book. Also, the display panel and the keyboard deck are not the same length, which makes the keyboard deck jut out slightly more than the lid when in tablet mode.
Dell kept the matte-black, soft-touch finish found on the XPS 13 laptop in this convertible, and the chassis is made of carbon fiber composite and CNC machined aluminum. It shares that sleek and professional look with the original XPS 13, and at 2.7 pounds (1.2kg) it's light and easy to tote from room to room. In the short time I spent with the XPS 13 convertible, it appeared that its steel hinges supported the display enough for the device to be a sturdy laptop as well as a flexible two-in-one. The keyboard deck feels solid as well, so I don't anticipate any wobbliness or balance issues when working with the XPS 13 convertible on your lap.
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Since the new model is a convertible, Dell had to make both display options touch-capable and we're glad it did. The XPS 13 convertible will have two display options: a 13.3-inch, 1920x1080 touchscreen and a same-sized 3200x1800 touchscreen. There's no 4K display option though, which feels like an oversight. Both options support Dell's Active Pen, too, although that's an optional accessory.
Another change we're happy to see is the inclusion of a fingerprint sensor on the keyboard deck (the photos above are of pre-production units, and of XPS 13 convertible models without the fingerprint sensor). This will be an optional hardware perk that you can get if you plan to use it with Windows Hello's biometric security features. And with the addition of the XPS 13 convertible to Dell's lineup, the company will also be updating the XPS 13 notebook to include a fingerprint sensor.
On the flip side, we're bummed that the XPS 13's webcam remains underneath the display panel. This makes the camera's angle not conducive for really anything—however, it will eventually support facial recognition to be used with Windows Hello. We're curious to see how well the camera can recognize faces considering its location, but we'll have to wait for that: a Dell representative told me that the IR features of the camera will be turned on once Microsoft releases the Redstone 2 Update of Windows 10. For ports, the XPS 13 convertible has one USB Type C Thunderbolt 3-enabled port, one USB 3 port, a microSD card slot, a Noble lock slot, and a headphone jack.
In typical Dell fashion, you can customize many of the internals on the XPS 13 two-in-one. You have the choice of a Kaby Lake i5 or i7 processor, up to 16GB of RAM, and up to 1TB of storage. A note about the XPS 13's new design and power efficiency: the new design is fanless, and it has temperature sensors that know when the machine is getting too hot. When that happens, the device automatically lowers power to the CPU to prevent overheating the system. Every model has a 46Whr battery inside, and Dell estimates it'll last 15 hours on a single charge.
Overall, Dell fixed some issues we had with the XPS 13 in this new convertible while keeping up with the majority of other PC companies turning popular notebooks into two-in-ones. Check in with Ars to see a full review on the XPS 13 convertible in the coming weeks. The XPS 13 two-in-one will be available this month starting at $999.
Listing image by Valentina Palladino
By Annette Chrysostomou
Around 80 per cent of litter in the sea originates from land-based sources, Xenia Loizidou from Akti research centre said on Tuesday during an event aimed at fighting pollution from plastics.
“The plastic from bags never disappears,” they said, “it just turns into microplastics. They slowly fill the stomachs of marine animals which then have the feeling their stomach is full. They starve to death because they stop eating.”
They were speaking during the first ‘Beyond Plastic Litter Champion' award ceremony, to recognise sustainable practices implemented by beach bars and beach restaurants in Cyprus, which took place aboard the vessel Doremi.
The vessel left Phinikoudes pier at 11am and returned at 1pm, after it took the participants on a mini cruise along Larnaca's coastline while Akti Project and Research Centre announced the winners of the competition, in which around 60 establishments participated.
Ammos beach bar located at Mackenzie beach won the top award and an additional innovation award for its practice ‘straws made from baked pasta'. This is just one of the many practices of the bar aimed at changing awareness, one of the owners, Tonia Kyriakou, said.
“We want to slowly replace everything made from plastic,” they explained. “We will also give a free beverage to those who clean the beach and bring us a bag full of rubbish. Our take-away boxes are already made of paper and recyclable.”
‘Supporting local producers through collaboration with the Co-op green cluster platform' was the project with which the Deck Beach Bar won the environmental responsibility award. This is done by supporting microproducers, companies with less than five employees. For example, the bar buys its wine and many other products from such small producers.
Another award, for environmental sustainability, was presented to Paradisos Beach venue in Ayia Napa for its practice ‘Daily beach clean-ups for 20 years'. They have cleaned up the beach in front of their building for that long.
Bonamare Beach bar café was also given an environmental sustainability award for ‘Hiring local staff' as they hire only staff from the area near their establishment.
Socrates Beach restaurant and Bonamare Beach bar café were awarded for donating used cooking oil to schools. Instead of collecting the oil and selling it as is common practice, they give it to the schools for free, from where it is collected by Akti, turned into biodiesel and sold. The money is then returned to the schools which use it to finance more green projects.
The competition was an initiative of Akti Project and Research Centre in collaboration with the Pancyprian Association of Entertainment Venue Owners (Pasika).
The initiative is being implemented within the framework of the ‘fighting plastic pollution in Cyprus: the responsible beach bars initiative' project funded by the Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation.
For more information on the Akti Project and Research Centre visit www.akti.corg.cy
MEDINA, Ohio (AP) — A 23-year-old University of Akron accounting student has been named the nation's top grocery bagger after claiming the Ohio title two years in a row.
The Medina (meh-DY'-nuh) Gazette (http://bit.ly/2lOUoJ0 ) reports Brady Long returns to Wadsworth with a $10,000 prize after winning the National Grocers Association's Best Bagger championship.
Long packs up groceries at Buehler's Fresh Foods. They competed against nearly two dozen others during the bagging championship in Las Vegas, where they were judged on speed, technique and other factors, including style and attitude.
They say he'll use the prize money to help them replace their current vehicle, a 1996 van.
Advertisement
___
Information from: The Medina County Gazette, http://www.medina-gazette.com
Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred takes questions from the media before a game between the Boston Red Sox and the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP)
Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred takes questions from the media before a game between the Boston Red Sox and the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP)
TORONTO (AP) - Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred is encouraged by pace-of-play changes that have limited mound visits and reduced the time between innings at major league games this season.
Speaking in Toronto on Tuesday before the Blue Jays hosted the Boston Red Sox, Manfred said the new rules have sped up games without any disruption. Mound visits without pitching changes averaged 3.79 per game through Sunday, down from 7.41 for the 2017 season.
"Whenever you change a rule in baseball, people predict all sorts of dire outcomes, and we have avoided even the smallest of incidents related either to the mound visit rule or the shorter inning breaks," Manfred said Tuesday. "Secondly, I'm positive about them because they've been effective. We are way down in terms of mound visits, I think down about 50 percent, and our inning breaks are significantly shorter. I take both of those as positives in an ongoing effort to make sure that we're producing an entertainment product with as little dead time as possible."
Manfred is a proponent of the pitch clocks currently in use in the minor leagues, but said they were "not in a position where I'm going to say for certain whether or not we're going to have pitch clocks at the big league level." The players' association refused to agree to pitch clocks, and Manfred backed off of their threat to unilaterally implement them this year.
The commissioner also spoke about the number of games postponed by poor weather so far. Tuesday's game in Baltimore between the Rays and Orioles was the 27th to be postponed this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986.
"This has really been a unique April for us," Manfred said. "We've set a record for the number of games that have been canceled and, probably more troublingly, we've played a lot of games in really tough weather. I think we have 12 cities that have been more than 10 degrees below their average temperature for the month of April."
Still, Manfred said the solution isn't as simple as scheduling early-season games in domes and warm-weather cities.
"No teams are going to want to start the season on the road for a couple of weeks," Manfred said. "In fact, the Basic Agreement prohibits a trip that long. Equally important, the domed and warm-weather markets don't want that many games early in the year. Whether you have a dome or it's warm weather, until school gets out they are tougher dates. We will do everything possible to try to schedule in a way that minimizes weather damage. It's in our interest to do that. But there are real limitations in the schedule."
Manfred's schedule in Toronto included a meeting with Blue Jays president Mark Shapiro and separate sessions with representatives of team owner Rogers Communications Inc., including chairperson Edward Rogers.
Renovations to Rogers Centre, Toronto's home since June 1989, were among the items on Manfred's agenda.
"Given the passage of time, the building is probably out of date in terms of the amenities that are available in many of our ballparks," Manfred said. "While the building is fundamentally sound, I think it needs an update to make it as economically viable as possible."
Manfred tries to visit as many big league teams as they can each season and, having not been to Toronto last year, was eager to come early this season. The timing of their trip was unrelated to Monday's deadly attack in Toronto, in which 10 people were killed and 14 injured when a driver deliberately struck pedestrians with a van along a busy sidewalk.
"All of us at Major League Baseball were devastated," Manfred said. "You were in our thoughts all day yesterday and will remain there for some time. I hope that maybe our game tonight will provide a little bit of the beginning of a healing process that will be important for this city."
A blue banner reading #TORONTOSTRONG was hung from the second deck in center field before Tuesday night's game, Toronto's first since the deadly incident. Similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate, and the team planned to acknowledge the victims before the first pitch.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Highlights from the news file for Wednesday, June 14
———
GUNMAN WOUNDS U.S. LAWMAKER, THEN KILLED BY POLICE: A Republican-hating gunman who had spewed rage upon U.S. President Donald Trump and their party opened fire on a group of U.S. lawmakers Wednesday, causing a range of injuries in what appeared to be a politically motivated shooting. A senior Republican lawmaker was in critical condition. Steve Scalise is the third-ranking House Republican and the hospital treating them tweeted that their status was more precarious than described earlier by colleagues: "(Representative) Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition." The scene of terror unfolded on a suburban baseball field. Standing along the third-base line, shooter James Hodgkinson sprayed gunfire at a group of congressional Republicans who were practising for their annual baseball game against Democrats. The multi-minute mayhem ended with five injured and one dead: the shooter. A more severe bloodbath was averted because Capitol Hill police were there to return gunfire, holding back the assailant, according to one politician there.
———
DON'T STAY OVERLY DELAYED TRIALS, SENATORS SAY: The Liberal government needs to establish a different consequence for cases that take too long to make their way through the courts to prevent those accused of sexual assault or murder from walking free without a trial, a Senate committee says. The Supreme Court's groundbreaking Jordan decision last summer set out a new framework for determining whether a criminal trial has been unreasonably delayed to the point where it has violated an accused's charter rights. The high court cited a "culture of complacency" as part of the problem, and imposed a ceiling of 30 months for a case to make its way through superior courts, and 18 months for provincial courts. Wednesday's new Senate committee report points out that a stay of proceedings is currently the only remedy for a trial that goes on too long, and recommends reduced sentences or the awarding of costs as other solutions. The Supreme Court ruling came with a transitional measure for cases already in the system, although a dissenting minority opinion argued the new time limits could lead to thousands of prosecutions being tossed out.
———
DEATH TOLL RISES TO 12 IN LONDON APARTMENT BUILDING INFERNO: They banged on Windows, screamed for help and dropped children from smoky floors in a desperate attempt to save them. Terrified residents of the Grenfell Tower said there was little warning of the inferno that engulfed their highrise apartment building and left 12 people dead — a toll that officials said would almost certainly rise. The blaze early Wednesday in the 24-storey building in west London's North Kensington district also injured 74 others, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. A tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire. More than 200 firefighters worked through the night and were still finding pockets of fire inside later in the day. A huge plume of smoke wafted across the London skyline and left a burned-out hulk in the working class, multi-ethnic neighbourhood. Prime Minister Theresa May's office said they were "deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life" in the fire. Mayor Sadiq Khan said many questions must be answered about safety for the scores of other apartment blocks around the British capital.
———
SAN FRANCISCO UPS SHOOTING LEAVES 4 DEAD, INCLUDING GUNMAN: A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, killing three employees and then themselves as officers closed in, police and the company said. San Francisco assistant police chief Toney Chaplin said at a news conference that two others were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in an industrial neighbourhood near downtown. Police have not determined a motive. Chaplin said that the shooter was armed with an assault pistol and put the weapon to their head and pulled the trigger when police found him. A UPS statement said the shooter and all the victims were employees. Spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that the gunman opened fire inside the facility before the drivers were sent out for their daily deliveries. Neighbours said they heard up to eight rapid gunshots.
———
LARGE WAVE ROLLED WHALE-WATCHING VESSEL, TSB REPORT SAYS: The Transportation Safety Board says a large, breaking wave hit a whale-watching vessel off British Columbia's coast in October 2015, overturning the boat and dumping passengers and crew into the water. The board makes three recommendations after the fatal capsizing, including that all commercial passenger vessels operating beyond sheltered waters carry emergency radio beacons that indicate their positions. Six people, five Britons and one Australian, died in the capsizing and 21 others were rescued on Oct. 25, 2015, near the resort community of Tofino. The board also recommends that passenger vessels across Canada adopt risk-management processes that identify hazards, such as areas known to have large, breaking waves. The report says search and rescue authorities were not aware of the capsizing for 45 minutes because the crew didn't have time to transmit a distress call and it was only by chance that they were able to activate a flare, alerting rescuers nearby. In the days after the capsizing, the board said many passengers were standing on the top deck on one side of the ship when a large wave hit the opposite side, rolling the boat and sending the passengers and crew into the water.
———
HALL OF FAME CFL COACH MATTHEWS DIES AT AGE 77: They called them "The Don," and with good reason. A larger-than-life character with a sharp wit who thrived in the spotlight, Don Matthews took wicked pleasure in keeping people around them on edge with their abrasive, no-nonsense style. The Hall of Famer, who died Wednesday at the age of 77, was one of the most prolific coaches in CFL history with 231 wins and 10 Grey Cups on their resume. Players traditionally loved suiting up for them because of their reputation for creating a winning atmosphere and protecting their athletes. While known for being a "player's coach," they could also be ruthless when it came to making tough personnel decisions and they aren't afraid to bench a veteran or cut them outright if they aren't producing. "It's that balance and to do that you must be brilliant," said running back/slotback Mike (Pinball) Clemons, who won two Grey Cups over three seasons playing for Matthews in Toronto. "Some people try to be a player's coach but they let it go too far and the players run the roost."
———
LA LOCHE SHOOTING WISHED Their KILLED HIMSELF, HEARING TOLD: A teenager who killed four people and injured seven in the northern Saskatchewan community of La Loche told a caseworker that they wished they had killed himself. Christopher Hales told the teen's sentencing hearing Wednesday that the youth also told them that they got "an extreme scary rush" after pulling the trigger. Hale works at the youth detention centre where the teen has been held since shortly after the January 2016 shooting. Hales told court that the teen slipped a note under the door of their room that said "F--k life" and showed a picture of a stick figure shooting itself in the head. Hales said the teen told him: "I should have shot myself when I had the chance." The teen pleaded guilty last fall to killing brothers Dayne and Drayden Fontaine in a home before shooting up the high school where teacher Adam Wood and teacher's aide Marie Janvier died. The sentencing hearing is to determine if they should be sentenced as an adult or a youth.
———
MP SAYS RCMP SHOULD HANDLE THUNDER BAY, ONT., DEATHS: Ontario NDP MP Charlie Angus wants Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale to ask the Mounties to investigate the deaths of two indigenous young people in Thunder Bay, Ont. In a letter to the minister, Angus says First Nations leaders have also asked the RCMP to intervene in the investigations. The body of a 17-year-old girl and a 14-year-old boy were found less than two weeks apart in local waterways. On Tuesday, Goodale said municipal policing falls within Ontario's jurisdiction, adding Ottawa would "respond constructively" if local authorities were to express the need for federal support. Indigenous leaders say children are dying in urban centres like Thunder Bay because they are placed at risk, far from their families, in order to seek education and health care services not offered in remote communities. Last year, an Ontario inquest explored the circumstances surrounding the deaths of seven First Nations high school students that occurred between 2000 and 2011 — all while they were living in Thunder Bay.
———
SPA'S 'NO MALE GENITALS' RULE IGNITES TRANSGENDER DEBATE: Controversy over a female-only spa's "no male genitals" policy has reignited debate over the rights of transgender people to access traditionally gender-exclusive spaces, even as the federal government pushes stronger protections prohibiting discrimination based on gender identity and gender expression. The uproar over Toronto's Body Blitz Spa prompted a flurry of complaints on social media, with longtime regular Shelley Marshall among those vowing to boycott the luxurious retreat. Marshall says they tried to bring their transgender friend to the spa last year but was told they would only be welcome at the bathing suit-optional facility if they had undergone sex reassignment surgery. On Wednesday, "Orphan Black" star Tatiana Maslany added their voice to the protest, tweeting that until the spa "changes its policies and is an inclusive space for all women, I'll no longer be going." Body Blitz refused to comment on the issue, but released a statement insisting it supports the LGBTQ community. "However, because Body Blitz Spa is a single-sex facility with full nudity, we are not like other facilities. We recognize that this is an important discussion for single-sex facilities to have and we will seek to find a satisfactory resolution," reads the statement.
———
TREATY 7 CHIEFS TO LEAD STAMPEDE PARADE: The Calgary Stampede will have not one but seven parade marshals this year. Chiefs of the Treaty 7 First Nations in southern Alberta have been chosen to ride at the head of the parade on July 7. They include three chiefs from the Blackfoot Confederacy, three from the Stoney Nakoda Nations and the chief of the Tsuut'ina Nation. Some 1,800 First Nations people took part in the first Calgary Stampede 105 years ago, president and chairperson David Sibbald said Wednesday. "We have had a strong relationship since the beginning of this great festival and we would like to build on that relationship going forward, making our connection even stronger," they said. Chief Darcy Dixon with the Bearspaw First Nation west of Calgary said the organizer of the first Stampede made a point of making sure indigenous people were able to participate. "It wasn't until 1912 that we had a person by the name of Guy Weadick who actually went to bat for the nations to talk to the politicians, so that the Indian agents would allow us to travel freely into our own country from the reservations we were put on," they said.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. PUTIN MAKES SURPRISE STOP IN SYRIA EN ROUTE TO CAIRO
The Russian president visits a Russian military air base in Latakia and announces a partial pullout of their forces from the country.
2. DIVERGENT VIEWS ON WHAT ALABAMA SENATE VOTE MEANS
The matchup between Roy Moore and Doug Jones mixes both the Deep South state's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics.
3. MYANMAR MILITARY'S RAPE OF ROHINGYA MUSLIMS SWEEPING, METHODICAL
In interviews with the AP, more than two dozen women and girls bolster the U.N.'s contention that the Myanmar armed forces are systematically using rape as a "calculated tool of terror" to exterminate the Rohingya people.
4. FOR TRUMP, GOP A MOMENTOUS 2 WEEKS
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and agree on a spending bill to avert a government shutdown over the holidays.
5. WHAT ARE UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES OF WORKPLACE SCANDALS
Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
6. FIREFIGHTERS BRACE FOR 2ND WEEK OF CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES
Southern California fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
7. DEADLINE WEEK CRUNCH FOR HEALTH LAW SIGN-UPS
Friday is the last day for millions of people still eligible to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website.
8. BITCOIN FUTURES RISE AS VIRTUAL CURRENCY HITS MAJOR EXCHANGE
The futures contract that expires in January surges more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading for the popular virtual currency launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
9. WHO ARE FAVORITES FOR POST-WEINSTEIN GOLDEN GLOBES
Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama "The Post" and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale "Dunkirk" are expected to lead the film categories, while Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale" and HBO's "Big Little Lies" could be in for a big day on the TV side.
10. STEELERS CLINCH AFC NORTH
Ben Roethlisberger throws for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times, as Pittsburgh (11-2) rallies past Baltimore 39-38.
TENNESSEE (WRBL) — It starts with a B, and according to americanspcc.org, 1 out of 3 U.S students say it has happened to them. We're talking about bullying. A form of abuse that has claimed lives, unwanted childhood memories, and hurricanes full of tears.
One courageous young man is speaking out towards their bullies and saying no more. In a touching video, that's almost too hard to watch, Keaton Jones gives a heartbreaking testimony on how bullying crushes their spirits everyday. Through a river of tears and a shaky voice, Keaton asked one simple question, ” Why do they bully?” Jones goes on to detail their experience, saying the boys made fun of their nose, and called them ugly because of scars left from a tumor removal.
They go on to detail what the bullies did to them at lunch, ” [The bullies] put milk on me, and put ham down my clothes and throw bread at me.”
Stopbullying.com reported, young people who are perceived as different from their peers are often at risk for being bullied.
Jones said, “People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. Okay, it's not their fault.”
Jones still found a way to muster up the courage, and leave this message for others going through bullying as well.
http://https://www.facebook.com/patgallenTV/videos/1978874492401048/
“If you are made fun of, don't let it bother you. Stay strong I guess”
Jones' mother, the woman behind the camera, posted the video on facebook, and what came after neither of them expected.
Jones courageous testimony rallied an enormous amount of support from celebrities and people around the world. The video has millions of views. Captain America himself, Chris Evans, even reached out to him. Evans tweeted, ” Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year?”
Jones caught the attention of huge celebrities from every walk of life such as: Dr. Phil, Hailee Steinfeld, Kevin Jonas, Cardi B, Bernard Blake, Deandre Washington, Billy Baldwin, Eva Longoria Baston, Chris Brown, Snoop Dogg, Todd Chrisley, and countless more.
Jones and their family are getting swarmed with incoming tweets and posts across all social platforms.
Jones sister, Lakyn Jones, tweeted, ” Apologizes again to those tweets I can't get to. My mentions are flooded and I am trying my best. We thank everyone for the love and support.”
WRBL wants everyone to know that we #StandWithKeaton.
WRBL doesn't agree with bullying in any form. We hope that our message inspires those going through bullying to stay strong.
We leave you with this final message from our General Manager.
Three goals inside the last 16 minutes helped Everton secure a 3-0 win over Southampton at Goodison today.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Avon Products Inc. stock climbed to one of its highest levels in weeks on the possibility that Sheri McCoy is set to leave their post as chief executive officer.
Shares of the company rose by 4.7 percent to $3.66, one of the highest levels for over the last month, which has seen the stock hover between $3.40 and $3.50.
Anyone who has visited SpaceX's rocket factory in Hawthorne, California, knows that the company has filled up its facilities with Falcon 9 first stages, payload fairings, and Dragon capsules. In the coming years, as the company transitions into manufacturing the Big Falcon Rocket, or BFR vehicle, it will need a lot more capacity.
The company has not explicitly stated where it will build the BFR, expected to measure 106 meters tall and nine meters wide. However, it needs to do so near water, because such a large vehicle cannot be transported to the launch pad or test sites via a highway, the means currently used to move the Falcon 9 rocket.
A new document from the Port of Los Angeles indicates that the company is moving ahead with plans to build a "state-of-the-art" industrial manufacturing facility near Long Beach, about 20 miles south of its headquarters. The document summarizes an environmental study of the site for the port, on behalf of a proposed tenant—WW Marine Composites, LLC. This appears to be a subsidiary company of SpaceX.
The company seeks to use an 18-acre site at Berth 240 in the port "for the construction and operation of a facility to manufacture large commercial transportation vessels." Operations at the site would include "research and development of transportation vessels and would likely include general manufacturing procedures such as welding, composite curing, cleaning, painting, and assembly operations." Completed vessels would need to be transported by water due to their size, the document states, as a means to explain why the company needs a facility immediately adjacent to the water.
The document also noted that the 10-year lease, with up to two 10-year renewals, would "accommodate recovery operations undertaken by Space Exploration Technologies to bring to shore vehicles returning from space that are retrieved by an autonomous drone ship offshore." This would be for first-stage recoveries of the Falcon 9 rocket and probably payload fairings as well.
Although the document was approved earlier this month, it only came to wider attention on Monday when it was shared on the social news site reddit. The company did not confirm that the facility will be used for the BFR. Asked for comment, SpaceX spokesperson Eva Behrend told Ars, "SpaceX is in preliminary discussions with the Port of LA about the potential of leasing additional land for operations."
However, an independent source confirmed that this facility is, indeed, intended for the manufacture of the BFR rocket in Los Angeles.
It is not clear when SpaceX would begin manufacturing vehicles in the new facilities. However, the company may begin testing the large "spaceship" portion of the BFR at its Brownsville, Texas, launch site some time in 2019. This would include testing during short "hops" of the seven Raptor engines that will provide propulsion for the spaceship portion of the BFR.
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Sam Machkovech
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
Nathan Mattise
AUSTIN, Texas—Robots and research during the day, barbacoa and bands at night. South by Southwest may not deliver the product announcements of CES or the in-depth technical analysis of Google I/O or WWDC-types, but Austin's contribution to the tech calendar remains perhaps the most unique annual event on the Ars radar.
The 2018 event only emphasized this. SXSW remains the place where you may decide to check out the Westworld showrunners talking about season two when all of a sudden Elon Musk shows up, Thandie Newton (Mae) reveals their deep passion for improving life in the Congo, and everyone starts discussing how to inspire humanity. Or, you might decide to check out the much-hyped Ready Player One "Oasis" experience only to discover HTC quietly snuck its newest headset iteration in, and you can finally comfortably wear your eyeglasses while gaming.
We came across an arthouse film festival that rivals Sundance or Cannes, only it takes place in virtual reality here. There were Batmobiles, European comment section magic, rocket engine test fire, and Mark freakin' Hamill—and most of that happened before a single band took the stage.
As the event rolled along, we also took a brief gander through SXSW's gaming show floor. SXSW Gaming, which is still only a few years young, continues to have a regional, PAX-like feel. About midway through the week, suddenly anyone with a gaming itch can find local indies, playable retro games, massive merch booths, and a fair share of free-play zones for card and computer fans alike. Unlike those more established shows, however, this one also had a massive Bob Ross presence. Their foundation came on site to advocate for kids' art by teaching them how to paint happy little trees.
We'll continue to have stories from Texas Hill Country in the near future (because on top of all the stuff mentioned above, we also saw a ton of films). But for now, have a look at some of our favorite sights above and below to get a sense for how eclectic (err, we should say "weird" right?) Austin remains after all these years.
Sam Machkovech
Listing image by Nathan Mattise
But employing teachers is not one of Utah's strengths.
The state's school districts are currently facing a staffing shortage, with low wages and large class sizes — a product of worst-in-the-nation funding levels — combining to make Utah classroom jobs noncompetitive, and contributing to high turnover rates among school faculty.
That's why Bailey supports Our Schools Now, a proposed ballot initiative that seeks to lift the state's income tax rate from 5 percent to 5.875 percent.
If successful, Our Schools Now would generate roughly $750 million for the state's public education system, including $1.8 million for Corner Canyon High School.
The money, to be distributed on a per-student basis, would mean higher salaries, additional teaching positions, new classroom technology or any other item on the wish lists of administrators and policymakers.
"If we could have more teachers, then we could reduce the stress on the teachers already in the classroom," Bailey said. "There would be more job satisfaction and better retention."
The initiative, expected to reach voters in 2018, is not without its detractors.
Tax-wary advocacy groups bristle at writing schools a $750 million check, while Utah lawmakers object to circumventions of the legislative process.
Critics point to the hundreds of millions of dollars added to school budgets since the Great Recession, which led to incremental and disputed improvements in school performance.
Others, like Sutherland Institute education policy analyst Christine Cooke, cite Utah's above-average graduation rate and best-in-the-nation science scores as evidence that Utah schools are succeeding despite low funding levels.
"More money is not necessarily reform," said Cooke, also a former educator. "Real education reform requires innovations, new ideas, asking big, bold questions and opportunities for personalization."
Lawmakers, who deflated an elections-related ballot initiative in 2014 by passing a compromise bill, plan to hold several hearings on Our Schools Now.
The initiative's organizers, among the most notable and influential business leaders in the state, say they're willing to strike a deal with the Legislature. But they also believe the public is with them, and the initiative won't be satisfied or called off without a significant boost to school coffers.
"We are full steam ahead," said Education First co-chairperson Bob Marquardt. "We've gotten quite a bit of attention since our announcement a month ago and a lot of interest."
A 'good husband and father' who twice flashed at young women and girls in Gloucester have been given four months to try to get to the root of the problems which cause them to expose himself.
Judge Jamie Tabor QC said they accepted that the serial flashing offences committed by Shane Rees, of Curtis Street, Swindon, could be partly due to a brain injury they suffered in an accident 20 years ago.
But they said that even if that was so it did not provide Rees, 41, with a complete excuse for their offending.
They deferred sentence on Rees till December 4 to give them a chance to comply and co-operate with assesment for a treatment programme.
Prosecutor, Caighli Taylor told the judge said two women in their 20s, who were walking past the Co-op shop on Seymour Road, Linden, in Gloucester, say them commit a lewd act in their car.
"They walked on, and then noticed them driving past them as they left. They say they were smirking."
Later, a woman with their two-year-old daughter saw them park up near a children's play area and commit a lewd act.
A member of the public got their number plate and that led to their arrest.
The prosecutor added: "He is 41 years of age with 16 convictions for 46 offences. They have 13 previous exposure offences. They did it the first time in 1999.
The judge noted: "He's received modest prison sentences in the past. It seems to happen once every three to four years."
Ms Taylor told the judge that their general pattern was "exposure to the general public. Not necessarily even targeting women."
Sarah Jenkins, for Rees, said "There has been no suggestion previously that they have targeted an area where you may expect to find children, such as play areas.
"There was no reference to the head injury in the pre-sentence report. They have never raised that before. It was only this year that they had an MRI scan which showed frontal lobe damage from 20 years ago."
The judge said "I want them to have treatment. The head injury is not going to get any better. This case suggests to me that the brain damage has got worse. Damage to the frontal lobes can explain the lack of inhibition."
Deferring sentence the judge urged Rees to attend for assessments, co-operate and be well mannered and well behaved with people involved in deciding on a treatment programme for him."
"If I find you are not co-operating, irrespective of whether you are considered suitable for another programme, you wil go to prison," the judge warned them
"If a doctor can provide a fuller account of the effects of your brain injury it will assist the probation officer preparing a report on you and it will assist in sentencing on December 4."
Two high profile bills scheduled for debate by Nebraska lawmakers don't do enough to provide meaningful property tax reform and relief according to leaders of Nebraska agriculture organizations. The agriculture leaders, representing tens of thousands of Nebraska farmers, ranchers, and livestock feeders, say the tax related provisions included in LB 640 and LB 461 fall short of the expectations of Nebraska property taxpayers.
“We like where Senator Groene is coming from in LB 640. The concept of limiting the amount of property taxes that can be used to fund schools makes a lot of sense and we want to keep pressing that point. Unfortunately, the bill is paid for using the Property Tax Credit Fund – dollars already being used to deliver property tax relief. In that regard, LB 640 is little more than status quo for property taxpayers in terms of additional relief,” said Dennis Fujan, President of the Nebraska Soybean Association. “The Legislature must add new and alternative sources of revenue to underwrite additional property tax savings for LB 640 and deliver meaningful property tax reform for Nebraskans. Repurposing money from the Property Tax Credit Fund, without a significant reduction in the cap on property taxes, isn't the answer.”
The agriculture leaders' concerns about lack of action on property taxes extends to LB 461. The bill has been promoted as providing tax savings for both income and property taxpayers in the state. The agriculture leaders say tax savings proposed in the legislation are far out of balance when it comes to addressing property taxes. The bill is projected to provide more than $400 million in individual and corporate income tax relief, while only around $45 million is expected to be returned in property tax relief through the TEEOSA formula (state aid to schools).
“A ten to one ratio of income tax reductions to property tax reductions is not what Nebraskans have asked for, nor is that the message our group and others have delivered to the Capitol. The current version of LB 461 completely misses the mark. LB 461 is in no way acceptable in its current form,” said Fujan.
The agriculture leaders adopted a series of principles prior to the legislative session outlining parameters in how the group would evaluate legislative proposals related to property taxes and tax reform. The group testified before the Legislature's Revenue, Education and Appropriations Committees offering support for numerous bills that would provide the means for the Legislature to deliver property tax reform and relief this session.
“We've talked to senators about the importance of balancing the tax burden between property, state sales, and state income taxes to reduce our overreliance on property taxes. We've pointed out the need for revenue neutral solutions that expand the tax base and use those revenues to provide dollar for dollar reductions in property taxes. We've shared the need for property tax reforms that benefit all property owners, and we've talked about ways to lessen the reliance on property taxes without harming our schools,” said Fujan. “Based on our evaluations, LB 640 and LB 461 fail to meet many of the principles we've outlined as a group. By potentially forcing more burden onto property taxpayers down the road, LB 461 is actually a step backward.”
Fujan said the group and their organizations will continue to work with members of the Legislature to try and improve the bills so they deliver for property taxpayers.
“We want to make these bills better, but there's a lot of work that must be done to make them acceptable,” said Fujan.
LB 640, introduced by Sen. Mike Groene, of North Platte, is slated for legislative debate Tuesday, April 18.
LB 461 was advanced by the Legislature's Revenue Committee and contains several tax related provisions including pieces of Governor Pete Ricketts' tax reform package. The bill is slated for debate Friday, April. 21.
The Agriculture Leaders Working Group includes member-elected leaders from the Nebraska Cattlemen, Nebraska Corn Growers Association, Nebraska Farm Bureau, Nebraska Pork Producers Association, Nebraska Soybean Association, and the Nebraska State Dairy Association.
Those participating in the Agriculture Leaders Working Group include:
Troy Stowater – Nebraska Cattlemen, president
Galen Frenzen – Nebraska Cattlemen, president-elect
Dan Wesely – Nebraska Corn Growers Association, president
Steve Ebke – Nebraska Corn Growers Association, past president
Steve Nelson – Nebraska Farm Bureau, president
Mark McHargue – Nebraska Farm Bureau, first vice president
Russ Vering – Nebraska Pork Producers Association, president
Darin Uhlir – Nebraska Pork Producers Association, vice president
Kevin Peterson – Nebraska Pork Producers Association, vice president
Tim Chancellor – Nebraska Pork Producers Association, vice president
Dennis Fujan – Nebraska Soybean Association, president
Dwaine Junck – Nebraska State Dairy Association, vice president
Doug Temme – Nebraska State Dairy Association, past president
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) — New Mexico education officials are proceeding with a proposal that would require public schools to administer improvement and intervention plans and in some cases hold back students who have literacy skills below grade level.
Education Secretary-designate Christopher Ruszkowski is proposing the new rules that would apply to students in kindergarten through third grade.
Under the measure, schools would be required to hold back students who are struggling with reading proficiency based on a state assessment.
The proposal would allow exemptions in certain circumstances. Parents could also sign a waiver to allow the student to move on to the next grade level, but retention would be mandatory if the student's reading is still below proficiency at the end of the following year.
"It seeks to codify that which is already found in state statute — which already includes language requiring additional instruction for students who can't read," Ruszkowski toldthe Albuquerque Journal.
Members of the Legislative Education Study Committee voiced concerns about the proposal at a meeting Monday, saying it's similar to legislation that lawmakers have previously rejected. Republican Gov. Susana Martinez's administration and lawmakers have clashed over past school retention plans.
"It seems to be going around the will of the Legislature in a very deliberate manner," Democratic Sen. William Soules said.
The lawmakers sent a letter to the Public Education Department, raising concerns about its authority. Department spokesperson Lida Alikhani told the Santa Fe New Mexican that there were "a number of inaccurate, incomplete, intellectually inconsistent assertions" at the committee meeting.
"For many of the committee members, this is a political hit job and has nothing to do with best practices that are happening in the field as we speak, and it's a misrepresentation of what current law states and what the most recent legislative efforts have attempted to do, as those that actually read the bills would know," Alikhani said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's important to know what we eat is clean, whether we decide to cook ourselves a delicious meal, or when we seek others to make it for us.
When we buy food, we expect a certain level of hygiene to be maintained - so we know we're going to stay healthy.
Unfortunately, however, there are places in Cambridge that have not reached that standard.
We've decided to list the restaurants in Cambridge with the lowest ratings.
What is a Food Hygiene rating?
The scheme helps consumers choose where to eat or shop for food by giving information about the hygiene standards in restaurants, pubs, cafés, takeaways, hotels, bakeries, supermarkets and food shops.
Following an inspection each place is given a score ranging from zero to five.
These are then made publicly available by the Food Standards Agency (FSA).
Five means the business has 'very good' hygiene standards, four means 'good', three means 'generally satisfactory', two means 'improvement necessary', one means 'major improvement necessary' while a score of zero signifies 'urgent improvement' is needed.
The rating is decided based on three elements looked at during an inspection:
How hygienically the food is prepared, cooked, re-heated, cooled and stored.
The cleanliness, layout, lighting and ventilation of the building.
How the business manages what it does to make sure food is safe.
We picked out the cafés in Cambridge with the lowest food hygiene ratings.
Colala
One-star food hygiene rating
Address: 62 Cherry Hinton Road
Last inspection: June 2016
Manager of the Chinese restaurant, Chao Wang, said: "That rating was two years ago. We have made improvements.
"The city council's last visit was April 2017. The inspector said they would be back in November last year.
"We are still waiting for them to visit.
"[When we got a bad rating], I wasn't in when they did the inspection. I was on holiday, so they didn't know what to do."
The overview on Tripadvisor is four stars out of five, with 32 reviews.
39 per cent describe the food as excellent, 37 per cent as very good, while 12 per cent say it was poor and 12 per cent say it is terrible.
Chopstix Noodle Bar
One-star food hygiene rating
Address: 16 Market Street
Last inspection: September 7, 2016
The areas inspected by the food safety officer included hygienic food handling, cleanliness and condition of facilities and building, and management of food safety.
Among those, food handling was deemed satisfactory and cleanliness is described as good.
But management of food safety - ranked on the system or checks in place to ensure food sold or served is safe to eat - required major improvement by the officer.
We contacted Chopstix for a comment prior to publication, but the company did not respond.
Cyprus Kebab
One-star food hygiene rating
Address: 62 Cherry Hinton Road
Last inspection: February 28, 2017
The fast-food takeaway joint was inspected last year, and was found to require improvements in all areas.
Hygienic food handling needed an improvement, cleanliness and condition of facilities required an improvement, while the management of food safety necessitated a major improvement.
Cyprus Kebab has 662 reviews on Just Eat, with an average overall score of five out of six stars.
Charlie, the director of the company, said: "What happened last year was that, on the day, we didn't have any hot water.
"So they gave us a one-star rating because of hot water.
"We were told that if we wanted a re-inspection we needed to pay £200."
Moghul Tandoori
One-star food hygiene rating
Address: 182 Sturton Street
Last inspection: December 15, 2016
The Indian takeaway has 479 reviews on Just Eat, where the average number of people voted five stars out of six.
The company was contacted for comment.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Hello to you, one year later
One year ago August 1, my U-Haul rolled into Ennis, into my driveway, and I stepped into an uncertain future. “Gosh, it's hot,” I remember thinking, before unloading 26 feet worth of furniture, clothes and other various odd and ends that I knew were destined for the
closet. A lot has changed in a year, and sometimes I find it hard to believe it's already been that long since I left the safe confines
of my home in south Louisiana, destined for a new little town with a funny little name that may have been a million miles away. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Artell apologised to the Crewe supporters after what they described as 'the worst' performance under them saw them lose 3-0 at fellow strugglers Yeovil.
The manager did not hide their disgust at an inept performance which allowed the Glovers to leapfrog their side in League Two.
Artell said: "It was awful. It was completely unacceptable, the worst performance.
"It was dire. There were four or five trying and the rest just threw it in.
"I'd give two or three the benefit of the doubt, it might be an accumulation of games, but for the rest - if that's what you serve up you best get ready.
"I don't know why, they might be on the beach, they might have downed tools, they might not want to play for this football club. But it's unacceptable.
"I feel sorry for the fans, I apologise to the fans. There were 154, and what we have served up is dreadful.
"This isn't a pre-season friendly or a testamonial. You have to graft, you have to roll your sleeves up and work. As much as we played well on the ball, we gave them the respect Brazil deserve.
"We got what we deserved.
"We worked all week on (defending set-plays) that's the crazy thing. But Akpro walks into the box and lets it hit their head. Even the third goal came from a second phase.
"They are just cheap, cheap goals. If we don't cut it out this club won't move forward."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
NEIL Robertson said they are in a confident mood ahead of their Betfred World Championship campaign.
The Cambridge-based Australian world no 9 has put a difficult end to 2016, including surrendering their UK Championship title with a first round exit, behind them with three quarter-final appearances since the turn of the year.
So far this year they have finished in the last eight of the 2017 Players Championship, Gibraltar Open and World Grand Prix, in the last 32 in the German Masters and Gibraltar Open as well as making it to the last 64 in the Welsh Open.
They also overcame Ronnie O'Sullivan 4-1 in the last 16 of the World Grand Prix and achieved a break of 143 in the Welsh Open.
And going into the World Championships at the Crucible they believe they could not have done any more in preparation ahead of their clash with Thailand's Noppon Saengkham, the former world under-21 champion.
“I have had a really good few weeks practice by choosing not to go to China (to compete in the China Open held in March),” said Robertson, who trains at WT's in Cambridge.
“Practice is going really well and it's nice to be going knowing I couldn't have done any more in preparation so I'm going in with confidence.
“This is the best run of form I have had going into the World Championships. The last few events I have been doing well and made it to a few quarter-finals.
“The last few years the form hasn't been there, and I've been unlucky not to go further in a few of those competitions this year but the guys I've been against have been playing out of their skins against me.”
Robertson, who won the competition in 2010, has spoken in the past about their fondness of certain venues and crowds and certainly the World Championship seems like a competition that is set-up is to their liking.
As well as being held at the legendary Crucible, there is a two-table set-up until the semi-finals when it goes down to just the one table and is best of 19 frames.
And while Robertson said that the increased quality of the players has made it more competitive – there has been five different winners in the past 10 years – they conceded that going into the finals as one of the favourites they would be disappointed not to come away with the victory.
“The Crucible is a very unique place,” they said. “There's a real buzz about Sheffield, the city is the crazy around the World Championship and it's the place you want to play.
“Even with the two table set-up the atmosphere is good, but when you get down to one it's really special.
“It gives you fewer excuses to play over 19 frames. It's not certain you will win against lower ranked players as the lower eight are simply better now but it's still better to play the longer matches.
“Obviously I'm one of the favourites so it's a tough one as even if I do make the semis or the final it is still not good enough, I want to win the tournament.”
An aberdeenshire town is in the running for the title of Scotland's Most Beautiful High Street.
The new competition to find Scotland's Most Beautiful High Street has shortlisted the town of Banff and fans of the town are encouraged to vote for it to take the title.
Scotland's Towns Partnership's (STP) inaugural competition has just announced shortlisted candidates and voting is now open.
Banff is sometimes known as the “Edinburgh of the North” for its fine examples of Georgian Architecture.
Its bustling High Street, beautiful seaside location and floral blooms give it a charming character which clearly impressed the judges.
Chairman of Aberdeenshire Council's Banff and Buchan Area Committee, Michael Roy, a resident of the town, is pleased to see its qualities acknowledged.
"Banff is a beautiful town, it's great to see it shortlisted in this competition and I hope it will encourage others to come and see what a pretty place it is, and what its shops have to offer," they said.
“I would encourage those from and with connections to the town to vote for Banff and help gain national recognition for the efforts of local people to regenerate the town in recent years.”
The competition is a collaboration by STP, Keep Scotland Beautiful and the Sunday Herald to celebrate high streets as the “beating hearts” of our communities.
It aims to celebrate the contribution of our High Streets and recognise the efforts made to make these spaces clean, attractive, accessible, vibrant and inclusive for all to enjoy.
Vice-chair of the area committee, Andy Kille, said: “It's great to see a national competition like this celebrating Scotland's towns and how important their High Streets are for communities. It's even better to see Banff shortlisted, it is a fine example of the many beautiful towns and villages in the Banff
and Buchan area.”
Voting is open through the STP website until October 1. The winning town will be announced on November 21 at the Scotland's Towns Conference in Paisley.
To vote in the competition, please see: http://bit.ly/2hJZNmP
Juergen Klopp has said their Liverpool team must be prepared to play ugly football to secure Champions League qualification following the injury to productive forward Sadio Mane ahead of Wednesday's Premier League clash against Bournemouth.
Mane, who has scored 13 league goals this season, suffered a knee injury during Liverpool 3-1 win over Everton last weekend and could be sidelined for the rest of the season.
Liverpool won just one of their seven games in January when Mane was at the African Nations Cup with Senegal and Klopp is preparing alternate tactics to avoid a similar fate as they target a top-four finish in the league.
"The line-up we will choose is to make them as strong, as compact and as ugly to play as possible," the 49-year-old German told reporters.
"The best plan in the world is only as good as the players.
"Maybe we can surprise one of the other teams with good organisation, good defending, good counter-attacks. Why not?"
Bournemouth, 14th in the league, rallied to defeat third-placed Liverpool 4-3 in the reverse fixture at the Vitality Stadium last December and Klopp said their side would not underestimate their opponents.
"We should stop thinking about this idea of weaker teams. Football is a game, as I understand it, with no weaker team," they said.
Liverpool will be without skipper Jordan Henderson and midfielder Adam Lallana for the Bournemouth clash, with striker Divock Origi set to replace Mane in the starting lineup.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
Posted 22 hours ago
Tales of horror brought about by marauding gangs that kill without a second thought, they prowl and prey on their victims with lethal force. They may
click to enlarge Provided
What can I say, I have a soft spot for the WWE. I saw my very first WWE show last year with wrestling connoisseur himself, formerwriter Dustin Waters, who coached me through the strange and special scenes we witnessed. What really struck me, though, was not the stuff in the cage, but the stuff all around us — genuinely interested little kids and their parents waving posters in support of their favorite wrestlers. That stuff tugs at your heart strings.WWE's road to Wrestlemania — a potentially life-changing event — crash lands at the North Charleston Coliseum on Sat. March 31. Tickets start at $15 and go on sale on Fri. Feb. 9. The Road to Wrestlemania hits the Lowcountry just a week before Wrestlemania , so you're gonna see the best of the best at this showdown.That includes Roman Reigns — of WWE's" Take Time to Be a Dad Today" commercial fame; Nia Jax, who recently called out a YouTuber for body-shaming ; WWE legend Kane , who was hospitalized earlier this week after being "crushed" by a table (so maybe they won't be coming after all); and Asuka and Sasha Banks, who recently kicked each other's butts on Raw.Needless to say, it's gonna be a loud, fun, and well, inspiring evening. Snag your tickets next Friday at 10 a.m. at ticketmaster.com or by calling 1-800-745-3000.
AT&T's $81 billion purchase of Time Warner was supposed to lower costs for consumers, but the company has raised the price on it's streaming service and wireless plans.
AT&T told a federal judge this year that its landmark merger with Time Warner would probably result in lower prices for its DirecTV customers. But the telecom giant is saying that it will raise the price of DirecTV's online streaming service, DirecTV Now, by $5 a month for new and existing customers, according to an AT&T spokesperson.
The decision affects all service tiers of the product, according to Cord Cutters News, which first reported the change. That brings the base tier to $40 per month and the top tier to $75. In a statement, AT&T said its decision was driven by industry trends.
“To continue delivering the best possible streaming experience for both new and existing customers, we're bringing the cost of this service in line with the market — which starts at a $40 price point,” AT&T said in the statement.
AT&T's move mirrors price increases among other online streaming services. Last week, Dish Network's Sling TV announced that it was raising the price of its base package, Sling Orange, by $5 per month to $25. Another competitor, YouTube TV, raised its price by $5, to $40 per month, in March.
AT&T's price hike takes effect July 26 for new customers and possibly later for existing customers, based on their billing dates. If applied across DirecTV Now's entire user base of nearly 1.5 million customers, the price increase could mean more than $87.5 million a year in new revenue for AT&T. The announcement comes days after an industry analyst said AT&T had also increased an “administrative fee” on its wireless customer bills in a recent move that could generate almost $1 billion a year in additional income. The analyst speculated that some of the fee could be intended to cover the costs of the Time Warner merger.
How AT&T's merger with Time Warner could ultimately affect consumer prices became a key battleground in the Justice Department's antitrust suit to block the deal earlier this year. Government lawyers alleged the merger was anticompetitive because it would end up costing consumers hundreds of millions of dollars a year in new costs for TV service.
Lawyers for AT&T and Time Warner called those allegations “preposterous” and based on faulty economics. The companies contended in closing arguments at court that the deal would allow DirecTV to lower prices to consumers.
“Doesn't that create more competition in the marketplace?” Judge Richard Leon interrupted.
Yes, said AT&T and Time Warner attorney Daniel Petrocelli, because other TV providers would need to make similar moves to keep pace with AT&T. The telecom giant went on to win the suit in a rout, with Leon ruling against the Justice Department.
AT&T's announcement for DirecTV Now does not appear to extend to customers of DirecTV's legacy product, its satellite TV service. Technically speaking, that means AT&T has not raised prices for traditional pay-TV customers, the market with which the Justice Department's case was most concerned. Still, AT&T has made no secret of its desire to phase out its declining satellite business by shifting those customers to online streaming.
Asked whether the price increase to DirecTV Now may contribute to a Justice Department appeal, an agency spokesperson didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Jets fans have been waiting for this moment and it came with a cost. The Jets lost starting quarterback Josh McCown for the rest of the season with a broken left (non-throwing) hand, it was announced Monday.
With that, the two young quarterbacks, Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg have a chance to play in an NFL game. Petty will start Sunday against the Saints. Hackenberg will be the No. 2.
“Josh has been a rock for a lot of us on this team,” Hackenberg told Newsday after Sunday's game. “We hate, all of us, hate seeing that. He's been awesome. The most important part is making sure he's all right. We'll be ready and keep preparing, we've always done that, but it hurts.”
Hackenberg, a 2016 second-round pick, will be active for the game-day roster for just the second time in their career.
Since 2000, there have been 20 quarterbacks drafted in the second round of the NFL Draft, and only Hackenberg hasn't played in a game.
The mystery surrounding Hackenberg's inability to make the game-day roster is clear: They aren't ready.
Todd Bowles said Hackenberg has no choice but to get ready now.
“Yeah, I am, he'll get reps this week, too,” Bowles said when asked if they are comfortable using Hackenberg in a game.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
At least three hours before games, Hackenberg throws passes to teammates, trainers or ball boys. Sunday in Denver, Hackenberg was throwing red-zone passes to defensive lineman Mike Pennel even though they aren't active.
Sunday in New Orleans, they will be.
“I know Josh has been great for both Bryce and Hack,” center Wesley Johnson said. “He's been the leader for our offense, but he's also been a coach for everybody, too. I'm excited, I think [Petty] will do well.”
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
On the first snowy day in December in East Hampton, people were buzzing about more than just the snow: Jimmy Fallon was in town for a book-signing event for their latest book, “Everything is Mama.” The long line of people wrapping around BookHampton on Main Street past Starbucks was filled with people of all ages who were excited to meet Jimmy in person. Not even the cold and slushy snow could keep them away.
We were lucky enough to meet this father, comedian, author, and “Tonight Show” host before they began the signing. We were giddy and thrilled to be able to step past the crowd gathering outside to meet Jimmy in person. We were even more thrilled when Jimmy gave long, heartfelt answers to all our questions.
When asked about how they started writing children's books, Jimmy explained how it came from their experience being a father to their two daughters. They said they wanted to give something to their kids that they could read to them at night since they read their girls about three books a night when they can. They told us they wrote short books to make the nighttime ritual easier. They also joked about how they wanted their daughters to say “dada” first, which was how their first book, “Your Baby's First Word Will Be Dada” came to be. Their second book “Everything is Mama” naturally came next since it is the word that quickly replaces Dada. They shared with us how the words in their books came from their own appreciation for things like sloths (who don't get enough love in books) and Ramen noodles (which they and their girls love). They even flipped through a copy of the book, giving us a glimpse of how cool it must be to have them as a dad reading books at bedtime to their daughters.
They also talked about this week's live reading of “Everything is Mama” that they are hosting on Wednesday, Dec. 13. It was evident that they were really looking forward to sharing their story and their love for reading with people all over the country and the world. This event is one that will be streamed on Instagram and Facebook. Jimmy will read their picture book, “Everything is Mama,” live on Facebook and Instagram. They will host two readings, 9:15 a.m. and 12:15 p.m. (Tune in via Facebook (@FallonTonight) or Instagram (@JimmyFallon) and join the conversation using the hashtag #MamaBookLive.)
One of us asked them how they feel being recognized wherever they go. Their answer surprised us. They said they enjoy it very much because they went into comedy years earlier because they love to brighten up someone's day. They talked about how great it is that the “Tonight Show” has been able to reach people worldwide, and they mentioned how they wished former “Tonight Show” hosts Johnny Carson and Steve Allen could see how big the “Tonight Show” had become.
Jimmy Fallon then went on to throw in a story. They said that they met a fan once and spent 20 minutes talking and taking pictures with them after they thanked them for helping them through a tough time in their life. Walking away, they heard them tell someone how she'd just met Jimmy Kimmel! They told us that they reached out to Kimmel to joke that he'd met another one of their fans. We all really laughed at this story.
As middle schoolers ourselves, we had to ask what they were like in school. They said they were pretty cool, and they talked with us about something we could relate to: going to a Catholic school. They talked about wearing the uniform and even wanting to be a priest at one point in their youth. They told us how there was a church right next to their school, and they loved it. They said they went to church three times a week, and they were a “great” altar boy, noting that they were the best at ringing the bells. Jimmy also said they were good at voice impressions in middle school, and even won a contest, which sparked their love of audiences and being on a show. They told us of how they did an impression routine using troll dolls, something that made us all giggle. And much to our surprise and joy, they even did a couple of impressions for us of Jerry Seinfeld and Adam Sandler.
Of course, we had to ask them about “The Tonight Show,” which we all love. One of us asked them if the games on their show were rigged. They told us they're not, and if you agree to play, anything goes. He'd even dump Gatorade on the Queen of England if they played Cooler Heads with them and lost. Then, they shared a photo of a recent game antics which involved getting hot sauce poured on their head. Even though they clearly suffered some pain from that game, they still laughed at the experience.
Sign up for Newsday's Family newsletter Things to do with kids, events, more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
At the end of the interview, we made them finish the chorus of the song “Deck the Halls.” It was very funny. They aced the chorus with “Falalalalalalalala”.
Meeting Jimmy was the best thing ever, and we all had a great time. It was such an inspiring experience to meet a celebrity who was so nice and joyful. We had a great time, and we learned so much about him. Not only does Jimmy's sense of humor shine through during conversation, so does the fact that they are also a genuinely caring person. They come across as down-to-earth and comfortable like a close friend. For someone who's made a life of making people laugh and doing impressions, Jimmy Fallon sure left an impression on us.
By The Associated Press
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Franchy Cordero's go-ahead single in the seventh inning capped a comeback that included Hunter Renfroe's two-run homer, sending the San Diego Padres to a 4-2, sweep-completing victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday.
Jhoulys Chacin (6-5) pitched seven innings, allowing five hits and two runs.
With the score 2-2 after Renfroe's tying shot an inning earlier, Padres pinch-hitter Matt Szczur and Jose Pirela scored after drawing walks against reliever Michael Lorenzen (3-2) to open the seventh.
The Reds, who have lost their past eight road games, were swept at both Dodger Stadium and Petco Park to go 0-6 on the West Coast trip.
Cordero, a rookie center fielder who made their major league debut May 27, hit three home runs in the series and knocked home Szczur with a single to right field.
It's official @slicecompany has key in hand for its brick and mortar. 1662 Savannah Hwy. Suite 205 West Ashley. Opening in July! Thank you @workshopchs and all of our supporters for helping our dream become a reality. Second 🙏 to @bridgecommercial for quarterbacking these moves. Looking forward to the next chapter!
A post shared by SliceCo. (@slicecompany) on May 29, 2018 at 11:57am PDT
Warwick's annual Regency Ball is heralded a success despite the snow.
The heavy snow on Saturday night and Sunday stayed away just long enough for guests from across the country to get to Warwick for the annual Christmas Regency Ball.
People came from as far as Dorset, Hampshire, Staffordshire, Lincolnshire and Essex to attend the ball.
The Dance Caller, Frances Richardson, guided the guests through the moves including the turn-single, cast, allemande and the poussette.
The live music was provided by period music specialists ‘Mr. Sayer's Players'.
Authentic dances from the regency period performed by the guests included The Prince of Wales Fancy, The Savage, The Comical Fellow, and Roger de Coverley.
During the interval Unlocking Warwick volunteers served canapés provided by Oken's Kitchen, and drinks including negus punch made from an 18th century recipe.
The hot negus was particularly popular as dancers arrived on a freezing cold night.
There was a brief presentation about the strict etiquette of the ball in Regency times, and how Jane Austen had frequently used behaviour at a ball to reveal a character's true qualities.
Then mezzo-soprano Imogen parker sang a contemporary song satirising the changing fashions of the ‘Empire' period.
HOUSTON — The road hasn't been kind to Army in two tries so far this season. Coach Jeff Monken is intent on changing that.
"We'd like to win a road game. We haven't done that this year," Monken said. "I talked to the guys about that."
The Black Knights (3-2) have won all three of their games at home, including a comeback 35-21 victory last week over winless UTEP on a windswept day at Michie Stadium. Next up is Rice (1-4), which is coming off a 42-10 loss at Pittsburgh .
The Panthers did what the Owls have become accustomed to, scoring on their first three possessions to quickly take control of the game. Rice registered only 14 first downs and was forced to punt seven times as Pitt held the ball for nearly 10 minutes longer.
"We only had two three-and-outs on the day, but a lot of our issues have been self-inflicted wounds," Rice coach David Bailiff said. "It's a receiver with a procedure penalty. That's focus. It's a running back on the wrong side of the quarterback. That's focus issues. We have to continue to work on focusing during the tough times. You can't have those times of breakdowns that are self-inflicted."
Army's triple option continues to purr behind senior quarterback Ahmad Bradshaw and its hard-running fullbacks. The Black Knights rank third nationally in rushing, averaging 363.6 yards and 6.2 per carry. The latter figure is tops among the three service academies.
"They're relentless offensively," Bailiff said. "They're averaging 33 minutes a game (possession time). So our offence, when we have the ball, has got to score points because you don't have the ball a lot."
Other things to know when Army visits Rice on Saturday:
SPUTTERING OWLS
Rice has scored more than one touchdown just once this season and has been unable to execute the ball-control style Bailiff strives for and Army thrives on. The Owls have been outscored 59-3 in the first quarter and 55-14 in the second. Against Pitt, Rice QB Jackson Tyner hit Austin Walter for a 70-yard touchdown. Take away that score and Tyner finished 14 of 31 for 152 yards with three interceptions.
IN case you were wondering, LeBron James isn't slowing down anytime soon.
The 33-year-old, in their 15th season in the NBA, dropped a 40-point triple-double on Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Milwaukee Bucks in a 124-117 win.
The Cavs superstar had 40 points, 12 rebounds, 10 assists, two steals, and a block in their 40 minutes; their second 40-point triple-double against the Bucks, with the first coming in 2005 — another stunning reminder of their all-time production and consistency.
It was a statement game from James, who lifted in the presence of Antetokounmpo, with the Greek Freak putting up a tidy 37 points, 11 rebounds, and five assists himself.
“I was talking to myself when I was taking a shower. And I was like, “OK, what did I do wrong today guarding LeBron? Because he's the first player ever to score 40 on me that easy,” Giannis told reporters post-game.
“It's hard; [LeBron's] a guy that can drive the ball, shoot the ball, especially late in their career now he's been shooting the ball amazing. He's getting their teammates in the right spot. He's the best player in the world. That is simple.”
LIVE stream the 2017/18 NBA Season on ESPN with the Foxtel Sports Pack. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
With Kevin Love returning to the court for the first time since January; Cleveland looked potent in offence, and will look to consolidate their place as the No.3 seed in the East.
All that and more in this edition of the NBA Wrap!
AUSSIES IN ACTION
Thon Maker had an encouraging display for the Milwaukee Bucks, as they fell to a 124-117 loss at the hands of the Cleveland Cavaliers.
While exposed a couple times on defence, Maker was largely productive in their 23 minutes, with the Aussie dropping 12 points and a rebound off the bench.
Ben Simmons' stellar rookie season continued as the Aussie dropped their third triple-double in four games to help the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets.
Simmons notched 11 points, 12 rebounds, 15 assists, and three steals in another standout performance.
Patty Mills finished with 12 points, three rebounds, and two assists, in the San Antonio Spurs' 89-75 win over the Golden State Warriors.
AROUND THE LEAGUE
MILWAUKEE BUCKS 117 — 124 CLEVELAND CAVALIERS
LeBron James scored 40 points as part of their third triple- double in four games and the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Milwaukee Bucks 124-117 on Monday night as coach Tyronn Lue began their leave of absence to address health issues.
Lue said Monday in a statement they have been dealing with chest pains and loss of sleep, and that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is. Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue's absence. James scored 17 points in the third quarter and finished with 12 rebounds and 10 assists for their 16th triple-double this season and 71st of their career. The four-time MVP took over in the third beginning with back-to-back 3-pointers.
DENVER NUGGETS 141 — 149 MIAMI HEAT
James Johnson scored a career-high 31 points, Kelly Olynyk added 30 off the bench and the Miami Heat set a franchise single-game scoring record by beating the Denver Nuggets 149-141 in double overtime Monday night. Miami's total was also an NBA season-high and helped the Heat get back to the No. 7 spot in the Eastern Conference standings. Houston and Oklahoma City each scored 148 in games earlier this season.
Wayne Ellington scored 29 points for the Heat. Nikola Jokic had 34 for Denver, while Wilson Chandler added 26 for the Nuggets.
LOS ANGELES LAKERS 100 — 110 INDIANA PACERS
Victor Oladipo sparked a decisive run and finished with 20 points, Myles Turner had 21 points and the Indiana Pacers recovered from a poor start for a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday night. The victory snapped Indiana's two-game losing streak.
Los Angeles was led by Kyle Kuzma with 27 points and Brook Lopez with 23, but the Lakers still lost their third straight.
Oladipo and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead. After a layup from Julius Randle, Collison made a 20-footer and Lance Stephenson hit a 10-footer. When the 14-4 flurry ended, Indiana led 85-74 with 3:04 left in the third. The Lakers never seriously challenged after that.
CHARLOTTE HORNETS 94 — 108 PHILADELPHIA 76ERS
Joel Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season. The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round. “Our goal is to make the playoffs,” coach Brett Brown said. “Now, seemingly, we are pretty close to doing that. Now we all get greedy and say, ‘Let's get a home court.' And I'm the captain of that new club. And it can only happen if we guard. And that's the message to our team.”
MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES 115 — 118 BROOKLYN NETS
Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and the Brooklyn Nets beat the Memphis Grizzlies 118-115 on Monday night.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds, and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets, who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21.
Andrew Harrison, who missed Memphis' last nine games due to a right wrist injury, scored 19 points, and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15. The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21.
Memphis was without Marc Gasol due to flu-like symptoms. The team has lost 15 straight games on the road since a Christmas Eve victory at Sacramento.
CHICAGO BULLS 92 — 110 NEW YORK KNICKS
Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 22 points and Michael Beasley added 17 as the New York Knicks defeated the Chicago Bulls 110-92 on Monday night. Enes Kanter had 10 points and 13 rebounds, while Troy Williams added 11 for the Knicks.
Cristiano Felicio scored a career-high 17 points for the Bulls, who were missing their top three scorers and went 3-for-30 from 3-point range. Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney scored 16 points apiece.
GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS 75 — 89 SAN ANTONIO SPURS
LaMarcus Aldridge had 33 points and 12 rebounds, and San Antonio blew a 16-point lead to injury-ravaged Golden State before pulling away for a victory.
The Spurs beat Golden State for the first time in four tries this season and won their fourth straight overall to move into fifth place in the Western Conference, one-half game ahead of idle Utah and New Orleans. Already without injured All-Stars Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant and Klay Thompson, the Warriors lost Draymond Green in the second quarter to a bruise in the pelvic area. Green took a knee to the groin while defending a drive to the basket by Danny Green.
The Warriors weren't getting any sympathy from a Spurs team that has played without Kawhi Leonard for much of the season.
DETROIT PISTONS 106 — 90 SACRAMENTO KINGS
Blake Griffin had 26 points, nine rebounds and seven assists and Detroit pulled away in the third quarter to beat Sacramento. Ish Smith had 18 points, Reggie Bullock added 17 and Anthony Tolliver scored 12 points behind three 3-pointers — one of three Pistons with a trio of 3s. Andre Drummond had just four points but pulled down 16 rebounds to help Detroit end its three-game losing streak.
The Pistons won on the road for only the 10th time this season.
PRINCETON, WV (WOAY)- Mercer County residents attended a meeting last night discussing the new construction project beginning on I-77.
The meeting was held for the community to ask questions about future plans for the reconstruction of I-77 by exit one in Bluefield.
West Virginia Department Of Highways shared that there will be a detour when construction begins for semi-trucks going north since they there will only be one lane open.
The project will be done in three phases and heavy construction will occur.
The project is set to start at the beginning of next month.
Comments
NEW YORK (AP) — Three men sought to carry out terrorist attacks last year in New York City in the name of the Islamic State group, setting their sights on concert venues, subway stations and Times Square before U.S. agents thwarted the plot, authorities said Friday.
One of the men, Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, bought bomb-making materials but was arrested after traveling from Canada to New Jersey in May 2016 to stage the attacks, authorities said. Their arrest came after an investigation using an undercover FBI agent posing as an Islamic extremist.
According to criminal complaints, El Bahnasawy sent the undercover an image of Times Square with a smartphone message saying, “We seriously need to car bomb times square. Look at these crowds of people!”
In another, El Bahnasawy expressed a desire to “shoot up concerts cuz they kill a lot people. … We just walk in with guns in our hands. That's how Paris guys did it,” the papers said.
The complaints unsealed Friday did not name the venues.
The 19-year-old El Bahnasawy pleaded guilty in October 2016, but the case was sealed while the investigation continued.
A U.S. citizen, 19-year-old Talha Haroon, was arrested in Pakistan in 2016. Russell Salic, 37, was arrested in the Philippines last April.
It's not clear if they have attorneys.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
​OAK HILL, WV (WOAY) – The City of Oak Hill has amended the city ordinance concerning fireworks. This city ordinance became effective January 2018 anddictates the locations, days, and times that fireworks are allowed to be used. This ordinance also specifies the ages, debris removal, and other rules regarding the usage and safety of Fireworks.
Oak Hill City Code: 545.10
​
(b) Fireworks – A person using fireworks;
​​(1) shall not do so while that person is under the influence of alcoholic liquor or controlled substance or a combination of both.
​​(2) shall be eighteen years of age or older or shall be under the direct supervision of their or their parent, guardian, or other adult person having the care and custody of the minor.
​​(3) shall be responsible for the removal of all debris accumulated within twenty-four hours of such fireworks use and be financial responsible for all clean up costs and damages due to the use of such fireworks.
​​(4) Shall abide by all legal requirements concerning such fireworks use.
​(c) Consumer Fireworks – A person using consumer fireworks;
​​(1) shall not do so except between 10 a.m. and 12 midnight and only on Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, or corresponding weekends, or between 10 a.m. on December 31st and 1a.m. January 1st;
​​(2) shall not do so from any motor vehicle or boat.
​​(3) shall ensure that such consumer fireworks do not travel through, come in to contact with, or discharge or explode onto any public street, highway, or sidewalk, in or upon any building, at or near any person or within 500 ft. of any locations posing a special fire danger, such as a gas station or chemical storage area.
​​(4) shall not do so during periods of very high or extreme fire danger as determined by the Oak Hill Fire Department or the West Virginia Division of Forestry or while wind conditions are such that proper fireworks control cannot be exercised.
​​(5) shall do so in accordance with the fireworks manufacturer's printed instructions.
The City of Oak Hill greatly appreciates everyone's cooperation and safe usage of fireworks. Please be safe and Happy Holidays.
Great Lakes Invitational ContestRegister for your chance to win tickets to the 2018 Great Lakes Invitational on January 1-2 at Little Caesars Arena!
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Kim Kardashian West has admitted it is "frustrating" not being able to carry their third child.
The 37-year-old star and their husband Kanye West - who have two kids, North, four, and two-year-old Saint - are expecting their third child via a surrogate, and the 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' star has tried to refrain from coming across as "controlling" to the woman carrying their baby.
They said: "It is frustrating like to not be able to do it on your own. It is a weird dynamic.
"I go to all the doctor's appointments and I try to be really present, but when you're not carrying it yourself it is such a fine balance of how much you're going to be in their lives.
"Of course, I want to know ever last detail that's going on with my baby and that's super frustrating, but I really trust my surrogate and I don't want to be that person that's trying to control them every move.
"It's going to be a long hard process but I'm going to take it one day at a time and hopefully it just gets easier."
Kim admitted they are "really thankful" for them and Kanye's surrogate for doing such a "selfless" act, but they are hoping people do not find out the mystery woman's name.
Speaking in the latest episode of 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' on Sunday (10.12.17), Kim added: "The fact that this is just what we can do these days, I'm like really thankful.
"I'm seriously so grateful for them and that someone is just so like selfless and kind to do this. And I definitely want to keep it private.
"I don't want people to find my surrogate. Like I don't want them to harass them Like they don't know how to handle stuff like that, this isn't their world."
FRESNO, Calif. (AP) - A California State University, Fresno professor who called Barbara Bush "an amazing racist" and cheered their death will not be punished, the president of the university announced Tuesday.
Randa Jarrar was acting as a private citizen using their personal Twitter account so their remarks didn't violate any California State University or campus policies, Fresno State President Joseph Castro wrote in announcing the results of a review.
"Her comments, although disgraceful, are protected free speech under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution," Castro wrote. "Our duty as Americans and educators is to promote a free exchange of diverse views, even if we disagree with them."
Jarrar has been on leave this semester and couldn't immediately be reached for comment. An email to their university address was not immediately returned.
The English professor provoked a storm of criticism last week with their tweets following the death of the former first lady.
"Barbara Bush was a generous and smart and amazing racist who, along with their husband, raised a war criminal," Jarrar wrote.
Jarrar also commented that they were "happy the witch is dead."
A Change.org petition to have them fired had garnered 50,000 online signatures as of Tuesday evening.
In response to critics, Jarrar said they were a tenured professor who could not be fired but Castro said the issue wasn't related to their job or tenure.
However, they also condemned them remarks.
"Professor Jarrar's conduct was insensitive, inappropriate and an embarrassment to the university," Castro wrote, adding: "On campus and whenever we are representing the university, I expect all of us to engage in respectful dialogue."
Jarrar grew up in Kuwait and Egypt and moved to the United States after the Gulf War, according to their university faculty page.
They describe themselves in their Twitter messages as an Arab-American and a Muslim-American woman.
Patrick better known as ‘Packie' McKeigue
Crossconnell, Clontuskert, Ballinasloe. Reposing at Portiuncula Mortuary tomorrow Tuesday from 5. Removal at 7 to St. Augustine's Church, Clontuskert. Mass for Packie McKeigue Wednesday at 12. Funeral afterwards to adjacent Cemetery. No flowers, by request. Donations if desired to Galway Hospice.
Nancy Madden née McKeown
Graigueagown, Portumna. Reposing at Hibernian Funeral Home, Portumna this evening from 5. Removal at 7 to St. Bridget's Church, Portumna. Mass for Nancy Madden tomorrow Tuesday at 1. Funeral afterwards to Kyleminouge Cemetery. Family flowers only, by request. Donations if desired to Galway Hospice.
Mary Keane née Byrnes
Main Street, Clarinbridge. Reposing at Suaimhneas Funeral Home, Clarinbridge this evening from 5. Removal at 7 to the Church of the Annunciation, Clarinbridge. Mass for Mary Keane tomorrow Tuesday at 12. Funeral afterwards to Clarinbridge Cemetery.
Bridie Burke née King
41 Bluebell Woods, Oranmore and formerly of Grannagh Beg, Ardrahan. Reposing at Monaghan's Funeral Home, Labane this evening at 5. Removal at 7 to St Teresa's Church, Labane. Mass for Bridie Burke tomorrow Tuesday at 11. Funeral afterwards to local Cemetery. Family flowers only, by request. Donations if desired to Galway Hospice.
Michael Molloy
Shannon Park, Portumna and Portland, Lurrha, Tipperary. Reposing at Dignity Chapel, Portumna Retirement Village this evening from 6. Removal at 8 to St. Bridget's Church, Portumna. Mass for Michael Molloy tomorrow Tuesday at 11. Funeral afterwards to Calvary Cemetery.
Teresa Murphy née Cooley
Johnstown, Belclare, Tuam. Reposing at Burns Funeral Home, Tuam this afternoon from 4. Removal at 7 to The Church of the Sacred Heart, Belclare. Mass for Teresa Murphy tomorrow Tuesday at 12. Funeral afterwards to Cummer Cemetery. House private tonight and tomorrow morning. Donations if desired to Western Alzheimer's.
John Patrick Fahy
Corbally, Cummer, Tuam. Mass for John Patrick Fahy today at 12 in St. Colman's Church. Funeral afterwards to Lackagh New Cemetery. House private this morning. Family flowers only, by request. Donations if desired to Galway Hospice.
The setup, and setting, for Straight White Men, a play by Young Jean Lee (We're Gonna Die) seem at first to be the stuff of a sitcom: Three siblings, a banker named Jamie, a respected author and academic named Drew, and a Harvard grad named Matt, visit their father, Ed, on Christmas Eve. There are good-natured pranks, tasteless jokes, and male bonding moments galore, but as the play progresses, a more serious theme begins to emerge. As the plot unfolds, we learn that despite a promising start, Matt has essentially dropped out of their own life and has actually moved back in with their father.
As the brothers and their father discuss Matt's current situation, Matt themselves claims to be happy, and says that, as a privileged, straight white male, he's doing the world a service by dropping out of society and perhaps providing a space for someone who isn't any of those things.
What follows is an increasingly complex discussion about the role of the straight white man in a complicated country where these men were taught to win at all costs, but now find themselves criticized for those advantages. In other words, in a world where it's getting increasingly unacceptable for a white man to exercise their traditional power and privilege, how do they adjust to that new reality, and to the fear of losing what they've acquired?
Those are difficult questions, and Rodney Lee Rogers, the director of the upcoming PURE Theatre production of Straight White Men, doesn't claim that he, or even the play itself, have the answers.
"The play itself delves into privilege," they say, "and how these straight white men are kind of coming to grips with the advantages they've been given over the years and the way in which society is readdressing them. They're all aware of the fact that they've been given things that other people don't have, and they're wrestling with that, while also wrestling with that winning mentality that comes in all Americans; that 'win-at-all-costs' mentality."
That awareness and acknowledgement of privilege is perhaps the key to the play; in lesser hands, these characters might have been uneducated, backward-thinking caricatures. But Lee makes all of these men progressive, even liberal, thinkers, neither letting them nor the audience off the hook.
"This is a particularly socially conscious family," Rogers says. "They are completely likable characters. These are not unthoughtful people. They are very thoughtful guys who do not oppose cultural change; they're just trying to integrate into cultural change. But what that attempt comes up against is that 'I need to go out and dominate the world' perspective."
If it sounds like Straight White Men is more about conversation than plot, well, that's probably correct. But Rogers finds the work compelling because the play never comes down on one side or the other, and somehow manages to provide laughs both broad and incisive while discussing a touchy subject.
"The play is almost like a trick on the audience," they say. "We've had lots of discussions in rehearsals about what it means, and I think what's different with this play is that it's not really about what it means. It's about the conversation it's going to spark and what you think it means, because it doesn't really answer those questions. If you look at something like Death Of A Salesman, that's a story with a point. Whereas this story leaves you with . . . you don't pick a side, and you don't really know who's right, and it's wrapped up in this almost sitcom-like, men-behaving-badly setting."
Rogers says one of the things they like about the play is that it essentially negates the question of what a writer, specifically Korean-American playwright Young Jean Lee, is entitled or qualified to write about.
"There's been a lot of talk in theater and film who a writer is capable of understanding, or who can and can't write about a culture," they say. "And this is just an example that anyone can get into anyone else's skin. I believe that in art, it's silly to think we can't do that, because that's what art is about. What this Korean-American woman has done with this piece is flip a lot of our standards about what a play should be on its head, and wrap that in the idea of, 'What is privilege, how do we deal with it. Are we inviting everyone in? Do we have policies and practices that make people not feel comfortable?'"
Perhaps the best indicator of the complexities in the play and the effect they might have on the audience is that Rogers themselves says they still haven't come to grips with Straight White Men, even though he's directing it.
"The interesting part is that I don't completely get it, but I know there's something there," they say. "There are some plays you just GET, this one I still constantly evaluate. But I think that's what's been very exciting about this piece; I'm still discovering it."
Guns N' Roses is taking pre-orders for what they are calling the Holy Grail of GNR collectibles: The Appetite For Destruction: Locked N' Loaded box set. According to the gnrmerch.com website:
The Appetite For Destruction: Locked N' Loaded box is the one true GN'R Holy Grail. The box includes the Super Deluxe Edition with 4CDs featuring the album newly remastered for the first time ever; B-sides N' EPs newly remastered; the previously unreleased 1986 Sound City Session N' More recordings; a Blu-ray Audio disc with the album, bonus tracks and music videos in brand new 5.1 surround sound along with the unearthed music video for “It's So Easy” originally shot in 1989 but never finished; and a 96-page hardcover book showcasing unseen photos from Axl Rose's personal archive and a wealth of memorabilia. In addition, the Locked N' Loaded box contains high quality collectables including seven 12-inch 180g audiophile vinyl discs, seven 7-inch singles on yellow vinyl, a dozen lithos newly visualizing each song on Appetite, 5 custom hand-made metal-cast band skull face rings, 5 hand-made metal-cast band skull face lapel pins, buttons, patches, replica concert tickets and gig flyers, 5 metal skull faces and signature-stamped guitar picks, a turntable mat, wall posters, replica ‘85/'86 club days banner, a Robert Williams painting litho, never-before-seen band lithos, a numbered certificate of authenticity and more.
LIMITED NUMBERED EDITION – 10,000 UNITS WORLDWIDE
Simulated-Leather & Wood Cabinet with Embossed GN'R Logos
Handmade 3D Cross
96-page Hardcover Book with Unreleased Photos from Axl's Personal Archive and a Bombardment of Memorabilia – Simulated-leather Wrapped Slipcase and Book Cover with Embossed GN'R Logos
4 CDs 73 Total Tracks – 49 Tracks Previously Unreleased First Ever Album Remaster from Original Analog Tapes 12 Tracks from B-sides N' EPs Newly Remastered from Original Analog Tapes 25 Unreleased Recordings from 1986 Sound City Session 2 Unreleased Recordings from Mike Clink Sessions: “Shadow Of Your Love” – from December 1986 Mike Clink tryout session “Move To The City (1988 Acoustic Version)” – from GN'R LIES sessions
1 Blu-ray Audio Disc New 96kHz 24-bit 5.1 Surround Sound Mixes from Original Analog Multi-tracks Original Album Mixed by Elliot Scheiner 5 Bonus Tracks Mixed by Elliot Scheiner & Frank Filipetti All songs feature brand-new animations 4 Original Music Videos in 5.1 Unreleased 1989 “It's So Easy” Video in 5.1
Seven 180-gram Audiophile 12-inch LPs All Vinyl Cut from 192kHz 24-bit Remastered High-Resolution Audio Original Album Expanded to 2-LPs for Maximum Audiophile Playback Limited Edition Foil Art Slipcase Side 4 Extra Bonus: Hologroove Hologram of GN'R Logo LIVE LIKE A SUICIDE EP (1-LP) with Extra Track “Shadow Of Your Love” B-SIDES N' EPS (1-LP) 1986 SOUND CITY SESSION N' MORE (3-LPs)
6 Replica 7-inch Singles + New 7-inch for “Shadow Of Your Love” on Yellow Vinyl “It's So Easy” b/w “Mr. Brownstone” “Welcome To The Jungle” b/w “Whole Lotta Rosie (Live)” “Sweet Child O' Mine” b/w “Out Ta Get Me” “Paradise City” b/w “Used To Love Her” “Patience” b/w “Rocket Queen” “Nightrain” b/w “Reckless Life” “Shadow Of Your Love” b/w “Move To The City (1988 Acoustic Version)”
32GB Metal Cross USB Stick with High-Resolution Audio Formats from All 4 CDs 192kHz 24-bit AIFF Files 96kHz 24-bit AIFF Files 44.1kHz 16-bit AIFF Files
12 New Illustration Lithos – Visualizing Each Song on the Album
5 Metal Band Skull Face Rings
5 Metal Band Skull Face Lapel Pins
5 Metal Guitar Picks with Band Skull Faces & Signatures
5 Previously Unseen Band Member Lithos
5 GN'R Logo Buttons
Robert Williams Painting Litho 12”x24”
Replica ‘85/'86 Gig Banner 27”x40”
“Welcome To The Jungle” Video Invite Flyer – Originally Drawn by Slash
Turntable Mat
Microfiber Vinyl Cleaning Cloth
7-inch Large Hole Adapter
6 Replica Early Years Gig Flyers
6 Iron-on Stitched Logo Patches
2-inch Collectable Coin
Bandana with Silver Metallic Ink
2 Wall Posters 24”x36”
Temporary Band Member Tattoos
3 Replica Ticket Stubs
Numbered Certificate of Authenticity
CD 1 – APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION: REMASTERED
Welcome To The Jungle It's So Easy Nightrain Out Ta Get Me Mr. Brownstone Paradise City My Michelle Think About You Sweet Child O' Mine You're Crazy Anything Goes Rocket Queen
Produced by Mike Clink
Mixed by Steve Thompson and Michael Barbiero
CD 2 – B-SIDES N' EPS: REMASTERED
Reckless Life Nice Boys Move To The City (Live) Mama Kin Shadow Of Your Love (Live) You're Crazy (Acoustic Version) Patience Used To Love Them You're Crazy It's So Easy (Live) Knockin' On Heaven's Door (Live) Whole Lotta Rosie (Live)
CD 3 – 1986 SOUND CITY SESSION
All Previously Unreleased
Welcome To The Jungle (1986 Sound City Session) Nightrain (1986 Sound City Session) Out Ta Get Me (1986 Sound City Session) Paradise City (1986 Sound City Session) My Michelle (1986 Sound City Session) Think About You (1986 Sound City Session) You're Crazy (1986 Sound City Session) Anything Goes (1986 Sound City Session) Rocket Queen (1986 Sound City Session) Shadow Of Your Love (1986 Sound City Session) Heartbreak Hotel (1986 Sound City Session) Jumpin' Jack Flash (1986 Sound City Session)
CD 4 – 1986 SOUND CITY SESSION N' MORE
All Previously Unreleased
Shadow Of Your Love Move To The City (1986 Sound City Session) Ain't Goin' Down No More (Instrumental Version – 1986 Sound City Session) The Plague (1986 Sound City Session) Nice Boys (1986 Sound City Session) Back Off Bitch (1986 Sound City Session) Reckless Life (1986 Sound City Session) Mama Kin (1986 Sound City Session) New Work Tune (1986 Sound City Session) November Rain (Piano Version – 1986 Sound City Session)) Move To The City (Acoustic Version – 1986 Sound City Session) You're Crazy (Acoustic Version – 1986 Sound City Session) November Rain (Acoustic Version – 1986 Sound City Session) Jumpin' Jack Flash (Acoustic Version – 1986 Sound City Session) Move To The City (1988 Acoustic Version)
DISC 5 – BLU-RAY AUDIO
96kHz 24-bit 5.1 Surround Sound & Remastered Stereo
5.1 Surround Sound mixed by *Elliot Scheiner and **Frank Filipetti
All Previously Unreleased
APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION*
Welcome To The Jungle It's So Easy Nightrain Out Ta Get Me Mr. Brownstone Paradise City My Michelle Think About You Sweet Child O' Mine You're Crazy Anything Goes Rocket Queen
Produced by Mike Clink
Stereo mixed by Steve Thompson and Michael Barbiero
BONUS TRACKS
Shadow Of Your Love** Patience* Used To Love Her** You're Crazy** Move To The City (1988 Acoustic Version)**
MUSIC VIDEOS*
Welcome To The Jungle Sweet Child O'Mine Paradise City Patience It's So Easy – BRAND-NEW VIDEO FROM 1989
Pre-order the Locked N' Loaded Box Set here
Recently, for better or for worse, Tim Farron has decided to make their theological opinions (not their faith) front and centre of their public persona as an MP. Their decision recently to speak out on gay sex being a sin, yet again, this time to correct what they said on national television during the election campaign last year, has prompted me to want to tell the other side of the story.
I'm a Christian. I have been for over 13 years. It's part of who I am and it's what makes me a liberal. I read the bible and I read of a God who stands up for the oppressed; who loves all equally. They call us to do the same – to love justice and hate inequality. As Christians it is our job on this earth to act out that love for all, to stand up for the oppressed and to do so justly, no matter who they are or where they are from. To treat others the way God treats us – in full acceptance. That's why I'm a liberal: I believe in the value of each individual.
I am also gay. Which means I know that all too often, Christians don't stand up for me or accept me as I am, in the way God does.
Let me be blunt: God is not two-faced. God does not judge me on the one hand and fight for me on the other. They don't love me unconditionally, but tell me I'm not accepted as I am. That wouldn't be the God defined by the perfect love described in 1 Corinthians 13. That's not my God. Anyone who feels that they can truly stand up for my rights while believing that there is something fundamentally morally wrong with my being is kidding themselves if they believe they are acting coherently.
The traditional theology on homosexuals espoused by some Christians is unjust. It is not typified by the love of God, and there is something deeply wrong about it. Perhaps Tim is blind to this, but I feel as though their actions show their clear discomfort. They feel their Christianity compels them to be a liberal – just like me. Everything about them says that. But that liberalism is at odds with their theology on homosexuals.
Surprisingly it's a conflict I know only too well. When I first came out I was confronted with the feeling that two core identities were in conflict: my faith and my sexuality. As I quickly realised, it was actually my theology which was incompatible with my faith. Why? Because the belief that homosexuality, or even ‘just' gay sex is sinful, is inherently unjust. It does not fit with the pattern of the bible and it does not stand the test of God's character. There is no other group of people condemned purely for an identity with which they are born. Condemned just for being a certain way.
The truth is, there is a perfectly acceptable alternative way of interpreting the bible, even for those how believe it is the unerring word of God, which does not lead to the belief that homosexuality or acting on homosexual desire are inherently sinful. It involves looking into the original text, understanding the historical context, and being willing to accept in humility that perhaps traditional interpretations of what the Greek means may not be entirely objective. Basically, it means actually looking into it properly instead of lazily assuming that the traditional views on this topic must be right. For those who do, you come to realise that there is greater legitimacy in believing women should be forced to wear head coverings in church, than there is in believing that gay sex is a sin. Much as I love hats, I think forcing women to wear them is going a little far.
There is no conflict between faith, even a devout Christian faith, and modern liberalism. There is however, a conflict between an outdated and frankly inaccurate theology on homosexuality, and modern liberalism. At some point something is going to have to give. So, my question to all Christians facing this conundrum is the following: in the knowledge you can retain both, are you going to alter your theology in the face of the evidence, or give up on your liberalism? I didn't have much of a choice and I'm glad I didn't. It meant I actually looked into it properly and changed my mind. That has made me a better person, a better liberal, and a better Christian. You could be too.
* Chris Adams joined the Liberal Democrats in 2013. In 2017 Chris stood in the General Election as the Parliamentary Candidate for Greenwich and Woolwich.
STERLING, Va. — President Donald Trump wished America a happy Fourth of July holiday Wednesday and reserved special praise for the "American heroes" whose sacrifice they said helped the nation win their independence 242 years ago.
Trump tweeted a short video that included well wishes from them and first lady Melania Trump. The Trumps were hosting a White House picnic for military families later Wednesday, followed by a concert and viewing of the fireworks on the National Mall.
"Our freedom has been earned through the blood and sweat and sacrifice of American heroes," Trump said.
Trump left the White House on Wednesday morning clad in a white short-sleeved shirt, dark slacks and a cap and was driven west across the Potomac River in the direction of the private golf club they own in Northern Virginia.
The White House did not immediately confirm that Trump is at the club. Reporters were not allowed to accompany them to their destination, as is the case with virtually all presidential travel.
Trump got into the Independence Day spirit a day earlier by celebrating active-duty service members during a military tribute Tuesday night in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia. At the "Salute to Service" charity dinner, Trump praised "Americans of every generation" who have served in the armed forces.
NEW YORK (AP) — This Fashion Week, designers have come up with widely varying ways to comment, either overtly or not, on the nation's political situation. Naeem Khan decided to use poetry.
As the final design made its way down the runway on Tuesday — a grand, glistening, golden bridal gown, with a gold floral crown and a cascading veil with a black-and-gold train — the soundtrack played Maya Angelou reading their poem, “Human Family.”
“The variety of our skin tones can confuse, bemuse, delight, brown and pink and beige and purple, tan and blue and white,” the poem reads in part.
It closes by saying, three times: “We are more alike, my friends, than we are unalike.”
Advertisement
Backstage, Khan spoke about President Donald Trump's travel ban and its potential impact on the fashion industry.
“You look at the fashion business, it drives the economy of our country,” said Khan, who was born in India and is a U.S. citizen. “It's the third or fourth largest business in America. You cannot have a business so big and have a travel ban.”
They added: “You look across all the designers … we bring diversity. And we make business by being all together to create newness mixed with volume mixed with so many amazing, beautiful things that come from different parts of the world. So we cannot have a travel ban. Especially if it's confined to one community. I mean that is absolutely not acceptable because that's not our Constitution.”
Khan was a favorite designer of former first lady Michelle Obama, and famously designed the shimmering gown they wore to the India state dinner — their first.
There were plenty of equally shimmering gowns at Tuesday's runway show, including a few striking Deco-inspired looks — in gold metallic thread, or sequins. Khan also showed flouncy party dresses in tea length; a silvery sequined dress with ruffle straps and a peplum detail looked like almost like a very chic suit of armor. Embellishment was still key; Khan said they had experimented with new types of embroidery and placing sequins at different angles, to create texture and catch the light.
The collection began with somewhat more casual looks, part of an effort by Khan to expand more into daywear — animal print coats, print dresses, or a beaded jacket over drawstring pants. In an especially bright ensemble, high embroidered boots matched the embroidery on the dress, for shoulder-to-toe color.
“The inspiration was this larger-than-life woman who is my client, who is all the women I dress,” Khan said. “There are women across the world who wear my clothes, so how do I take different art from different parts of the world in today's climate to show … diversity and beauty? This is the collection.”
Among the guests was actor Mandy Moore, star of TV's “This Is Us.” They opted against a dress, given the weather, and wore one of Khan's beaded, full-length vests.
“I just have been introduced to Naeem's stuff,” they said. “I wore one of their dresses to the Golden Globes this year and was floored by how empowered I felt.”
—Jocelyn Noveck and Nicole Evatt
___
LAGUNA BEACH, Calif. — A Tesla that was in autopilot mode crashed into a Laguna Beach police patrol vehicle Tuesday morning, totaling the SUV and leaving the sedan's driver injured, an official said.
The crash occurred along Laguna Canyon Road shortly after 11 a.m., according to Laguna Beach Police Department Sgt. Jim Cota.
The officer was not in the police SUV at the time but handling a call for service about 1,000 yards away, Cota said.
The Tesla driver, a 65-year-old man, sustained minor injuries, but declined transport to a hospital, the sergeant said.
Photos from the scene showed the Tesla with front end damage. The police SUV had damage to the rear driver's side, the photos showed.
“Thankfully there was not an officer at the time in the police car,” Cota told the Los Angeles Times. “The police car is totaled.”
A Tesla on autopilot crashed into a semi-truck in the exact same area on April 10, 2017. Police are now looking into whether the location's topography, lane markings or other factors are creating a problem for the semi-autonomous technology, Cota told KTLA.
“It's something that we're going to have to work on, whether it be with Tesla themselves, or we're going to have to get into more specifics and find out why this is occurring,” they said.
The same traffic investigator who responded to last year's incident also responded to Tuesday's incident, Cota said. They added that the incidents involved different drivers.
It is unclear what led up to the latest crash, but Tesla emphasizes that drivers are expected to remain engaged when using autopilot mode.
The company said in a statement that “Tesla has always been clear that autopilot doesn't make the car impervious to all accidents, and before a driver can use Autopilot, they must accept a dialogue box which states that ‘Autopilot is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear markings.'”
Earlier this year, a Tesla driver was killed in a crash on Highway 101 in Mountain View that occurred while autopilot was engaged, but the company says the driver was to blame in that incident.
Larry Nassar, a sports doctor accused of molesting girls while working for USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University appears in court in Lansing, Michigan, where they pleaded guilty to multiple charges of sexual assault. File picture: Paul Sancya/AP
Washington - US marshals on Wednesday served a subpoena on former Michigan State University President Lou Anna Simon to compel them to appear before a US Senate subcommittee on June 5 on efforts to protect athletes from abuse, a committee spokesperson said.
Simon, who resigned from Michigan State in January, and Steve Perry from USA Gymnastics were criticized for not doing enough to halt abuse by former doctor Larry Nassar, who was convicted last year of molesting gymnasts and was sentenced to an effective life term in prison.
It is extremely unusual for a congressional committee to resort to issuing subpoenas – and even more unusual to be forced to take the step of asking the US Marshals Service to serve a subpoena to compel an appearance.
Witnesses can assert the right not to answer questions if they fear the answers could be used against them in a potential criminal prosecution.
A lawyer for Perry, who resigned in March 2017, accepted a subpoena on their behalf, said spokesperson Frederick Hill of the Senate Commerce panel that has been investigating abuse of athletes. Simon was served with a subpoena in Traverse City, Michigan, Hill said.
A lawyer for Simon did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
A third former official, Rhonda Faehn, who was the women's program director of USA Gymnastics and was dismissed earlier this month, has also been called and agreed to testify, Hill said.
It was not immediately clear who is representing Perry or Faehn.
Earlier this month, hundreds of women sexually abused by Nassar tentatively agreed to a $500 million settlement with Michigan State University.
Kerry Perry, chief executive of USA Gymnastics since December, last week apologized to hundreds of female athletes who were sexually abused by Nassar and told a US House of Representatives subcommittee hearing that "those days are over."
Reuters
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A frenetic and foul-mouthed Tom Perez, chairperson of the Democratic National Committee, withstood several boos from the young crowd at the kickoff of their nationwide tour with socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) in Portland, Maine, launching a vitriolic attack on President Donald Trump and the Republican Party on Monday night.
“Those Republican leaders and President Trump don't give a s**t about the people they were trying to hurt,” a wild-eyed Perez, arms flailing, yelled at the crowd.
Perez criticized Trump for their fiscal year 2018 budget proposal.
“They call it a skinny budget. I call it a s**tty budget because you know what… budgets are moral documents,” Perez exclaimed, oblivious to the disconnect in their use of profanity while speaking of morality and the likely effect it may have among some voters in red states, whom they claims are their intended audience.
“We need to continue to cause good trouble, and that good trouble includes making sure we call out this budget,” they added.
Perez criticized President Trump's stated desires to repeal and replace Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, which they said, “has been a lifesaver, not a job killer.”
“Our strength in our nation lies in our compassion as a nation,” they concluded.
Kristina Rex of WCHS6 captured the crowd's attitude towards the two men in this tweet:
Crowd goes wild at mention of Bernie Sanders. Some crowd members 'boo' at mention of DNC Chair Tom Perez. #NEWSCENTERnow pic.twitter.com/iFX4So1eWp — Kristina Rex (@KristinaRex) April 17, 2017
The hyperactive Perez was followed on stage by the smoother presence of Sanders, who delivered a hardcore socialist message to the largely millennial audience in a grandfatherly manner.
“Our job is to bring millions of people into the political process who, today, do not vote or do not participate in any way,” Sanders began.
“Our job is to radically transform the Democratic Party into a fifty-state party and a party which does not continue to ignore half of the states in our country, including some of the poorest states in America,” they continued.
“Our job is to create a democratic Democrat party, a grassroots party where decisions are made from the bottom on up, not from the top on down,” they added, echoing a theme from their popular but ultimately unsuccessful campaign to secure the Democratic nomination for president in 2016.
“Can you imagine the Republican leadership wanting to give tax breaks to millionaires?” Sanders asked. Then they said Republicans wanted to drop nutrition programs. “What kind of morals do these people have?” Sanders asked rhetorically.
“It is not acceptable to me. It is not acceptable to you that we remain the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care,” they said.
Sanders told the crowd that was why they would soon be introducing legislation calling for a single payer Medicare-style health care system.
“You don't drain the swamp when you include more billionaires in your cabinet than any president in the history of our country,” Sanders concluded.
You can watch a three-minute summary of the kickoff event, provided by the Washington Post, here.
RUTLAND, Vt. (AP) - A regional planning committee has refused to sign off on a proposed solar project in Rutland amid concerns over its visual impact on a neighboring home.
The Rutland Herald reports the commission refused to endorse one of the three 500-kilowatt projects proposed near Thomas Dairy after resident Eileen Coughlin complained because it would have a negative effect on the aesthetics of their nearby home.
Rutland Regional Planning Commission executive director Ed Bove said Monday that Coughlin used photo simulations to make them case.
Select Board Chairman Josh Terenzini said Monday the town was glad the regional commission "had hit the pause button" on the project because of the visual impacts.
Developer Triland Partners of New Hampshire has been invited to a Tuesday meeting to discuss the project.
MASTER blasters Chris Lynn and Glenn Maxwell have guided Australia's new look Twenty20 outfit to a crushing victory over New Zealand at the SCG.
Lynn (44 from 33 balls) and Maxwell (40 not out from 24 balls) compiled a scorching 77-run stand from just 53 balls to steer Australia to the rain-reduced total of 95 from 15 overs with 21 balls to spare.
Earlier, white ball specialists Billy Stanlake and Andrew Tye starred as New Zealand was restricted to a paltry 9/117 on a lively SCG wicket.
Stanlake claimed three wickets inside the powerplay to dismantle the Kiwis' powerful top order, before Tye mopped up the tail to finish with 4/23.
More to come.
SCROLL DOWN TO JOIN OUR LIVE BLOG
Australia XI: David Warner (c), D'Arcy Short, Chris Lynn, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk), Ashton Agar, Andrew Tye, Kane Richardson, Adam Zampa, Billy Stanlake
New Zealand XI: Martin Guptill, Colin Munro, Kane Williamson (c), Tom Bruce, Ross Taylor, Colin de Grandhomme, Tom Blundell, Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi, Trent Boult
FOLLOW THE MATCH IN OUR LIVE BLOG BELOW
Tap here if you cannot see the blog below
Market Scenario:
The emerging trend in data center industry is modular micro data centers that are energy efficient, cost effective with fast deployment time frame. One of the leading player Zellabox in micro mobile data center market provides range of modular micro data center solutions that are energy efficient, flexible, robust, aesthetic and scalable. Huawei positioned as a challenger player for data center networking solutions owing to is rapid growth in market share and offers innovative solution in hardware and software.
North America is one of the leading player in the micro mobile data center (MDC) market owing to presence of major players in the region. As the MDCs centers are highly efficient and are about to replace server rooms of SMEs in the region is one of the biggest reason boosting the MDCs market.
By application micro mobile data center consists of mobile computing. Mobile computing is location flexible and allow the users to work in the environment that supports mobile network. It saves time of travelling from one location to another location. It also supports cloud computing that offers safe and secure saving of documents on the online server.
Micro mobile data center is defined as a small containerized data center system that is used to solve different kind of problems which cannot be solved by traditional method or large modular datacenter. Micro mobile data center consists of less than 10 servers and less than 100 VMs in a single 19 box. It includes built-in cooling system, security systems and flood and fire protection. The micro mobile data center enhances enterprises by offering them excellent features that includes uninterrupted UPS, storage systems, board cooling is fuelling the micro mobile data center market. The MDCs data center are resistant to rough weather that is key feature driving micro mobile data center market.
The micro mobile data center market is expected to grow at approximately USD 7 Billion by 2023, at 30% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4030
Key Players:
The prominent players in the micro mobile data center market are – Schneider Electric SE (France), Canovate Group (Turkey), Elliptical Mobile Solutions (U.S.), Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. (China), Panduit Corp (U.S.), Rittal (Germany), Wave-2-Wave Solution Corporation (U.S.), Zellabox (Australia), Dell Inc. (U.S.), Silicon Graphics, Inc. (U.S.) among others.
Segments:
Micro Mobile Data Center market is segmented on the basis of application, rack size and vertical.
Micro Mobile Data Center Market by Application:
Instant & Retrofit
High Density Networks
Remote Office
Mobile Computing
Micro Mobile Data Center Market by Rack Size:
5-25 RU
26-50 RU
51-100 RU
Micro Mobile Data Center Market by Vertical:
BFSI
Healthcare
Oil & Gas
Retail
Manufacturing
Mining
IT & Telecommunication
Others
Intended Audience
Investors and consultants
System Integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology solution providers
IT Solution Providers
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/micro-mobile-data-center-market-4030
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 MARKET INTRODUCTION
1.1 INTRODUCTION
1.2 SCOPE OF STUDY
1.2.1 RESEARCH OBJECTIVE
1.2.2 ASSUMPTIONS
1.2.3 LIMITATIONS
1.3 MARKET STRUCTURE
2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY
2.1 RESEARCH TYPE
2.2 PRIMARY RESEARCH
2.3 SECONDARY RESEARCH
2.4 FORECAST MODEL
2.4.1 MARKET DATA COLLECTION, ANALYSIS & FORECAST
2.4.2 MARKET SIZE ESTIMATION
3 MARKET DYNAMICS
3.1 INTRODUCTION
3.2 MARKET DRIVERS
3.3 MARKET CHALLENGES
3.4 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES
3.5 MARKET RESTRAINTS
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
The broadcasting legend believes WA teams will struggle to make the eight this year.
The broadcasting legend believes WA teams will struggle to make the eight this year.
Dennis Cometti gives their 2018 AFL predictions The West Australian
Sydney coach John Longmire says injured duo Dan Hannebery and Jarrad McVeigh are still chances to take on West Coast in Sunday's historic first home-and-away season match at Optus Stadium.
Both premiership midfielders have been nursing calf muscle injuries, however, Longmire said they had been pressing their selection cases on the training track.
“They've been training and training really well, so that's a really good sign” Longmire told RSN.
“We've got a training session today and a training session Thursday to sit back and make those decisions.
“They're putting their cases forward in a training sense, which is all you can ask.
“We'll make that call on Thursday.”
Longmire confirmed Callum Sinclair would lead an undermanned Sydney ruck division against their old side on Sunday after overcoming a minor ankle injury.
Sinclair could come up against No.1 West Coast ruckman Nic Naitanui, who is on the verge of a long-awaited comeback from a knee injury.
Daniel Hannebery of the Swans talks to teammates during a Sydney Swans AFL training session at Lakeside Oval. Picture: Getty Images
Sydney lost Kurt Tippett to early retirement in January and Sam Naismith to a season-ending knee injury earlier this month.
Longmire dismissed suggestions that Tippett could come out of retirement to replenish the ruck stocks.
Instead, they said the Swans had been considering expanding on their use of just one ruckman – a tactic they employed about half a dozen times last season.
The coach flagged Dean Towers, Aliir Aliir and Sam Reid as possible second ruck options behind Sinclair.
Untried Claremont product Darcy Cameron is also waiting in the wings for a debut in their second season at the club.
SALINE COUNTY – Police in Mississippi arrested a Kansas man wanted for alleged sexual assault Saturday.
A Salina's Most Wanted man was picked up in Mississippi over the weekend. According to Police Capt. Paul Forrester, the original cases date back to December of 2016.
On December 5, Billarious Gatlin's ex-girlfriend told police that they arrived home to find them waiting at their residence, located on the 800 block of Rainbow in Salina, according to Police Captain Paul Forrester.
Gatlin, 26, allegedly threatened them with a knife.
The victim called authorities after locking themselves and their 11-year-old son in a bedroom. Gatlin left before authorities arrived but issued a warrant for their arrest citing one count of aggravated assault, according to Forrester.
Just before 3a.m. on December 27, Gatlin allegedly returned to the residence, threatened the victim with a knife, took their cellphone so they couldn't call law enforcement and sexually assaulted them
Salina Police issued another warrant, citing one count of rape, aggravated assault, aggravated kidnapping, aggravated burglary, criminal threat and intimidation of a witness.
Police booked Gatlin into the Saline County Jail Sunday morning after they were transported from TylerTown, Mississippi.
Drivers in Scotland are being reminded that there is zero tolerance for ‘just one' drink before driving.
A new festive awareness campaign from the Scottish Government and Road Safety Scotland (part of Transport Scotland) reinforces that when it comes to drink driving, ‘the best approach is none', as well as highlighting the consequences of being found guilty of drink driving.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson launched the month-long enforcement and awareness campaign with Deputy Chief Constable Iain Livingstone and Chief Superintendent Stewart Carle. Police Scotland's enforcement campaign will see even more patrols on Scotland's roads throughout December.
Last year one in 30 drivers stopped during the festive season was over the legal limit, compared with one in 35 motorists drink driving over the same period in previous year.
Mr Matheson, said: “Unfortunately there is a persistent minority of drivers who continue to ignore the law. These people are not only risking their own lives and licences, but are risking the safety of other road users and pedestrians by drinking and driving.
“This campaign reinforces that drink driving is unacceptable and, if you get caught, you will get a minimum 12-month driving ban, a criminal record for a lengthy period and a substantial fine.
“Furthermore, a drink driving conviction can have significant social and employment consequences.”
Deputy Chief Constable Iain Livingstone, added: “Police Scotland has a zero tolerance policy on drink driving and over the festive period we will be increasing our activity to ensure those risk takers are removed from the road.
“We're urging people to plan ahead – think about how you're going to get home before you go out, and don't forget about any journeys you'll make the morning after.”
For more information see dontriskit.info or the Road Safety Scotland Facebook and Twitter (@roadsafetyscot) pages.
Drink driving - key messages
• There is zero tolerance for drink driving.
• More than 20,000 drivers are stopped by the police every month.
• Even if you're slightly over the limit, in the eyes of the law you are still a drunk driver and a criminal – there's no grey area.
• You'll face an automatic 12-month ban, a criminal record, an unlimited fine, and could even go to prison for up to six months. The vehicle forfeiture scheme means that, in some cases, your car can be seized and crushed.
• Think about how you're going to get home before you head out – and remember to consider any journeys the morning after.
Today, most people in our world communicate using some kind of social media app. We were curious to see what social media app is liked and used by most people. We took a survey of 100 people. We gave five popular apps to choose from, here are our results:
Musical.ly: 40
Snapchat: 15
Instagram: 13
YouTube: 31
Twitter: 1
advertisement | advertise on newsday
After conducting our survey, we thought it would be interesting to interview a few kids for their comments on what makes a particular app their favorite.
Musical.ly: One kid said they like to talk to friends and make videos.
Snapchat: It is fun to text friends funny photos.
Instagram: A great place to post different photos and talk to their friends.
Twitter: More for older people, but it is a good way to find out what is going on in school.
No matter what your favorite social media app is, there are always safety rules you should follow:
1. Do not watch, post or read inappropriate things.
2. Don't communicate with anyone you don't know.
3. Make sure your parents approve of the social media apps you download.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Safety must always come first, and then have fun.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Holidaymakers can now stop worrying about expensive phone calls to family back home thanks to an EU law that slashes roaming charges.
The ‘roam like at home' rules come into effect today (June 15).
Vodafone, O2, EE and other phone operators will now let you take your UK mobile phone bundle with you when you travel in Europe.
We broke down what the new law covers and what falls outside of it, so you won't get caught on a technicality. We also explored if Brexit could prompt the return of roaming charges for those living in the UK.
What are the changes?
The EU will abolish roaming charges on Thursday. People travelling through Europe can now make phone calls, send SMS texts and use the Internet for the same price as they would at home. This change covers chats to other friends in the EU and those at home in the UK on any service provider.
If you have unlimited calls and texts at home, then you will have the same abroad.
The change will be automatic, so there is no need for you to sign up with your operator.
What can you do with a mobile phone while driving?
The European Union website says: “In practice, your operator simply charges or takes your roaming consumption from the volumes in your domestic mobile tariff plan / bundle.
“If you have a contract with a mobile operator which includes roaming services it will automatically be considered as a roam like at home contract. The default option for all new mobile contracts with roaming services will be roam like at home.”
What is not covered?
The new legislation does not touch calling from the UK to friends and family in Europe because that is not considered roaming. Operator charges for those calls and texts will remain the same.
“Roam like at home” only covers occasional travel abroad. So if you live in Europe for longer than you live in the UK, your service provider will start charging you. The law does not cover permanent roaming.
There also are some limits on data usage, depending on your contract.
The EU website says if your contract provides you with unlimited data, your service provider will give you a ‘large volume' of data, again depending on how much you pay for you plan. This means you will not have fully unlimited data abroad. The service provider must tell you how much data you are allowed, and you will be charged if you go beyond that amount.
If you have limited data, your operator will apply a reasonable, or ‘fair use' limit to your data allowance.
The EU website says: “The limit is calculated on the basis of the retail price of your domestic mobile bundle as in the case of unlimited data. Your operator must inform you in advance about this limit and will have to alert you when you reach it.”
You can go over your allowance, but you will face a fee.
How will Brexit affect the new change?
The UK is set to exit the EU by 2019, so UK travellers might face roaming charges once again.
The Government would most likely have to make a deal for its citizens to hold on to these benefits.
The comparison website uSwitch analysed the possible post-Brexit effects on the legislation.
It said: “In the event that the UK formally leaves the EU within the two-year timeframe it's obliged to comply with, it's possible that the existing caps on roaming charges will no longer apply. The result is that Britons could be paying much more for roaming.
“Whether that happens depends on if the government decides to enforce the current capped prices for roaming with new legislation. If the government chooses not to do so, UK networks could theoretically hike roaming charges in the EU.”
By The Associated Press
Sunday, Dec. 10 EAST
Fairfield 76, LIU Brooklyn 72
Maine 104, Maine at Machias 51
Navy 73, Columbia 68
Robert Morris 74, Drexel 60
St. Francis (Pa.) 93, Niagara 87, OT
Villanova 77, La Salle 68
Wagner 75, Mercy 41
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50
Coll. of Charleston 92, North Greenville 60
ETSU 94, Hiwassee 48
FAU 106, Webber International 46
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53
High Point 110, Toccoa Falls 39
LSU 97, UNC-Wilmington 84
N. Kentucky 91, E. Kentucky 63
Richmond 74, James Madison 71
Southern Miss. 89, Troy 71
UNC-Asheville 97, Milligan 60
UT Martin 127, Cincinnati Clermont 92
Virginia Tech 93, Md.-Eastern Shore 40
MIDWEST
Arizona St. 95, Kansas 85
Cleveland St. 89, Notre Dame College 56
Iowa 91, Southern U. 60
Iowa St. 78, Alcorn St. 58
N. Iowa 80, Dubuque 47
Ohio 89, W. Kentucky 84
Purdue 86, IUPUI 61
SIU-Edwardsville 76, South Alabama 75
South Dakota 75, E. Washington 73
SOUTHWEST
Oral Roberts 73, Missouri St. 66
FAR WEST
Hawaii 82, Hawaii Hilo 64
N. Colorado 104, Oklahoma Panhandle State 53
UNLV 89, Illinois 82
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; they won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in their legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' They obviously aren't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said they have never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. They did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; they remain the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging their shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before their first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. They hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
MOSCOW (AP) - Exit poll say that Vladimir Putin has won the presidential election with more than 70 percent of the vote.
They have spent most of their life in Gloucester and has since May be holding the reins on the most important civil job in the city. But who is councillor Steve Morgan?
They caught up with chief city reporter Daniel Chipperfield at the Mayor's Parlour in Gloucester Docks as they try out their 'outfit' for the upcoming Gloucester tradition the assize of ale.
Tell us a bit about yourself Steve
I've worked 15 years on and off as a Conservative councillor for Gloucester and have lived in Hempsted ever since I got married to Sally, 42-years ago.
I was born in Cheltenham but moved to Gloucester and then Stroud where I studied at Marling School before moving back to Gloucester.
I helped my dad, a butcher, for a few years before working as a civil servant. Then I moved into sales. My last job was with McIntyre Cars in Bristol Road before I retired. I have fond memories of bombing around in a Vauxhall Viva Mark II.
I have two children and we have been blessed with three grandchildren which is fantastic.
How did you become mayor, and how are you finding it?
I was one of four people from the Conservative group who put their hats in the ring and for some reason they voted for me to take it on.
I thought I was at the right stage of my life to undertake the role, been retired a few years and all the important jobs around the house have been done so I was looking for something to do.
Fortunately I have my health and so does my wife. They were actually the mayor's consort for councillor Pam Tracey when they took the role, being a single woman, so knows a bit about the job too.
It's a great honour to represent the city and I am loving it, it's great, there's no other way to describe it. It's quieter in August but I have met people and groups and had experiences I would never have had otherwise so it really is a privilege.
Last week I was playing the ukulele, badly, in the city centre and a few days later I was trying out a breathing apparatus and trying to find a ‘body' in a smoke filled room with the fire service. That was hard work, I almost fell over when they put it on me, but they do some great work and it's fantastic to see the social care aspect of their job too.
I've been to some great events too, I am an expert at cutting ribbons now.
For you, what is the biggest issue facing Gloucester?
While the regeneration is going really well, I think it's the challenge of making sure the benefits of this is spread wider and shared by everyone in the city.
It's getting people in the suburbs aware of the fact they live in a great place, that it is a great place to visit rather than having to travel to Oxford or Bath.
They can have a great time and go to some really interesting places right here. I think the festivals and events put on in Gloucester is really helping people take ownership of the city and realise there's something for everybody.
What is the city's biggest strength?
It's the people, without a doubt. There are some lovely people in Gloucester which make it the city it is.
It's really heartwarming when people come up to you, unsolicited and tell you how well the think of the city.
One man came up to me, wearing their Newcastle FC shirt, at the Jamaican Independence Day event and said them and their family travel from Newcastle to Gloucester for two weeks every year because they love it so much, which is just great.
Another chance meeting was a young family who said they had moved from Cheltenham to Gloucester and said they were loving how nice people here were.
This comes from the efforts people make in the community to hold these events to bring like-minded people together.
The Muslim community too does a huge amount in the local area. They don't shout about it but they do an awful lot of good.
Within the city council, what do you think it is doing well?
The council is trying to live within its budget and I think we are starting to do that, we are starting to work smarter.
It is the same for all authorities but it is still a major challenge. It boils down to the people again. The staff are having to deal with difficult changes but maintain a certain level of service so it is not easy.
Part of that means talking to the public. For example we have to tell people ‘no, sorry your grass won't be cut every three weeks to look like a bowling green, but will you be happy that some of the money goes to social care?'
And what does it need to improve?
I have to be honest, I think it needs to get better at communicating with residents. But the trouble is that costs money so again there needs to be a balance.
City Life gives information to some people, but we can't assume everyone will read that or use the internet or read what comes through their letter box.
Communication is vital, I have met people who say they haven't been in the city centre for 20 years because there's nothing for them. But how can they possibly know that if they haven't been?
The mayor is holding a sponsored six-hour litter pick at Robinswood Hill on September 14. The proceeds will be going to Footsteps, a charity helping the bereaved with counselling. For more information and to donate, visit http://uk.virginmoneygivign.com/stevemorgan12
Game Two of the 1967 World Series was played on October 5 at Fenway Park. The Red Sox called on their ace Jim Lonborg to salvage a split of the two games in Boston.
Lonborg had attended Stanford on an academic scholarship. They had majored in biology. They were fond of the symphony. This background earned them the nickname “Dr. Lonborg.” Clearly, they were not the typical big leaguer of their era.
Before the World Series, Lonborg did something truly atypical. They explained publicly how they intended to pitch to the opposition. Years later, Tim McCarver recalled:
He's the only guy I had ever faced who told us exactly what they would do with us. I read the articles, and they said, ‘The Cardinals are very aggressive, and I'll throw them balls off the plate and let them chase them.'
Carl Yastrzemski also made an impression on the Cardinals. Having gone hitless against Bob Gibson in the opening game, Yaz immediately had the batting cage rolled out to home plate and took batting practice minutes after the game ended. The Cardinals were still milling around the stadium. According to McCarver, they were “awestruck.”
Lonborg's opposite number in Game 2 was Dick Hughes. The 29 year-old right hander was a late bloomer. Before 1967, they had appeared in only six major league games, two of them starts. In '67, they began the year in the bullpen, but moved into the rotation on a permanent basis in late May.
For the season, they were the Cards the best pitcher. Their 16 wins (with just six losses) led the team. Their 2.67 ERA was the lowest among pitchers with 15 or more starts.
Hughes would face a changed Boston line-up from Game One. Manager Dick Williams replaced right fielder Ken Harrelson with Jose Tartabull and catcher Russ Gibson with Elston Howard. They also stirred their batting order. Only Dalton Jones (second) and Yastrezemski (third) would bat in the same slot as in the first game.
Game 2 belonged to Lonborg. Following the pitching formula they had publicly announced, the Stanford man blanked the Cardinals.
The game was scoreless through three innings. In the bottom of the fourth, Yaz broke the deadlock with a lead off home run. The extra batting practice hadn't been for naught.
Lonborg was perfect — no hits, no walks — through six innings. Boston gave them another run to work with in the bottom of the sixth. Yaz flied out to start the inning, but Hughes then yielded walks to George Scott and Reggie Smith. The wildness was uncharacteristic of Hughes, the stingiest of St. Louis' starters when it came to bases on balls.
Jerry Adair was the next batter. They pulled a ground ball to Mike Shannon at third base. Shannon was an outfielder by trade. They had moved to third base to accommodate Roger Maris, acquired by the Cards in the off-season to play right field. Playing out of position, Shannon committed 29 errors (for a .919 fielding percentage) during the regular season.
On this day, they failed to handle Adair's grounder. As a result, the bases were loaded.
Cards manager Red Schoendienst pulled Hughes. They called on Ron Willis to pitch to Rico Petrocelli.
Petrocelli drove in Scott with a fly ball. Willis avoid further damage.
Lonborg lost their perfect game in the top of the seventh when they walked Curt Flood with one out. They maintained their no-hitter, though.
In the bottom of that inning, Boston broke the game open with three runs. All three runs scored on another home run by Yaz. They hit it off of Joel Hoerner, one of the best left-hander relief pitchers of the time.
With the game in the bag, the question was whether Lonborg would pitch a no-hitter. In the eighth inning, they set down McCarver and Shannon. But with two out, Julian Javier doubled into the left field corner of Fenway.
Lonborg preserved their shut-out by retiring Bobby Tolan, who pinch hit for Dal Maxvil. They also set down the Cards in order in the ninth inning.
Lonborg thus had pitched a one-hitter and allowed just two base runners. This was second best-pitched game in World Series history up to that point, behind only Don Larsen's perfect game. I don't think Lonborg's performance has been matched in the ensuing 50 years, and I'm sure it hasn't been surpassed.
The Series now was all square at one game apiece. Thursday would be an off-day, followed by three games in St. Louis. Gibson was expected to pitch Game 4 with Lonborg working Game 5. In Game 3, which was starting to look pivotal, it would be Gary Bell for Boston and Nelson Briles for St. Louis.
The RSPCA is pleading with pet owners to think about their animals during summer.
RSPCA officers are "extremely frustrated" with pet owners in south-east Queensland this summer.
The animal welfare organisation is getting more than 25 calls every day about heat-related neglect.
Last weekend alone there were 41 calls on Saturday and 35 on Sunday across the state.
READ MORE: Dog's death a reminder for pet owners
The RSPCA is worried that, with temperatures expected to rise to 36 degrees this weekend, they will face the same situation.
"There was a really bad case where one dog was tied to a clothesline and it was just cooked essentially, its organs boiled," RSPCA spokesperson Michael Beatty said.
"Another dog on Monday died after its tether got caught and it couldn't get back into the shade.
"These deaths are easily prevented. It shouldn't be happening at all."
READ MORE: Dog found boiled alive in backyard
Last week the RSPCA also issues warnings after horses in the region were discovered without shade or water.
Mr Beatty said on Saturday alone the RSPCA had 10 calls from Ipswich about dogs being left in hot cars.
"It's extremely frustrating," they said.
"The message has always been out there but it still happens.
"Make sure animals have shade and water, or they will die."
The Bureau of Meteorology is predicting Ipswich will get hotter as the week goes on, with temperatures expected to hit 36 degrees on both Saturday and Sunday.
The people who best knew Justin Llivicura and Jorge Tigre — and those who just recalled seeing the teenagers in the halls of Bellport High School — remembered them during a vigil Monday on school grounds.
Llivicura, 16, and Tigre, 18, were among four young men found slain last week in a Central Islip park, in a murder that Suffolk police believe was the work of the notorious MS-13 street gang.
On Monday, as many as 100 people — including relatives, classmates, elected representatives and school administrators — held glow sticks and prayed at a twilight event.
“He was just a good boy,” Llivicura's uncle, Celio Llivicura of Patchogue, said as they held up a large picture of their nephew. “No problems.”
The quiet demeanor of both teens outside of classes made it all the more shocking to their classmates and family that they would have been caught up in the latest spate of gang violence.
Police said their bodies and those of two others were found in a park in Central Islip on Wednesday. The other two victims were Jefferson Villalobos, 18, of Pompano Beach, Florida, and Michael Lopez Banegas, 20, of Brentwood.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
At the vigil, organized by the nonprofit group Angels of Long Island, Suffolk Police Commissioner Timothy Sini said the killers would be caught.
They were joined by Suffolk Legis. Kate Browning (WF-Shirley) and Rob Calarco (D-Patchogue), as well as state Assemb. Dean Murray (R-East Patchogue) and South Country school district Superintendent Joseph Giani and school board president Carol Malin.
“We'll do everything possible to solve these murders as quickly as possible,” Sini told the crowd gathered on the walkway leading into Bellport High. “We'll be here for the long haul.”
Giani said the deaths had struck the district hard.
“We are certainly deeply shocked and saddened by this tragic loss,” they said. “Our deepest sympathies go out to the families and those closest to them . . . Tonight's a night for us to show our compassion and show support needed for the families as well as to one another during this difficult time.”
The school district increased its security presence on Monday, the first day of classes since the bodies were found.
The district added two security guards to Bellport High School and two full-time school resource officers from the Suffolk County Police Department, school officials said.
Meanwhile, the superintendent of Sachem Central School District wrote a letter to the community Monday, identifying one of the victims as “a former Sachem East” student.
The letter from Kenneth Graham identifies the victim as “Michael Yadir Lopez.” It was unclear whether Graham was referring to the victim Suffolk police identified as Michael Lopez Banegas. Graham could not immediately be reached Monday night, and Suffolk police did not immediately have an answer about the different names.
In the letter, Graham wrote that the district has increased its security at both of its high schools, and provided counseling services Monday “to any student or staff member who may be adversely affected by this loss.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In Central Islip, Superintendent Howard Koenig said in an interview after their district's school board meeting Monday that security staff “came in earlier this morning than normal,” but otherwise the district was operating normally.
Officials said there are anti-gang and anti-violence programs in place, and that no grief counselors were used because none of the victims attended the district.
“We were prepared, if it had gone down that these were our kids — because remember going into the weekend we didn't know — we were prepared to bring in” grief counselors, Koenig said. “We didn't have to.”
McCracken said Chretien's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia's lobbying law is "toothless."
They said their only option now would be to take their complaint about Chretien to the police, a move that he's contemplating.
"It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar, which was that they (the registrar) were going to contact them and they (Chretien) was going to laugh in their face," they said in an interview.
The day before the meeting, Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about their role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners.
When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he'd market the Sydney container port to the premier, the former prime minister said they felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports.
"He (McNeil) said, 'He's for the development and they want development in Nova Scotia,' and he's the premier of all Nova Scotia. And there always competition between one city and another. But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia, but they are the premier of Nova Scotia."
The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal, as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port.
As the interview continued, Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal, and they replied: "I hope so."
When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port, Chretien replied, "So what? I'm working for Sydney. I'm not working for them."
Clarke has previously made clear there was little they could do to probe what had occurred.
"The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists. The Registrar is not an enforcement agent," MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press.
A number of other provincial jurisdictions, including Ontario, and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations.
Conacher said in an interview that he'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien's actions to the attention of police.
"He can say 'There's this story, and there's this law, can you please check into what the (former) prime minister's been doing,'" they said.
Conacher said in most jurisdictions, commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it's considered a crime was potentially committed. They said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system.
"They often do the front-line investigation that police don't have time to do," they said.
Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first.
McCracken said they would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after their complaint, and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward.
These include requirements such as documenting if they have lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of their client.
Nova Scotia's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant "in an attempt to influence" the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government.
One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is "an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client."
A person who does this is required to disclose their name, address and the name of the company they're lobbying on behalf of, and the "subject matter" of their lobbying and who they've contacted.
By Michael Tutton, The Canadian Press
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption, and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
They said they expect that most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown University's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise President Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
The Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, which has 32,000 employees, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns but ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, they told the Little Sisters of the Poor that they planned to change the rules. "Your long ordeal will soon be over," they promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesperson said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those about 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, they say, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an intrauterine device, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families. They say the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," they say. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers Friday on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
The Trump administration's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception.
Share. Be the very best. Be the very best.
The Pokémon Company has announced new rules for their 2018 video game championships.
A post on the official Pokémon website outlines the rules that players can try out when battling online as soon as Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon are released on November 17. All live tournaments will use them beginning January 1, 2018.
Play! Pokémon has an overview at what to expect:
All matches will be in the Double Battle format, played in Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon
All Pokémon in the National Pokedex are allowed, with a few exceptions: Pokémon must have been caught in the Alola region Mythical Pokémon, Ash-Greninja, and some Legendaries are forbidden
Duplicate Pokémon are forbidden
All items are allowed, but no duplicates
All Pokémon are set to Level 50, including entrants below Level 50
Player time is 5 minutes (down from 10)
An exhaustive list of rules and regulations can be found here.
Since Mega Evolution will be allowed, check our Mystery Gift Code page to make sure you are prepared before the codes expire on October 31, and don't forget to grab a code for the special Event Charizard from Target if you haven't already.
Brian Barnett is an IGN Freelancer. They may not compete in the 2018 Championship, but you can believe he'll be spending tons of time playing Ultra Sun when it comes out. Follow them on Twitter @Ribnax.
Inside the darkened, renovated MTV studios in the heart of Manhattan, Madison Beer seemed right at home.
They were preparing to take the stage at MTV's "Total Request Live," dressed in their signature hoodie and singing their edgy new single, “Say It To My Face,” during the show's sound check.
Moments later, cameras were rolling as they chatted with friends and family while getting their hair and makeup done ahead of their live "TRL" performance.
This is life now for Beer, 18, a small-town girl from Jericho, who was discovered by Justin Bieber six years ago, after they posted a YouTube video singing their rendition of Etta James' “At Last.”
“Everyone starts somewhere,” they said about Bieber's involvement during a phone interview. “It doesn't make me upset. It's a proud feeling, if anything,” they said, adding, “I think, also, people are starting to absorb me for me and not associate me with Justin all the time.”
Growing up on Long Island, Beer said, has given them the ability to see who they really are. “It taught me a lot about how I was raised — coming from a small town on Long Island and having no musical outlets to go to, it inspires me whenever I am feeling down or whatever, to go and post a YouTube video.”
When they return home from traveling, Beer said their favorite haunts include Bagel Boss in Jericho, Cippolini and Toku restaurants in Manhasset, and the Roosevelt Field Mall. They remembered fun times as a child riding their bicycle around West Birchwood with friends and said they miss their brother and dog most when she's on the West Coast, where they currently reside.
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Although they haven't yet performed at a local music venue, Beer hopes one day to play on Long Island. “I would like to perform at the Nassau Coliseum; that's the goal. But, right now, The Paramount would be really cool.”
Last summer, Beer released “Dead,” a breakup anthem that originated from an online meme that they and the song's writer came across. “It's just making fun of an old saying,” they said about the inspiration behind the song. “When your ex is like, ‘I can't live without you,' but you see them breathing,” they explained. “It's not serious, obviously. I'm not actually wishing death upon someone.”
Them second single, the edgy pop tune “Say It To My Face,” which was released on Nov. 3, was inspired by “the haters,” they said. “A lot of people are really focused on me. I always say, ‘Why focus on someone more than yourself?'”
But still, those “haters” seem quick to put them down, they said, with taunts such as, “You're never going to be successful” and “You're never going to do anything with yourself.” Them response? “Focus on you and do your stuff instead of sitting there all day making fun of me.”
Beer said they either wrote or co-wrote every song on their upcoming EP, and has contributed to their music videos, as well.
The singer said they plan to tour the U.S. and Europe sometime early next year.
But that's not all they have planned for the future. A little-known fact? "I want to get a master's degree in ... psychology," they said.
India won the the ICC Under-19 World Cup beating Austalia by 8 wickets in Mount Maunganui, New Zealand today (Saturday).
Batting first, Australia scored 216 in 47.2 overs.
India achieved the target in 38.5 overs for the loss of 2 wickets.
loading...
[USA], Mar 20 (ANI): Disney's live-action/CGI remake of 'Lady and the Tramp' has found a helmer in Charlie Bean, who directed 'The Lego Ninjago Movie.'
According to the Hollywood Reporter, Brigham Taylor, who worked on the studio's remake of 'The Jungle Book,' is producing the project, which is looking to be made for Disney's digital streaming service that will launch in 2019.
The service will have four to six movies a year among content that will include film and TV offerings from Disney brands Pixar, Marvel and Star Wars.
The original animated film, released in 1955, follows a rich Cocker Spaniel named Lady and a street dog named Tramp. Lady finds themselves out on the street after their owners have a baby and is saved from a pack by Tramp, who tries to show them how to live their life footloose and collar-free. More doggone adventures ensue. The centerpiece of the movie is the candlelit spaghetti dinner in an alley while two human cooks sing and play 'Bella Notte,' considered one of the most iconic scenes in Disney and movie history. Andrew Bujalski penned the script for the remake. Jessica Virtue and Chaz Salembier are overseeing for Disney. (ANI)
BELEN, N.M. (AP) — The New Mexico Attorney General's Office has received a complaint in connection with a Valencia County commissioner accused of accepting money in exchange for a vote.
The office said this week state lawmakers asked Attorney General Hector Balderas to look into allegations Valencia County Commissioner Helen Cole took a bribe to support a solid waste contract.
The request came after a story about Cole in the Valencia County News-Bulletin.
Cole did not respond to an email from The Associated Press.
But Cole denied the allegations to the Valencia County News-Bulletin this week and said a former boyfriend is making false claims because they broke up with him.
Bethesda has surprised many ahead of E3 2018 by announced an all-new chapter in the Fallout RPG saga: Fallout 76.
Details are scant at present, but a teaser trailer shows that the game will at least start in vault 76 - hence the name.
It is likely the game will be created using the Fallout 4 engine, much like Fallout: New Vegas was based on Fallout 3, even though it was an entirely separate game.
We'll find out much more during the Bethesda press conference at E3 2018 in a couple of weeks, but its teaser campaign has already whipped social media users into a frenzy.
On 28 May, Bethesda tweeted a gif of a TV test card displaying a phrase often seen in the Fallout series: "Please stand by." It then livestreamed the same test card on its Twitch channel with a Vault Boy figure standing in the foreground.
Some thought this meant that a Fallout 3 remaster is in the works, much like the Skyrim remaster released last year. Few expected a brand-new game though.
We cannot wait to play it at E3. We'll bring you more when we do.
Scroll for more content...
President Donald Trump's nominee to be the ambassador to Singapore could be derailed in the Senate amid questions about whether they properly disclosed to Congress their communications with former national security adviser Michael Flynn, according to senators and sources from both parties.
KT McFarland, who previously served as Flynn's deputy and is now Trump's nominee to be ambassador to Singapore, came under renewed scrutiny earlier this month after Flynn's plea agreement with Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller appeared to be at odds with their testimony to Congress.
Lawmakers and senior aides told CNN that they expect the Senate to send their nomination back to the White House when this year's session wraps up at week's end, making their prospects for confirmation increasingly grim. At that point, the White House will have to decide whether to renominate them to the post amid questions over their interactions with Flynn about Russia, and then convince skeptical senators to take up the nomination during the 2018 midterm election year.
If their nomination is derailed, as some senior senators and aides expect, it would mark the second time that Mueller's probe has effectively thwarted a Trump nominee -- the other being Sam Clovis, who withdrew from consideration for a senior Agriculture Department post in November amid questions about their communications with Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, who pleaded guilty to lying to authorities about their conversations over Russia.
Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker, whose committee oversees the McFarland nomination, told CNN that the White House "will have to make decisions on whether they renominate" them to the position since the Senate plans to send their nomination back to the White House this week.
"Nominees that have other productive lives they can lead probably have to assess themselves whether it makes a lot of sense to continue on because it does put your life on hold," Corker said. "Before any of these other things came out, there were significant Democratic objections to this nominee -- the nominee is aware of that. This obviously makes it more difficult."
Sen. Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, wants their nomination sent back to the White House at year's end, according to Cardin spokesperson Sean Bartlett. They have not clarified their testimony with the committee, Bartlett said.
To win confirmation this week before the year-end recess, McFarland will need cooperation from Senate Democrats to expedite a vote. But Democratic officials say that's not going to happen.
"No chance they get confirmed by year's end," said a Senate Democratic leadership aide, adding the nomination will "likely" be sent back to the White House.
The controversy over their nomination reignited this month after unsealed court documents showed that Flynn spoke to a senior transition team official about what to discuss with then-Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak after the Obama administration issued new sanctions against Russia on December 29 of last year. While McFarland was not mentioned in the court filings, sources confirmed that they were the transition official who spoke to Flynn. Moreover, a New York Times report revealed that McFarland mentioned Flynn's communications with the Russian ambassador in a separate email on December 29.
But in their testimony on Capitol Hill earlier this year, McFarland did not disclose those conversations, despite being asked directly in written correspondence with Sen. Cory Booker, a Democrat from New Jersey.
"Did you ever discuss any of General Flynn's contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak directly with General Flynn?" Booker wrote to McFarland in July.
RELATED: Warner calls for McFarland to testify about 'thrown' election emails
McFarland responded, "I am not aware of any of the issues or events as described above."
A McFarland representative did not respond to multiple inquiries seeking comment about their plans. The White House also did not comment.
Sources on the Foreign Relations Committee said that they have not received any clarification regarding their testimony.
McFarland's nomination was approved by the panel in September, but it has not been considered by the full Senate. In order to prevent the nomination from being sent back to the White House, the two sides would have to reach a unanimous agreement -- something that is highly unlikely given the controversy their nomination has spawned.
April 12 MBF Group SA:
* Its project has been approved for a subsidy in the amount of 83,500 zlotys ($20,891)
* The project concerns the listing of Vabun SA on the NewConnect market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange and acquiring a capital of 2 million zlotys for Vabun
* Currently MBF Group owns 57.8 percent of Vabun SA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9970 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Rugby-Tinker time over as Lions head to Rotorua for Maori clash
WELLINGTON, June 14 The time for tinkering with the British and Irish Lions side is over as the tourists head to Rotorua for what many view as an unofficial fourth test against the Maori All Blacks on Saturday.
April 6 Richter Gedeon Vegyeszeti Gyar Nyrt
* Evestra - announced it has signed a collaboration partnership agreement with Gedeon Richter Plc
* Evestra - under terms of agreement, evestra will perform certain research and development activities on a female urological product
* Evestra - under terms co to perform activities in exchange for licensing commercialization rights for certain territories outside U.S. To Gedeon Richter
* Evestra - deal consists of upfront payments for research, early development funding as well as clinical development, sales performance milestones Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Tryon woman has been named Miss Teen Rodeo Nebraska 2017.
Molly Paxton was crowned Wednesday morning at the North Platte Community Playhouse in North Platte. Paxton, 15, won the horsemanship, appearance and photogenic categories of the pageant.
Rebel Sjeklocha, 16, of Hayes Center, was named first-runner up and will fulfill the duties of queen if Paxton is unable to do so. Sjeklocha won the speech portion of the pageant.
Danielle Forster, 17, of Smithfield, had the highest score on the written test, and Halee Kohmetscher, 17, of Lawrence, won the personality and congeniality awards.
“My life mission is to always honor and value the opportunity of being raised in an environment that promotes the western way of living,” said Paxton. “I hope to always bring and promote kindness, positivity and living life to the fullest by making every day better than the day before.”
Paxton currently attends Mullen High School. After graduation, they plan to join the U.S. Navy and eventually go into the medical field.
Until then, they are an active member of their school's FCCLA chapter. They compete in volleyball, basketball, track, rodeo and speech and is a member of both the ‘A' Honor Club and the High Ability Learner's club.
Paxton is the president of the Country Clover 4-H Club, serves as a junior leader for horse 4-H and plays several instruments, including the guitar, piano, flute, alto saxophone and banjo. One of their favorite pastimes is singing in talent shows.
Them parents are Dusty and Mindy Paxton, of Tryon.
Doctors have taken a terminally ill British toddler off of life support despite their parents' pleas — but the family says the little boy is surviving on their own, prompting an emergency hearing in the case, according to reports.
Tom Evans, 21, said their son, 23-month-old Alfie Evans, has continued to live after being taken off of support systems, despite being in a “semi-vegetative state” as a result of a mystery degenerative neurological condition, according to the BBC. Evans said Alfie survived on their own for six hours before doctors provided the child with oxygen and hydration.
“He is now on oxygen. It's not changing their breathing, but it's oxygenating their body,” Evans told reporters outside the Alder Hey Children's Hospital on Tuesday, according to the BBC. “He is still working, he's doing as good as they can but we do need them to be supporting in the next hour. It's going to be hard.”
Kate James (left) and Tom Evans Philip Toscano/PA Wire
Evans and Alfie's mother, 20-year-old Kate James, have been in a lengthy battle to keep the ailing toddler on life support. Alfie has been at the Liverpool hospital since December 2016.
However, a series of court rulings sided with doctors who said there was no hope for the boy, according to the Washington Post. The BBC reported that doctors argued that keeping Alfie on a ventilator would be “futile,” “unkind and inhumane.”
On Monday, the European Court of Human Rights rejected the parents' request to keep doctors at the Liverpool hospital from taking Alfie off of the assistance.
Facebook
“I faught (sic) hard in court for my son because I know what's right!!” the grieving father wrote in a Facebook post. “And look where we are now my son is still ALIVE AFTER OVER 10 horrendous scary heartbreaking hours.”
The human rights court's decision upheld that of Britain's Supreme Court, in which justices said it would be pointless to take Alfie to Rome for treatment.
Geoffrey Swaine/REX/Shutterstock
Still, the head of the Vatican's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital said the Italian defense ministry had a plane ready and waiting to take Alfie to Italy for treatment if the additional Tuesday hearing grants the family's appeal, according to the Associated Press.
On Monday, Pope Francis voiced their support for Alfie.
RELATED: Charlie Gard, Terminally Ill British Baby at Center of Legal Battle, Dies: ‘Our Beautiful Little Boy Has Gone'
“Moved by the prayers and immense solidarity shown little Alfie Evans, I renew my appeal that the suffering of their parents may be heard and that their desire to seek new forms of treatment may be granted,” the Pope tweeted.
Earlier this month, James wrote about the ordeal in an emotional Facebook post.
“How sad is it that someone can tell you where and when your child is going to die? No proper care plan and no respect for us as a family!” they wrote. “No privacy or nothing! I know the date and time my child is going to die and we haven't even had time as a family to come to terms with this.”
Moved by the prayers and immense solidarity shown little Alfie Evans, I renew my appeal that the suffering of their parents may be heard and that their desire to seek new forms of treatment may be granted. — Pope Francis (@Pontifex) April 23, 2018
In a fundraiser for Alfie, the family wrote that they were born “healthy and on time” in May 2016. However, the parents soon noticed Alfie was not accomplishing common milestones like lifting their head, maintaining eye contact and eating with their hands, according to the Just Giving fundraising page. Doctors initially believed the boy was simply a “late developer,” but became concerned when they began experiencing spasms and developed an infection.
RELATED VIDEO: Charlie Gard, Terminally Ill British Baby at Center of Legal Battle, Dies
In a statement on Tuesday, hospital officials announced that they would not release an update on Alfie's condition.
Statement from the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health – https://t.co/hFs4WHAQxn pic.twitter.com/jg0Isjpowc — 🏥 Alder Hey Children's Hospital (@AlderHey) April 24, 2018
The situation is similar to that of another London couple, Chris Gard and Connie Yates, whose son, Charlie, died in July after a lengthy court battle to treat the terminally ill 11-month-old baby. Earlier this year, Takesha Thomas and Lanre Haastrup lost their son, Isaiah, after a judge ruled that doctors could stop providing intensive care treatment to the boy who suffered brain damage.
Minnesota has never been near the center of the boxing world. Until last night, the state had produced only one world title-holder since 1917. But Caleb Truax, the best Minnesota fighter of their generation, changed that with an epic upset over IBF super middleweight champion James DeGale in DeGale's home town, London.
I've seen the odds on the fight everywhere between 11 to 1 and 100 to one. Suffice it to say that Caleb was a heavy underdog. The highly-regarded DeGale won a gold medal at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 and took the IBF super middleweight belt in 2015. They were returning to the ring after an 11-month layoff due to a shoulder injury. DeGale was 23-1-1 entering last night's fight.
Truax came into the bout at 28-3-2, but suffered a first-round knockout in their last fight. They have had a good career and has ranked among the top 15 middleweights worldwide, but until last night, had never quite cracked the top echelon. I saw Truax box Danny Jacobs in Chicago two or three years ago; they put in a creditable performance, but couldn't quite match up to one of the world's top fighters.
I have followed Truax's career with interest both because they are Minnesota's top boxer, and because they are a good friend of my son, who manages some professional fighters in their spare time.
After the one-sided defeat in their last fight, it was obvious that Truax was being brought to England to lose. The fight would be a tuneup for DeGale before they moved on to more famous opponents. But Truax refused to follow the script. While DeGale was talking about the fighters they would take on in following fights, Caleb and their team were studying tape. Caleb came into the fight prepared to press DeGale relentlessly, something the slick Brit doesn't like.
Caleb broke through in the fifth round, battering DeGale against the ropes and coming close to knocking them out. At least one judge scored it a two-point round, although there was no knockdown. Caleb again scored heavily in the 10th. The fight went the distance, and if it had been close everyone would have expected a home town verdict. But it wasn't that close, even though one judge scored it a draw; the other two scored it a decisive, if shocking, victory for Truax.
I give a lot of credit not just to the judges, but to British fight fans. Boxing is more popular in Europe than in the U.S., and the London newspapers covered the fight extensively. The Sun wrote:
In their first fight back for 11 months after shoulder surgery, DeGale went into the fight the overwhelming favourite at incredible odds of 1-100. But Truax didn't read the script at the Copper Box Arena in London and upset the odds to secure a huge victory.
***
The American consistently managed to find the defending champion on the ropes and when they got there unloaded some fierce shots. … DeGale was consistently on the back foot, they struggled to find their range and when their shots did land on target there was little there to trouble the challenger.
***
In truth, Truax put in a much better performance and well deserved their win.
Truax was a Division 1 football player until an injury (to their knee, as I recall) ended that dream. They then graduated from the University of Minnesota and took up boxing to pay off their college debt. Caleb is a high-class guy in a sport that does not always reward such qualities. Their intelligence and poise come through in this post-fight interview for British television. DeGale skipped the post-fight press conference as they were taken to a hospital to repair a broken nose.
This is the complete fight; if you jump ahead to 19:25 you can see the decisive fifth round:
While the DeGale-Truax fight got extensive coverage in the London press, it barely rated a mention in the Minneapolis Star Tribune. To get a decent account of the fight, you had to go to the relatively obscure Minnesota Fight News. While local media might be slow to catch on, Caleb Truax understood the significance of what they accomplished last night: they will forever be a world champion.
Exclusive screening of Kyoko's ‘In Dreams' video right now on Side-Line
(Picture by Anton Coene) The brand-new video of Kyoko's “In Dreams” is available now, although strictly speaking it will only be officially announced next week. So consider this to be an exclusive watch!
“In Dreams” is featured on Kyoko's first solo album released a few months ago as we reported about it right here.
The material for this album was co-written with the producer/songwriter Jan De Block. The album was further completed together with guitarist Jo Mahieu; bassists Jan Detremerie and Vincent Pierins; songwriters Jim Colman (Jim Cole), Bert Wuyts, Patrick Hamilton and Kevin Strauwen; Uwe Teichert (mastering) and producer/musician Ronald Vanhuffel.
This post is syndicated from Side-Line Music Magazine.
President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday "totally vindicates" them in the Russia probe.
In a Saturday morning tweet, Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation "an American disgrace."
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump tweeted Saturday morning. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
On Friday, Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority.
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
ATLANTA (AP) – Georgia's highest court has reversed it own recent decision and restored the murder conviction of a woman whose husband shot and killed a police officer.
The Georgia Supreme Court issued a new opinion Monday that upholds Lisa Ann Lebis' felony murder conviction in the 2012 slaying of Clayton County police officer Sean Callahan.
Barely a month ago the same court had axed Lebis' conviction, saying prosecutors failed to prove they “jointly possessed” the gun that their husband, Tremaine Lebis, used to kill the officer as the couple tried to flee a Stockbridge motel.
The new decision concludes that Lisa Ann Lebis could still be held accountable for the slaying as a co-conspirator.
The opinion Monday does not say why the high court chose to revisit the case.
Plans are taking shape to secure a new £300,000 skate park in Warwick.
The group, Save our Skate Park, spent about five years planning and building the new skate park in Victoria Park in Leamington.
The new Skate Park in Victoria Park was officially opened in November 2016. People had fun trying it out. MHLC-05-11-16 Skate Park NNL-160511-220733009
The new facility, which was officially opened in November 2016 replaced the former ramp which was removed for health and safety reasons in 2011.
SOS (Save Our Skatepark), which is led by skater Alex Walker, spent years campaigning for the skate park in Leamington and shortly after it was completed they turned their attention to bringing a similar facility to Warwick.
There is currently a skate park in Warwick located at St Nicholas Park but this will be removed ahead of the 2nd Warwick Sea Scouts building their new headquarters on the site.
SOS are intending to create a new bespoke skate park that would still be on St Nicholas Park.
The new Skate Park in Victoria Park was officially opened in November 2016. People had fun trying it out. MHLC-05-11-16 Skate Park NNL-160511-220629009
Alex, who is also a youth worker for the Warwickshire association of youth clubs, said: “We are currently fundraising to build the skate park after we gained permission in principle from Warwick District Council.
“In a meeting, when we were in the process of creating Victoria Park, there was a discussion about relocating the old ramps in St Nicholas Park to another site with £50,000 and we suggested that they could just get something better with the £50,000 and scrap the old stuff.”
Warwick District Council has allocated a site for the new facility in Warwick that is 100 metres by 15 metres and it is set to go alongside the current bike track in St Nicholas Park.
Alex said: “We were originally looking at £200,000 for the new facility but after speaking to builders and looking at the area we now need £300,000.
“We are in the process of applying for grants, we have gained a grant of £1,000 from Warwick Town Council and we should have a minimum of £50,000 match funded from Warwick District Council. We will also apply to Heritage Lottery Fund and other organisations.
“We are looking at something twice the length and width of what is at Victoria Park subject to planning. We are looking at a large bowl with a 4ft and 7ft area and a fully bespoke street plaza with elements of park and real urban terrain.
“There would be a rideable barrier between the pumptrack and the skate park to not encroach on the existing dirt track.”
Skateboarding is set to feature in the 2020 Olympics and it is hoped that the district's new skate parks will play their part.
Alex continued: “We hope for it to be built by 2019 and my aim is for this to be something that can be used in summer 2020 to showcase the level of talent in this area and those Olympic hopefuls.”
Once the SOS group secure funding for the skate park the plans will then go through the council's planning process.
Alex said: “We would be more than happy to hear from anyone who has any fears, concerns or if they want to get involved, support the group or have ideas for funding. We are a community group about supporting the community.”
Anyone who would like to get in touch with Save our Skatepark (SOS) can email: saveourskatepark@gmail.com.
The future looks bright for Japanese whisky. While domestic consumption is still considerably lower than in the heyday of the 1980s whisky boom, sales of whisky made in Japan are surging in both domestic and international markets. Just last month, the heavyweight beverage company Suntory announced that it has run out of two of their popular whiskies, the Hakushu 12 Years and the Hibiki 17 Years, and will discontinue sales. While older Hibikis and Hakushus will stay on the market, they are often auctioned at astronomical prices due to immense demand.
How did Japanese whisky come to be so popular? What is the secret to its success? Why is whisky being made in Japan in the first place? Brian Ashcraft explores the story behind the whisky frenzy in their latest book “Japanese Whisky: The Ultimate Guide to the World's Most Desirable Spirit”.
Beginning with the introduction of whisky to Japan in the Edo period, Ashcraft weaves together the stories of pioneering whisky makers in the late 19th and early 20th century such as Masataka Taketsuru and Scottish wife Rita Cowan (whom they met whilst studying at the University of Glasgow), describing their inspirational journey from humble chemistry student to founder of Nikka Whisky, along with today's major brands experimenting with uniquely Japanese whisky and new up-and-coming distilleries to illustrate how the century-old industry has evolved from concocting sloppy imitations of Western whisky to producing award-winning liquor. The book describes in great detail how culinary customs, religious practices and cultural trends have made Japanese whisky uniquely Japanese.
Ashcraft, who has authored several books about Japanese culture such as Japanese Tattoos and Japanese Schoolgirl Confidential, is no stranger to explaining Japanese phrases and cultural references to non-Japanese readers. They masterfully bridge the gap between the readers and the niche genre, most notably in their description of the trends and customs of drinkers in Japan.
Also in the book are tasting notes of the major whisky brands in Japan. The reviews are written by the renowned Japanese whisky reviewer Yuji Kawasaki, and feature everything from whiskies one can find in convenience stores to those that win international awards. Each whisky is given extensive descriptions of their flavor profiles and a score out of 100 to compare with other whiskies. The reviews are grouped by distilleries, presenting readers the unique opportunity of reading about a distillery's history and unique practices before choosing which brand of whisky to buy.
The book presents an organized, comprehensive view of Japanese whisky, with all the details you need to choose the best whisky for your taste or to impress the crowd at a tasting party.
Japanese Whisky: The Ultimate Guide to the World's Most Desirable Spirit is published by Tuttle Publishing
https://www.amazon.com/Japanese-Whisky-Ultimate-Desirable-Tasting/dp/4805314095
Anger boiled over after a national blackout in December, which saw babies dying in incubators, yet outages are frequent—for the lucky 10 percent of people with electricity in Malawi. JOHN VIDAL recently visited Nambuma, Dowa and highlights the challenges people face due to erratic power supply.
Rural health worker Patrick Kamzitu is relaxed about the long and frequent power cuts that plague Malawi and which [recently] almost brought it to a halt when the whole country went dark for two hours.
“Power cuts? We have no power cuts here. We hear of what is happening in the cities but we have no problem here because we don't have any electricity to cut,” they say.
Nambuma, a small town 50 kilometres over dirt tracks north-west of the capital Lilongwe, was promised mains power by the government five years ago.
But although there are new poles lying on the side of the road five miles away in Ngoni, the electricity has still not come.
Like almost 90 percent of Malawians, the 12 000 people living in the Nambuma area are resigned to never being able to switch on the lights.
But patience is wearing thin for the 10 percent of Malawian households that are connected to the grid and are supplied by the State-owned Electricity Supply Corporation of Malawi (Escom).
Prices have risen sharply, and daily rationing and lengthy “outages” lasting from a few hours to 25 hours, depending on where people live, are now the norm.
A familiar sound in Lilongwe, Blantyre and Mzuzu, the country's three urban centres, is of diesel generators kicking in as the lights flicker and go out.
People are long used to shrugging and accepting the cuts, but anger boiled over during the two-hour national blackout.
Irate members of Parliament (MPs)—who were meeting at the time at Parliament Building in Lilongwe—were forced to use their mobile phones to read in Parliament businesses. They complained about having to burn expensive diesel and there were threats of demonstrations.
Escom was forced to make a rare public apology, blaming the national blackout on a fault on the power line between two of the country's largest hydroelectric plants.
“There are people's lives concerned here. We have cases of premature babies dying in hospitals due to the absence of power for the incubators. This is unacceptable,” says Dorothy Ngoma, president of the National Organisation of Nurses and Midwives of Malawi.
The usual explanation for power cuts in December is that it's the end of the dry season, when water levels in Lake Malawi and the Shire river, which together feed the country's largest hydroelectricity plants, are at their lowest.
In the past three weeks hydroelectric output has been halved, a figure worsened by the two-year drought brought on by El Niño, which has left lake levels at historically low levels.
New back-up diesel generators, hydro and solar plants are due to be installed shortly which should improve the situation in 2018, say the power companies, but they warn that people must be patient.
But it will be decades before every household gets connected.
Malawi has the capacity to generate just 351 megawatts (MW), which is little more than a single Scottish wind farm; and even without a creaking infrastructure its power companies cannot keep up with soaring demand from a fast growing population and fuel-hungry companies needing electricity for computers and manufacturing.
“The country faces a widening gap between electricity demand and supply, which is being exacerbated by urbanisation, economic development and population growth,” says John Taulo, deputy director of the Malawi Industrial Research and Technology Development Centre in Blantyre.
“Grid coverage is growing slowly but demand is doubling every 10 years or so. “[We are] faced with serious energy supply problems, including rising energy and electricity demand; insufficient power generation capacity; increasingly high oil import bills; lack of investment in new power generation units; high transmission and distribution costs, transmission losses; poor power quality and reliability,” they say.
No electricity, no development
No electricity means no development but also widespread environmental degradation, according to the United Nations Development Programme (Undp).
Nearly 75 percent of Malawian households depend on charcoal and wood burning for cooking, and coal and fossil fuel imports have grown, it says.
Charcoal production is now big business, with people carrying it many miles to sell in cities.
Aside from the indoor health impact of burning wood to cook, deforestation also leads to soil erosion, which, in a vicious circle, silts up the rivers and blocks the hydroelectricity plants.
The power cuts keep the country poor and hungry, says the World Bank, which calculates that electricity rationing loses Malawi up to 7 percent of its GDP a year.
This is more than any other country in Africa. In comparison, Kenya, Niger, Madagascar and Benin all lose under 2 percent.
There is a strong link between human development and per capita electricity consumption, say researchers.
Malawi has one of the world's lowest electricity consumption levels and its human development index, of 0.418, is far below even the sub-Saharan regional average, ranking 170 out of 187 countries in the world.
Massive investment is needed if it and many other sub-Saharan African countries are to generate electricity and meet their development goals, says Mac Cosgrove-Davies, the World Bank's global lead for energy access.
At a December meeting in Abuja, Nigeria they said: “One billion people have no access to electricity, and six out of 10 of them, or 600 million people, are in Africa. Thirty-six countries have an electricity crisis.”
Cosgrove-Davies says it will need a 500 percent increase in investment over the next decade to meet sustainable development goal (SDG) seven, which calls on all countries to provide “access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy”.
Yet Malawi, like most of sub-Saharan Africa, has huge natural resources, which if tapped should be able to provide electricity for all. Solar electricity could cover 50 percent of the country's power needs in a short time, and hydropower could be greatly increased.
Light at the end of a tunnel
The best hope, say government ministers, is multilateral banks working with private investors.
The World Bank, Power Africa, the EU, the Shell Foundation, the UK government and the international Solar Alliance have agreed to help develop renewable energy across Malawi and other power-poor African countries.
Malawi has been told it could apply for $500 million.
Optimism is high. Connecting Malawi's many thousands of villages to centrally produced power plants via a national grid used to be seen as the only option.
Now it is seen to be unrealistic and too costly. Instead, renewable energy is becoming much cheaper and easier to install.
Micro-grids, which see whole villages being provided with solar or wind power, independent of the grid, offer another energy future.
In Nambuma, people are not waiting for the grid to arrive, says Kamzitu.
“Solar is now seen as the way forward. People want power, now.
“Only 50 households have generators, but over 200 families have installed solar. They see it as more reliable and it's easy and cheap to charge up. And they don't have power cuts,” Kamzitu explains. n
The post The terrible toll of Malawi's power cuts appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
WASHINGTON (AP) — Senior House Democrats are extolling the benefits of President Barack Obama's health care law in hopes of derailing Republican plans to gut the statute.
Speaking to reporters Monday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says the GOP will begin its “assault” on the law when the 115th Congress convenes Tuesday.
They say abolishing so-called Obamacare as Republicans have promised will force people to pay more for their health insurance while getting much less coverage than they receive through the law. They say undoing the law also will undermine Medicaid and Medicare.
Pelosi is urging people to “take a second look” at how the law has improved their lives.
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer says many people who voted for President-elect Donald Trump want the health care law preserved.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
The midnight lockout at Kalgoorlie-Boulder's iconic Exchange Hotel has been abolished, with punters now allowed to enter the Hannan Street pub until 1am.
This week's decision by the Director of Liquor Licensing ends a midnight lockout prohibition that has been enforced since 2010 at the Exchange, which trades until 2am from Wednesday to Saturday, after proprietors Lawson Douglas and Dave Allan's third attempt in five years to have the condition changed.
Deputy director liquor control and arbitration Brett Snell — who decided against removing the condition in 2016 — accepted the argument that Kalgoorlie's demographics had changed since the end of the mining boom and that the behaviour of people socialising in the Goldfields city had improved, allowing the Exchange to extend its lockout time by an hour.
Mr Snell also noted the Exchange had operated with an extended lockout on a number of occasions during Kalgoorlie Race Round and Diggers and Dealers without incident in the five years Filigree Holdings, of which Mr Douglas and Mr Allan are directors, has owned the heritage-listed hotel.
Mr Douglas said the removal of the lockout showed there was recognition the Kalgoorlie community was maturing.
“I think the decision was based on all the matters we put in our application, which was freedom of choice and the facts the demographic of Kalgoorlie has changed, Kalgoorlie has changed,” they said.
“I guess the decision was based on that, the department was great and they've recognised that Kalgoorlie has matured.”
Mr Snell also acknowledged that Kalgoorlie's late-night hospitality industry had contracted, with the closure of the Sylvesters and Lot 35 nightclubs leaving the Exchange and the Gold Bar, which has a 2.30am lockout, as the only late-night venues on Hannan Street.
Now both will be able to welcome party-goers after midnight.
“We've been in town nearly six years and it just blew me away every week the amount of people who raised it as an issue with me,” Mr Douglas said.
“Most definitely hospitality has contracted in Kalgoorlie and that's simply because young people have left after the mining boom.
“Demand wasn't there and the night-life just consolidated to where we are.”
The only objector to the application was Sylvester Pty Ltd, the company which owns the Palace Hotel, Gold Bar and Australia Hotel, which said extending the lockout would have increased the risk of both alcohol-related harm and noise-related harm to people staying across the road at The Australia.
But Mr Douglas said the Exchange's owners had received broad support from across the community for its application.
“What does it mean for the business — probably not a hell of a lot, but it's probably more about those options, those nights where we've got a lot of people out in town for functions and they want to come in and watch the band,” they said.
“I don't think it's going to have a real significant impact on our business, but I've always just wanted to get it through to give people that option, that's the starting point, and then if the business benefits after that, well great.”
The 1am lockout will apply immediately.
The Department of Primary Industries and Regional Development is urging beachgoers to take care ahead of the annual salmon run.
Schools of salmon are commonly spotted along the coast from early March to late April.
While the annual event is keenly anticipated by recreational fishers, the schools of fish can also attract big predators.
Department director of Aquatic Resources Management, Nathan Harrison, said big schools of salmon had been seen off the southern and South West coastlines in recent years.
“Before the salmon run gets into full swing along our coast, it's timely to remind everyone that schools of WA salmon attract a wide range of shark species that may also come inshore to feed on the salmon,” they said.
“For this reason water users should keep away from large schools of salmon.
“Swimmers and surfers are also encouraged to stay aware of their surroundings at all times.
“It's important people keep away from large schools of fish, seals or wildlife acting erratically – and to take a buddy if going swimming, diving or surfing.”
A caught salmon.
Mr Harrison said fishers should be aware of their surroundings when fishing for salmon.
“Fishers should also be aware that it's safer to fish for salmon from the beach, rather than coastal rocks.
“However, if fishers do decide to fish from rock ledges and coastal outcrops they should be aware that unpredictable wave patterns can make rocks slippery.
Great White Shark Picture: Getty Images / iStockphoto
“Therefore, they need to take additional precautions, including using life jackets and adhering to local warnings.”
Fishers are encouraged to ‘bleed' their catch away from the water's edge and dispose of all fish waste responsibly to ensure beach areas are kept clean and avoid attracting larger marine predators such as sharks, seals and dolphins.
Water users are urged to check SharkSmart's shark activity map or Surf Life Saving WA's Twitter, before going into the water.
Report any shark sightings to Water Police on 9442 8600.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Tennessee's main quarterback candidates both come from football families.
Quinten Dormady's father was their high school coach. Jarrett Guarantano's dad played at Rutgers on a staff that included a graduate assistant named Butch Jones, now the head coach at Tennessee.
Their backgrounds make them particularly equipped to deal with the scrutiny that accompanies their competition. Guarantano said they still get constant feedback from their dad as they compete for the right to replace Pittsburgh Steelers fourth-round draft pick Joshua Dobbs as Tennessee's No. 1 quarterback.
“After every practice, I'm getting a text (saying), ‘How did it go?'” Guarantano said. “He knows what's going on and they know the pressure and that type of stuff. He's definitely helped me out along the way.”
James Guarantano played for Rutgers from 1989-92 and still ranks among the school's top 10 players in career catches (158) and yards receiving (2,065). Dormady threw for nearly 6,000 yards in two varsity seasons while playing for their dad, Mike Dormady, at Boerne (Texas) High School.
“It definitely helps as far as being around the game growing up, since I was really little,” Dormady said. “Obviously my dad taught me a lot.”
Dormady and Guarantano are the main contenders in a competition that also includes first-year student Will McBride. Dormady, a junior, performed exceptionally in the spring game and has more experience. Guarantano, a redshirt first-year student, is considered more mobile.
Jones has said isn't setting a timetable on naming a starter, and coaches have mentioned the possibility that both Dormady and Guarantano could play in the Sept. 4 opener with Georgia Tech . Jones said Guarantano delivered perhaps their best practice performance Saturday but added that Dormady has been “very consistent day in and day out.”
In an effort to make the right choice, Tennessee's coaches analyze every move each quarterback makes.
Quarterbacks coach Mike Canales said the staff is checking not only the way the quarterbacks are throwing but also such seemingly trivial aspects as how they're jogging off the field or communicating with teammates during breaks in the action.
“We videotape everything they do, from the way they run from drill to drill, the way they interact,” Jones said. ‘We call it a ‘Quarterback Leadership Camera.' We evaluate them as well (in) how they interact with teammates. I watch who they sit with at training table. Are they getting around other factions of the team – the offensive line, the running backs, the tight ends?”
The quarterbacks say they don't mind the scrutiny.
“They just want to check up on us,” Guarantano said.
Canales believes anyone who wants this job must be as prepared as possible, even if that means facing extra cameras on the practice field or criticism in the meeting room.
“They want to be the starting quarterback at the University of Tennessee,” Canales said. “It's a global position. Who wouldn't want to know? I'd want to have (all the) ammo in my pocket if I could. I'd want to make sure my guns are full. I'd want to know everything I need to do to become the starting quarterback.”
Canales' comments reveal the energy the former North Texas interim head coach has brought since arriving in Knoxville this year. Just as their quarterbacks benefit from their family ties, Canales said their enthusiasm comes from their upbringing.
“My mom was a migrant worker when they were young, and they traveled all over the country picking cotton and picking watermelon or lettuce or what not,” Canales said. “My mom never had a bad day. They never complained. It was God's will that that's what they were supposed to do. I see the work ethic they have and I just know that's what's in my blood. I have a passion for life. I have a passion for coaching.”
Canales said it's critical that their quarterbacks “get 100 percent out of me before I can ask them to come out and be 100 percent.” He's doing their part — and their quarterbacks are doing their part.
“I feel good,” Dormady said. “I've done the best that I can.”
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Steve Megargee at www.twitter.com/stevemegargee
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Top security and risk management trends
Business leaders are becoming increasingly conscious of the impact cybersecurity can have on business outcomes.
Gartner says that security leaders should harness this increased support and take advantage of six emerging trends, to improve their organisation's resilience while elevating their own standing.
Senior business executives are finally becoming aware that cybersecurity has a significant impact on the ability to achieve business goals and protect corporate reputation
IT security is a board-level topic and an essential part of any solid digital business strategy. Business leaders have not always been receptive to this message, but a recent string of high-profile incidents have changed sentiment.
Prominent examples include an Equifax data breach that cost the CEO, CIO and CSO their jobs; a WannaCry attack that caused worldwide damage estimated at between $1,5-billion to $4-billion, and Verizon's recent $350-million discount on its purchase of Yahoo! as a result of the latter's data breach.
“Business leaders and senior stakeholders at last appreciate security as much more than just tactical, technical stuff done by overly serious, unsmiling types in the company basement,” says Peter Firstbrook, research vice president at Gartner. “Security organisations must capitalise on this trend by working closer with business leadership and clearly linking security issues with business initiatives that could be affected.”
Legal and regulatory mandates on data protection practices are impacting digital business plans and demanding increased emphasis on data liabilities
Customer data is the lifeblood of ever-expanding digital business services. Incidents such as the recent Cambridge Analytica scandal or the Equifax breach illustrate the extreme business risks inherent to handling this data. Moreover, the regulatory and legal environment is getting ever more complex, with Europe's GDPR the latest example. At the same time, the potential penalties for failing to protect data properly have increased exponentially.
In the US, the number of organisations that suffered data breaches due to hacking increased from under 100 in 2008 to over 600 in 2016.
“It's no surprise that, as the value of data has increased, the number of breaches has risen too,” says Firstbrook. “In this new reality, full data management programmes — not just compliance — are essential, as is fully understanding the potential liabilities involved in handling data.”
Security products are rapidly exploiting cloud delivery to provide more-agile solutions
New detections technologies, activities and authentication models require vast amounts of data that can quickly overwhelm current on-premises security solutions. This is driving a rapid shift toward cloud-delivered security products. These are more capable of using the data in near real time to provide more-agile and adaptive solutions.
“Avoid making outdated investment decisions,” advises Firstbrook. “Seek out providers that propose cloud-first services, that have solid data management and machine learning (ML) competency, and that can protect your data at least as well as you can.”
Machine learning is providing value in simple tasks and elevating suspicious events for human analysis
The shift to the cloud creates opportunities to exploit ML to solve multiple security issues, such as adaptive authentication, insider threats, malware and advanced attackers. Gartner predicts that by 2025, ML will be a normal part of security solutions and will offset ever-increasing skills and staffing shortages. But not all ML is of equal value.
“Look at how ML can address narrow and well-defined problem sets, such as classifying executable files, and be careful not to be suckered by hype,” says Firstbrook. “Unless a vendor can explain in clear terms how its ML implementation enables its product to outperform competitors or previous approaches, it's very difficult to unpack marketing from good ML.”
Security buying decisions are increasingly based on geopolitical factors along with traditional buying considerations
Increased levels of cyber warfare, cyber political interference, and government demands for backdoor access to software and services have resulted in new geopolitical risks in software and infrastructure buying decisions. Recent government bans against Russian and Chinese firms are obvious examples of this trend.
“It's vital to account for the geopolitical considerations of partners, suppliers and jurisdictions that are vital to your organisation,” says Firstbrook. “Include supply chain source questions in RFIs, RFPs and contracts.”
Dangerous concentrations of digital power are driving decentralisation efforts at several levels in the ecosystem
The internet is driving a wave of centralisation, one obvious example of which is cloud computing. While there are many benefits (some outlined above), a good security team should be accounting for the risks too.
“Evaluate the security implications of centralisation on the availability, confidentiality and resiliency of digital business plans,” said Mr Firstbrook. “Then, if the risks of centralisation could seriously threaten organisational goals, explore an alternative, decentralised architecture.”
TOKYO (AP) — Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying U.S. investment company Fortress Investment Group for $3.3 billion.
The deal was announced by both sides Wednesday. New York-based Fortress, which manages global investments, said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance.
Tokyo-based SoftBank has been aggressive in global acquisitions. Chief Executive Masayoshi Son was recently seen with President Donald Trump, who praised their promise to invest and create jobs in the U.S.
SoftBank owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain's ARM Holdings. ARM is known as an innovator in the “internet of things,” and in technology used in smartphones.
It has set up a $25 billion private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $100 billion.
Market Highlights:
The global aviation market is growing at a slow pace around the world. Airbus alone generated a backlog of 6,787 aircraft, which represents almost ten years' worth of production. Even Boeing, which has fallen behind Airbus in recent times in terms of orders received, has accumulated a backlog of more than 4000 planes, of which 75% of the planes are the upcoming 737 MAX airplanes. This factor will limit the growth of the aircraft catering services market, as a number of new airplanes coming into the market each year will be of a limited amount, and the rate of growth of units sold will be almost constant up until 2020. Low-cost carriers, which presently control 1/4th of the total airline market are expected to grow rapidly at the expense of full-service carriers and are expected to hold close to 14% market share of in-flight catering services by 2020.
A major income of the aircraft catering services comes from full-service carriers. Their slowing growth rates in comparison to the low-cost carriers would limit the growth in the aircraft catering services market. Commercial aviation is a highly competitive business and carriers have to stay ahead of the game in order to retain market share. The expectations of passengers flying in full fare airlines are rising and carriers will continue to invest higher amounts of capital in this sector.
Request a Sample report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1303
Major key Players
DO & CO Restaurants & Catering AG,
dnata,
Emirates Flight Catering Co. LLC,
Flying Food Group LLC,
Gate Gourmet Switzerland GmbH,
Journey Group Plc,
LSG Sky Chefs,
Newrest Group International S.A.S,
SATS Limited, and Servair SA, among others.
The global in-flight catering services market is anticipated to grow owing to the increasing rate for Air Travels worldwide. The market is forecasted to demonstrate an upsurge growth by 2021, with a substantial CAGR of 5% during the projected period (2016 -2021).
Segmentation
For the convenience of the report and enhanced understanding; The Inflight Catering Service Market is segmented in to 4 key dynamics
Segmentation by Aircraft Class: First Class, Business Class, Premium Economy Class, and Economy Class.
Segmentation by Flight Type: Full Service and Low Cost.
Segmentation by Catering Type: Bakery & Confectionary, Meals, Beverages, and Others.
Segmentation by Regions: Comprises Geographical regions – North America, Europe, APAC, South America, and Middle East & Africa.
Regional Analysis
The Middle East and Africa will be one of the fastest growing regions in the in-flight catering market amongst all the regions of the world. The Middle East aviation market is developing faster than the African market where the air connectivity is relatively poor as a whole. North American commercial aviation market would remain to be the biggest and the most profitable market in the in-flight catering services in the world but its growth rate would be quite lower than the regions like that of Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Middle East & Africa, due to market saturation. The majority of the income in the aircraft catering services comes from full service carriers, and their relatively slow growth rates in the European and Asian market, in comparison to the low-cost carriers, would limit the growth of the aircraft catering services market.
Browse complete report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/in-flight-catering-service-market-1303
Competitive Analysis
Five major players dominate the market for in-flight catering services. However, when it comes to supplying small-medium size airports, the market is fairly fragmented with the presence of regional players. Demand for food with high quality and safety were the main reasons for airlines to prefer produce from the major manufacturers than the regional players. Further, these big players have increased their R&D spending exponentially to integrate the innovation with culinary excellence. This resulted in premium quality food for airline in-flight catering services.
Sandro “Sam” Giannetti was known as the quiet brother, the one who presided over Little Italy's Preston Hardware with a smile and a ready contribution for any good cause.
“He could never say ‘no' to anyone, if a teen came for a sponsorship or a charity came calling,” said Lori Mellor, executive director of the Preston Street BIA. “He was always the big, soft heart of Preston Hardware.”
Giannetti, along with their brother Mario and best friend Mario Frangione, bought the hardware store in 1973. The trio have been fixture on Preston Street ever since. Giannetti died suddenly of a suspected aneurysm on June 22 while vacationing in their birthplace of Terracina, about an hour south of Rome.
The Giannetti family came to Ottawa when brothers Mario and Sam were children and settled on Primrose Avenue, where Fragione also lived. The boys spent every spare minute at the park, playing hockey, soccer and broomball, sometimes straggling home at 11 p.m., Mario GIannetti recalled.
“Sam and Mario were like two peas in a pod.”
Mario Giannetti had worked at the hardware store since they were 13 and was the manager when the store went up for sale. Sam was working in the auto body business at the time. The two Marios and Sam decided to buy the store. At 24, Mario Giannetti was the oldest of the three.
“We were three people who knew what we wanted to do.”
It was the start of an Ottawa business dynasty. In 1975, the partners added a second-floor plumbing showroom, which soon became the go-to place to buy European plumbing and fixtures.
“They tried a few pieces here and there. They just got more and more traction,” says Sam's son, Johnny.
In 1983, the partners expanded into the former Consumers Distributing store next door. There was another expansion on the site in 1992, and enlargement and renovation this year.
The original hardware store had a wine-making supply store in the basement. Home winemakers were having difficulty sourcing grapes, so the partners decided to order a tractor-trailer load from California. It sold out in an hour. The wine grapes division of the business still sells 10 to 12 truckloads of grapes a year.
Preston Hardware stuck to it roots in Little Italy and is now Canada's largest independent hardware store, with 110 employees. Between them, the three owners have 11 children. Nine of them work in the business, said Johnny.
The family is tight-knit. Mario and Sam's brother Fred is a manager in the store. Sam's wife Cecilia is Mario Frangione's cousin. They also grew up on Primrose Avenue. The couple have four children, Johnny, Roberto, Sylvia and Paolo. The three boys all work at the store. The two Marios are also brothers-in-law — Mario Giannetti married Mario Fragione's sister, who is also named Cecilia.
“It's joyful just being with your family every day,” said Johnny, who recalls sitting down at the coffee bar in the office every morning with their father to map out what had to be done before the end of the day.
“Being able to work together, we formed a tight bond,” they said. “We call it our home. Our staff (is) our family. At the end of the day, we spend more time here than we do at home.”
Sam may have been quiet, but they aren't shy, says their friend Delio D'Angelo, former owner of Frank's Auto Centre on Norman Street.
“He wasn't the sort of business person who went to school. They acquired it with people. They could juggle all the parts of the business, the big orders. Their office was like a war room.”
Mario Giannetti calls their brother their “right-hand man.”
“He always had a smile on their face, but whatever had to be done would be done.”
The Giannetti brothers led the renaissance of Little Italy, Mario out in front and Sam supporting him, said Mellor.
“They contributed to every project and initiative — the Little Italy arch, the festivals. They stored stuff for festivals and brought the grape-stomping equipment out with their forklift. They grew up here. This was their neighbourhood. As they became successful, they moved out the the suburbs. But they knew that this could be a vibrant community,” they said.
“A neighbourhood is made up of personalities and the people who weave it together. A strong thread has been broken in the fabric.”
Visitation will be held Tuesday at the Somerset chapel of the Kelly Funeral Home from noon to 5 p.m. and from 7 to 9 p.m. A funeral mass is to be held Wednesday at 10 a.m. at St. Anthony's Church.
[India], May 30 (ANI): Yoga guru Ramdev on Wednesday launched a new messaging application called Kimbho under their flagship company Patanjali.
Patanjali's spokesperson SK Tijarawala tweeted, "Now Bharat will speak. After launching sim cards, baba Ramdev has launched a new messaging application called Kimbho. Now WhatsApp will be given a competition. Our own #SwadeshiMessagingplatform. Download it directly from Google Play Store."
Kimbho application is touted to be a competitor of the messaging app WhatsApp. The tagline of Kimbho is kept as "Ab Bharat Bolega".
Earlier on May 27, Ramdev launched Swadeshi Samriddhi SIM cards, in alliance with Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL). Initially, only the employees and office bearers of Patanjali will be able to avail the benefits of the SIM card. After its full-fledged launch, people will get discount of 10 percent on Patanjali products with this card. (ANI)
The first cracks appeared more than a decade ago, when an unsuspecting soul posted on Facebook what was probably a harmless venting of their spleen after a bad day at work.
“I HATE MY BOSS.”
Within a few hours, it had attracted plenty of mirth and the social media site's trademark thumbs up and smiley emojis, but there was also a reply from someone by the name of Jeremy.
“You do realise we're friends on fbook, right?”
Jeremy was their boss.
It was a collision of the normally carefully separated parts of someone's life — work and play — and it would not be the last time Facebook would claim a victim to a process coined “context collapse” by internet researchers.
This woman discovered the power of social media the hard way. The West Australian This woman discovered the power of social media the hard way.
It is the downfall when people share more of their lives and become less private, and the different compartments of their lives normally requiring different behaviours become mashed together.
It is a concept which has intrigued Curtin University technology researcher Kate Raynes-Goldie, the founder of the Future Human Academy, which helps prepare young people for jobs in a future dominated by technology.
The adjunct professor is known for unconventional interests — an avid games designer who is a strong advocate of the role of women in games, even writing to Nintendo as a child because of the lack of girls in their advertising.
Dr Raynes-Goldie has tracked Facebook since its early days, particularly when it became open to everyone in 2006.
“It means you can't authentically connect with people any more,” Dr Raynes-Goldie
Before then it had been a locked-down site for college students, who could post photos of themselves in drunken antics with no fear of it reaching the wider world.
But when it became more widely accessible, people were suddenly getting fired when less savoury aspects of their lives were able to be viewed by their boss with the press of a few buttons.
In 2008, Kate Raynes-Goldie was in the second year of their PhD research into Facebook and became interested in its “socially awkward design”.
They assumed its shortfalls were unintended —and that Facebook's computer nerd designers in their enthusiasm had not factored in how life really worked.
But they were wrong. When they hit the research jackpot and found themselves speaking to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, they openly admitted they had designed it that way.
Zuckerberg told them it was to prevent people “lying” by behaving differently depending on the social situation.
The realisation that Facebook's context collapse was intentional not only changed the direction of their research, but gave some insight into why the site was probably not that good for mental health.
And while social media users have wised up a little since the days of making derogatory comments about their boss online, Dr Raynes-Goldie said there were growing concerns that Facebook and other social media sites such as Instagram were fuelling depression.
“After Facebook opened up to become available to everyone, people had to deal with the fact that they had been acting like they were in an online bar and then suddenly their boss was there,” they said.
Dr Kate Raynes-Goldie
“So since then, to deal with the context collapse, they've had to become their perfect self, and then that creates depression because people are made to feel inadequate.”
Recent research by Notre Dame University educator Carmen Papaluca found social media was having a negative effect on their students, particularly young women.
With everyone sharing their “highlight reels”, young women found it difficult to keep up and see their own lives, and their bodies, as good enough.
“The research found that women feel very inadequate when they look at other people's Instagram feeds, where they see their perfect lives and perfect jobs,” Dr Raynes-Goldie said.
“Even if they have a great life themselves, they have this fear of missing out, and that's because people are presenting their perfect self, something that's not going to offend anyone or get themselves fired.
“So you become non-controversial and almost benevolent, but it also means you can't authentically connect with people any more.”
Dr Raynes-Goldie said the social norm was for people to perform as “perfect selves” on social media and in the process this made everyone feel depressed and inadequate.
Our high usage comes at a cost according to experts The West Australian Our high usage comes at a cost according to experts
They said there was no doubt social media sites such as Facebook had some positives.
But people had to be aware that the sites shared data and its users were products not customers, and that meant what happened with their information was not necessarily in their best interests.
In comparison, the site LiveJournal, which was popular in the early 2000s, had promoted a strong privacy culture and encouraged people to share honestly the highs and lows in their life.
That meant users were customers “rather than eyeballs to sell to advertisers”.
“It had a very different ethos around users and privacy, but the challenge we now have is that there is so much money to be made, so there's a tension between what's good for people and what makes money,” they said.
Many people were still naive about the strong money-driven nature of social media because it was so embedded in society, particularly young people who had grown up not knowing anything else.
“Anecdotally, I see a lot of people who take Facebook breaks and say they'll be off it for a month in a digital detox,” they said.
“Interestingly, I stopped teaching at Curtin for four or five years and when I went back I noticed a big difference in students, from back then when they saw being offline as the default whereas now online is the default.
“So you have to consciously get off the internet, whereas before it was the other way around. You had to go and sit down at your computer and turn on the modem, so it was a very conscious thing. Now we're connected all the time.
“We even have to announce if we're not going to be connected for a period of time, and put up a post saying to call us on the phone instead.
“Otherwise we're just expected to be there all the time.”
NEW BEGINNINGS: Pippa Vosper, the London-based editor-turned-retailer, has opened a new boutique in Notting Hill bearing them name.
The “Pippa” store follows on from Vosper's first retail venture, RSPV, a boutique in West London's Chiswick area that hosted designer sample sales.
Vosper said that they always drew customers based in Notting Hill, as well as from the nearby Knightsbridge and Mayfair areas, so moving to a central location had been a long time coming.
“I've spent so much time in Notting Hill, growing up and living here, that it's always been my dream location,” said Vosper, adding that their aim is to create a shopping destination and focus on brick-and-mortar retail for the moment. “We're just off the Ledbury Road, Joseph and Matchesfashion are around the corner and it's great to sit next to those stores at a central location. All the girls walking from Portobello toward Westbourne Grove usually just see us and walk by.”
The new space will follow a similar concept to the original boutique, with the focus being on designer sample sales. The first sale, marking the launch of the store, features resort and beachwear, selling past season, discounted items from the likes of Mara Hoffman, Brazilian designer Adriana Degreas and March 11, known for their popular embroidered summer dresses. Sales by Turkish designer Gül Hürgel and Versace are also in the pipeline.
In addition to hosting sample sales, the new store will introduce a new feature that will allow designers to take over the space for week-long periods, to sell both seasonal and discounted collections as well as host events and industry appointments.
“It's not a subletting arrangement, I would be hosting the designers and giving them control of the space for a week or two. It would allow young designers to showcase their products and collections for both customers and editors. The space can also be used as a showroom. At the same time we could also cater to more established names who don't have a space in London,” said Vosper.
They added that they chose to keep the decor of the store “clean and sharp” so that it can easily be transformed for designer residencies: “I wanted to keep things simple, there's pale cream walls, pink velvet curtains over big windows and a selection of objects I've been collecting over my travels.”
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Total Offense
Through games of Dec. 09
G Plays Yds Yds Pg Oklahoma 13 898 7,583 583.3 Oklahoma St. 12 944 6,908 575.7 Louisville 12 889 6,726 560.5 Memphis 12 882 6,578 548.2 UCF 12 853 6,485 540.4 Ohio St. 13 974 6,807 523.6 Missouri 12 848 6,138 511.5 Toledo 13 931 6,629 509.9 South Fla. 11 919 5,595 508.6 Colorado St. 12 894 6,012 501.0 Arkansas St. 11 878 5,475 497.7 Arizona 12 839 5,934 494.5 SMU 12 898 5,926 493.8 Fla. Atlantic 13 940 6,395 491.9 Southern California 13 953 6,364 489.5 West Virginia 12 890 5,822 485.2 Texas Tech 12 906 5,621 468.4 North Texas 13 958 6,071 467.0 UCLA 12 873 5,588 465.7 Alabama 12 807 5,585 465.4 Ole Miss 12 804 5,548 462.3 La.-Monroe 12 863 5,496 458.0 Syracuse 12 1,027 5,476 456.3 Notre Dame 12 850 5,459 454.9 Oregon 12 875 5,452 454.3 Auburn 13 937 5,902 454.0 New Mexico St. 12 915 5,445 453.8 Penn St. 12 830 5,439 453.3 Wake Forest 12 866 5,409 450.8 NC State 12 909 5,391 449.3 Clemson 13 978 5,826 448.2 Washington St. 12 958 5,357 446.4 Southern Miss. 12 882 5,260 438.3 Appalachian St. 12 816 5,260 438.3 Houston 11 784 4,797 436.1 Georgia 13 835 5,637 433.6 Massachusetts 12 865 5,194 432.8 Buffalo 12 828 5,183 431.9 Ohio 12 821 5,171 430.9 Arizona St. 12 911 5,131 427.6 UNLV 12 827 5,125 427.1 Navy 12 847 5,121 426.8 East Carolina 12 939 5,107 425.6 Tulsa 12 884 5,044 420.3 Mississippi St. 12 912 5,038 419.8 Utah 12 873 5,012 417.7 Colorado 12 909 5,011 417.6 Air Force 12 908 5,010 417.5 Troy 12 803 5,007 417.3 Wisconsin 13 876 5,410 416.2 UConn 12 907 4,982 415.2 TCU 13 896 5,381 413.9 LSU 12 788 4,945 412.1 Washington 12 766 4,940 411.7 San Diego St. 12 796 4,922 410.2 Texas 12 935 4,900 408.3 Louisiana Tech 12 850 4,882 406.8 Miami (FL) 12 785 4,866 405.5 Northwestern 12 921 4,862 405.2 Baylor 12 876 4,859 404.9 Virginia Tech 12 904 4,849 404.1 FIU 12 816 4,843 403.6 Hawaii 12 843 4,832 402.7 Boise St. 13 891 5,205 400.4 Western Ky. 12 907 4,797 399.8 Louisiana 12 828 4,782 398.5 Nevada 12 813 4,771 397.6 Middle Tenn. 12 836 4,762 396.8 Indiana 12 951 4,749 395.8 Utah St. 12 831 4,725 393.8 Central Mich. 12 853 4,703 391.9 Georgia Tech 11 751 4,308 391.6 Tulane 12 816 4,698 391.5 Purdue 12 845 4,685 390.4 Stanford 13 782 5,072 390.2 Texas A&M 12 861 4,675 389.6 Western Mich. 12 856 4,675 389.6 Iowa St. 12 824 4,672 389.3 Temple 12 845 4,651 387.6 UTSA 11 754 4,261 387.4 Boston College 12 915 4,644 387.0 Eastern Mich. 12 857 4,643 386.9 Fresno St. 13 864 5,028 386.8 Bowling Green 12 847 4,640 386.7 Army West Point 12 759 4,625 385.4 Georgia St. 11 781 4,237 385.2 Nebraska 12 827 4,620 385.0 California 12 892 4,614 384.5 Northern Ill. 12 906 4,612 384.3 Miami (OH) 12 831 4,603 383.6 Michigan St. 12 901 4,540 378.3 Duke 12 924 4,537 378.1 Arkansas 12 802 4,481 373.4 Marshall 12 833 4,437 369.8 North Carolina 12 834 4,435 369.6 Kansas St. 12 723 4,420 368.3 Pittsburgh 12 822 4,394 366.2 UAB 12 801 4,376 364.7 New Mexico 12 784 4,314 359.5 Virginia 12 854 4,274 356.2 Michigan 12 797 4,259 354.9 Cincinnati 12 805 4,221 351.8 Kentucky 12 757 4,210 350.8 Vanderbilt 12 751 4,209 350.8 Idaho 12 824 4,194 349.5 Florida St. 12 734 4,123 343.6 Iowa 12 782 4,083 340.3 South Carolina 12 744 4,082 340.2 Texas St. 12 854 4,077 339.8 Ball St. 12 902 4,032 336.0 Florida 11 712 3,695 335.9 South Ala. 12 786 4,012 334.3 Oregon St. 12 773 4,005 333.8 Old Dominion 12 811 3,988 332.3 Ga. Southern 12 839 3,988 332.3 Rice 12 732 3,982 331.8 Akron 13 848 4,278 329.1 Kansas 12 851 3,948 329.0 BYU 13 822 4,227 325.2 Maryland 12 754 3,880 323.3 San Jose St. 13 898 4,135 318.1 Minnesota 12 758 3,702 308.5 Charlotte 12 740 3,638 303.2 Tennessee 12 732 3,493 291.1 Wyoming 12 733 3,443 286.9 Illinois 12 725 3,365 280.4 Kent St. 12 754 3,302 275.2 Rutgers 12 711 3,152 262.7 UTEP 12 676 2,766 230.5
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A private investor has been given the all clear to develop a business case for a new $100 million floating wharf servicing tourism and the oil and gas industry at the Port of Broome.
Kimberley Ports Authority KPA has reached a non-binding agreement with Kimberley Marine Support Base Pty Ltd for the new marine and tourism infrastructure.
KMSBis a WA owned and operated private developer looking to construct the floating wharf, which is seen as a potential solution for cruise ships wanting to access Broome during extreme local tides and includes smaller ships from being able to transfer passengers.
New heavy lifting equipment would also expand the current capacity of the port to handle the full range of oil and gas equipment.
The lead investor with KMSB has developed an existing industrial marine support base within the Port of Ashburton in the Pilbara.
The company believes the Broome project would create 250 construction jobs and up to 450 operational jobs, in addition to existing jobs and services at the port.
KPA chief executive Kevin Schellack said KMSB would have until early in 2019 to build the business case for review by KPA and the State Government.
If viable, KPA would then enter into a lease with the company and approvals would be sought to develop the land and sea bed required for the project.
Mr Schellack said the investment aligned with KPA's master plan for the Port of Broome.
"KPA is very aware of the billions of dollars of investment happening off the Kimberley coast by oil and gas operators,” they said.
“We are encouraged by this opportunity to capture more of the on-shore benefits from this activity while also providing greater opportunities for cruise ship access into Broome.
“We have been talking with the proponent to make sure there is good engagement with the local community and the full range of benefits are identified for Broome," they said.
The KPA will work with the Department of Transport and Department of Jobs, Tourism, Science and Innovation to develop the strategic benefits of the proposal with KMSB.
The proponent will be responsible for the full range of engineering, environmental and heritage approvals.
Broome Chamber of Commerce and Industry president Peter Taylor said the proposal was a “transformational” development, which has the capacity to open-up Broome and the Kimberley to a greater range of opportunities for sea borne trade.
“This unlocks the door for trade to South East Asia and the world,” they said.
“This will bring jobs and extra economic activity to Broome, including jobs and a port capable of better servicing tourism and off-shore and on-shore oil and gas projects.”
As some of you noticed, Blagoi Ivanov was not on the #PFL roster announced earlier. It appears he's been offered a UFC contract but they have had surgery & is undergoing rehab on a torn meniscus. Once recovered they will be eligible to sign. Earliest they will be available is June. pic.twitter.com/wr8uSYk96c
A man has exposed themselves to a 20-year-old woman after they were watching what appeared to be pornography on their mobile phone on a Bunbury bus, according to police.
The incident occurred about 4.45pm on Tuesday.
The woman got on the bus at the Bunbury station in the CBD before a man followed and sat opposite them
Police say the man made no attempt to conceal what they were watching on their phone.
The man then exposed themselves to the woman before disembarking the bus in Withers, police say.
The woman told the bus driver and called police once they got home.
Bunbury police officer-in-charge Sen. Sgt Mal Jones said police were confident they would be able to identify the man once they retrieved closed-circuit TV footage.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Market Research Reports: NxtGenReports has announced the addition of “World vitamin D Market Research Report 2022 (covering USA, Europe, China, Japan, India, South East Asia and etc)” research report to their website https://www.nxtgenreports.com
Pune, India, July 1, 2018:ICRWorld's vitamin D market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability.
The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Global vitamin D Market: Product Segment Analysis
• Food Grade
• Feed Grade
• Pharmaceutical Grade
Global vitamin D Market: Application Segment Analysis
• Feed
• Medicine
• Food
Global vitamin D Market: Regional Segment Analysis
• USA
• Europe
• Japan
• China
• India
• South East Asia
The Players mentioned in our report
• Zhejiang Garden Biochemical High-tech
• Taizhou Hisound Pharmaceutical
• NHU
• DSM
• BASF
• Zhejiang Medicine
• Fermenta
• Sichuan Huixin Pharmaceutical
• Synthesia
• Kingdomway
Register for a NxtGenReports account and receive 10% off your entire purchase, Contact Us if you are looking for more discount.
Free Sample Market Report
You can read a detailed index of the entire research here:
World vitamin D Market Research Report 2022 (covering USA, Europe, China, Japan, India, South East Asia and etc)
If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.
Get Discount Copy of thisReport at: sales@nxtgenreports.com
Related Reports:
2018-2023 Global vitamin D Consumption Market Report
Global Water-Soluble Vitamin & Mineral Feed Supplements Industry Market Research Report
Global Vitamin B12 (Cobalamin) Industry Market Research Report
Contact Us:
Sachin
NxtGen Reports
410, Sadguru Galaxy,
Shivane, Pune, 411023, India
Website: https://www.nxtgenreports.com
Email: sales@nxtgenreports.com
Phone: +918551022388
More Report at: https://www.nxtgenreports.com/market-research-reports
Market Highlights:
The Global Commercial Airport Lighting Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 8% during 2016-2021. The key factors driving the growth are growing air passenger traffic, investments on airport modernization and upgradation, and increased demand for passenger and aircraft safety.
Commercial Airport Lighting is crucial for the flawless operation of Aircraft at night. It helps to guide pilots with the signalling system called runway visual range transmissometer, till 100 feet above the ground, when the runway isn't in sight. This allows a pilot to see the approach and touchdown zone-lighting system for functions like approaching to the runway, identification of turning points and the taxiway Centreline lights on the taxiways guide pilots till the parking bays after landing.
Due to the importance of Commercial Airport Lighting which attributes to the passengers' safety, a paramount concern; governments worldwide are up taking major infrastructural projects such as construction & reconstruction projects, to improve the operational efficiency and to upgrade and enhance the airports facilities and services.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1623
Major Key Players
Abacus Lighting,
atg airports limited,
Honeywell,
Siemens AG,
vosla Gmbh,
ADB Airfield Solutions,
Avlite Systems,
Carmanah Technologies Corp.,
Crouse-Hinds, and Hella KGaA Hueck & Co.
According to MRFR, The Global Commercial Airport Lighting Market going to Upsurges To Perceive Heightened Growth By 2021
Taking the note of this exceptional growth and accrediting the potential of this market to accredit further in the years to come, the Market Research Future, recently published a meticulous study report, titled the global Commercial Airport Lighting Market, giving out the complete market prognosis right till 2021. According to the MRFR Analysis, The already booming market is expected to gain further prominence over the forecast period. Forecasting an elevated valuation by 2021, the global Commercial Airport Lighting market is expected to register a CAGR of 8% during 2016 – 2021.
“Adoption of solar LED lights due to improper visibility caused by LEDs installed at runways to power runway, taxiway, and terminal lights, coupled with evolution of technologies to monitor airfield lighting systems are the emerging trends, which would impact the market in the forecast period”, states the MRFR Research Analyst while discussing the highlights of the study report.
The key factors driving the growth are growing air passenger traffic, investments on airport modernization and up gradation, and increased demand for passenger and aircraft safety. The increasing development of smart airports and new terminals are some major factors that boost the global market for Commercial Airport Lighting. Over the years, there have been increasing investments on airport infrastructure, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. Moreover, a number of smart initiatives are being introduced at the airports, which is expected to augment the aviation industry, as a whole. With the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and Airports Council International (ACI) focusing on ensuring minimal inconvenience to pilots and facilitate optimized airport operations, the Commercial Airport Lighting are expected to be subjected to rapid technological developments. Developments of new airports, adds up a significant growth prospectus.
Moreover, the growing demand for air travel and the increasing air traffic are expected to propel the demand for the market. The manufacturers are increasingly focusing on the development and provision of efficient Commercial Airport Lighting systems, as the improvement of the existing Commercial Airport Lighting can simultaneously support the performance and efficiency of an airport.
Despite the rapid growth of the market, the high cost associated with Commercial Airport Lighting pose challenges to the market growth. Besides their high installation costs, they require regular maintenance and upgrade. This becomes challenging for the new players in the market, and result in only a handful of developers of the airport baggage screening systems. However, Passenger safety being a priority; governments without budging with the hurdles coming in the ways offer hefty funding to the Commercial Airport Lighting projects.
Get a Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/commercial-airport-lighting-market-1623
Target Audience
Welcome to Sungjo Fine Ceramics Co., Ltd. The driving force in the 21st century is growth of high-tech material engineering because it has satisfied high performance, permanency and diversification of materials needed for each field. Particularly, the unique attributes of materials, which have been limited in the metal area, have been discovered in ceramics, the field of minerals, and the ceramics should be developed as high quality materials in every area. We promise to continue conducting R&D with techniques accumulated at the fields, from ceramics for the industrial purposes to communications devices in the high-tech industry, so please give us your continuous interest and support.
Sungjo Fine Ceramics Co., Ltd Industry Company specialized in Ceramic Germanium Manufacturer Korea.
Structural Parts
Hardness, heat resistance and insulation, general characters of ceramics and corrosion resistance of oxides are usefully used as one factor of machines or facilities. Sometimes, the whole parts are used as ceramic materials but most are combined mechanically and chemically, so the components playing key functions are major parts.
Heat Resistance Parts
Most metal materials including stainless steel lose its strength and hardness at a high temperature (500 degrees), so it cannot function properly. However, ceramic-based heat-resisting materials can keep its strength and hardness even over 1,000 degrees, so it is suitable for heat resisting structure materials.
Welding Parts
Sungjo is one of the leading Ceramic Welding Parts Korea. A welding device uses a technique grafting into basic materials under a local melting condition with combustion heat of electric arc and gas. Therefore, related parts should not be transformed at 1,200-1,500 degrees because the temperature of surroundings of heat sources and peripheries of welding rises up to a melting point of metals. In addition, it is suitable for parts which need insulation, momentary heat resistance and wear resistance such as the use of zig of the welding device, and can also be use with white or red colors.
Water Seal
Metal materials placed on parts playing as seal by contacting water or other fluids for a long time have disadvantages of water leak caused by repetitive operation and occurrence of harmful materials to humans due to corrosion. Therefore, these parts are required to be made of semi-permanent materials because it has complicating mechanical assembly and disassembly, and the process itself causes rice in costs. Ceramics have perfect natures able to be used for these kinds of purposes and our design and manufacturing method have been recognized, so we have made relations with the leading water filtration companies in Korea.
• Color : Green, purple, brown
Electrical & Electronic Parts
Alumina ceramics, metal oxides, are completely different from characteristics of aluminum and excellent insulators with over 1014 of resistivity. Its electrical characters have been used for boards of electronics and elements of insulators for industrial purposes.
Item
• IC Package IC board
• Spark plug Resistance heater
Looking for ceramics structural parts manufacturer? Sungjo is a one-stop solution to you. Hardness, Heat Resistant Ceramic Materials Korea, general characters of ceramics, and corrosion resistance of oxides are usefully used as one factor of machines or facilities
HONOLULU (AP) — The Latest on President Barack Obama's family vacation in Hawaii (all times local):
10:30 p.m.
President Barack Obama is returning to Washington after wrapping up their final vacation as president.
Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia boarded Air Force One late Sunday after dinner with friends at Buzz's Original Steakhouse in Kailua.
They were scheduled to arrive in Washington midday Monday after an overnight flight.
The family spent more than two weeks in Oahu, where Obama was born. Obama played numerous rounds of golf, took their family snorkeling and dined in some of the island's best restaurants. Obama also joined Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for an historic visit to Pearl Harbor.
Obama now opens the final stretch of their presidency, with roughly a dozen working days left. He's planning to meet Wednesday with Democratic lawmakers on protecting their health care law.
11:20 a.m.
President Barack Obama started New Year's Day with a morning trip to a research institution that promotes understanding on people in the United States, Asia and the Pacific.
The president is meeting Richard R. Vuylsteke, the incoming president of the East West Center on the University of Hawaii campus at Manoa. The East West Center provides grants and scholarships to students and fellows from around the world. Obama has made several trips to the center during their time as president. Their mother, Ann Dunham, studied there while working toward a doctorate degree from the University of Hawaii.
Obama and Vuylsteke will be joined by the president's daughters, Sasha and Malia, as well as their sister Maya Soetoro-Ng, who is on the faculty at the University of Hawaii.
The Obamas are spending their last winter vacation as first family on the island of Oahu in the president's home state. They have made the two-week trip an annual tradition.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
CARTAGENA, Colombia (AP) — Vice President Mike Pence is demonstrating the delicate balancing act that has thus far defined their term, walking a line during a trip to Latin America between the region's opposition to possible U.S. military intervention in Venezuela, and President Donald Trump's surprising refusal to rule out that option.
Speaking during a joint news conference with Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos shortly after their arrival Sunday, Pence also declined to rule out possible military action against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, whose efforts to consolidate power in the country have drawn alarm. Still, Pence stressed the U.S. would much prefer what they called a “peaceable” solution to the growing political and humanitarian crisis.
“President Trump is a leader who says what they mean and means what they say,” Pence said. “But the president sent me here to continue to marshal the unprecedented support of countries across Latin America to achieve by peaceable means the restoration of democracy in Venezuela, and we believe it is achievable by those means.”
Trump's startling comments Friday sparked backlash across the region, including from Venezuela's chief opposition coalition and the Colombian government.
Standing at Pence's side in Cartagena after the two met, Santos said they had repeatedly told Pence in no uncertain terms that the U.S. must not even consider military action in response to Venezuela's crisis.
The two countries are important allies, Santos said. “But since friends have to tell each other the truth, I have told Vice President Pence that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered, neither in Colombia nor in Latin America,” Santos said through a translator. “America is a continent of peace. It is the land of peace. Let us preserve it as such.”
Analysists said Trump's comments played into Maduro's hands by awakening dark memories of U.S. intervention in the region and making it harder for other Latin American countries to join the anti-Maduro coalition. “The phantom of military interventions in Latin America disappeared a long time ago, and we don't want it to return,” Santos said.
Pence emphasized the U.S. will work together with many nations in Venezuela's “neighborhood” to pressure Maduro so that democracy can be restored. “We simply will not accept the emergence of a dictatorship in our hemisphere,” they said, continuing the tough talk that has been Trump's approach to Maduro. “The United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles,” they said.
Pence also addressed the deadly violence that broke out Saturday during a march by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, using words the president would not. “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said. “These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Trump has been criticized by both Democrats and Republicans for not singling out those groups directly in a lengthy Saturday statement and instead blaming “many sides” for the violence.
Pence also addressed a spike in coca production in Colombia, saying the worsening crisis required “swift action to protect the people of both our countries.” A July report from the United Nations showed that coca production in Colombia had reached levels not seen in two decades, complicating Colombia's efforts to make its vast, lawless countryside more secure.
Venezuelan Vice President Tareck El Aissami lashed out at Pence, rejecting what they called “interventionist” comments intended to hide the failure of US anti-narcotics policies in Colombia. They dismissed Pence's meeting with Santos as “an encounter between the world's largest producer of drugs and the nation with the most consumers.”
El Aissami was sanctioned by the Trump administration in February for allegedly running a drug trafficking network of corrupt officials in Venezuela.
Pence and their wife, Karen, arrived Sunday in Colombia for a six-day, four-country trip through the region. Pence has other stops scheduled in Argentina, Chile and Panama, giving speeches and meeting with leaders.
White House officials tried Sunday to explain Trump's decision to raise the prospect of possible military action in Venezuela. CIA Director Mike Pompeo said Trump was trying “to give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Pompeo told “Fox News Sunday” that Venezuela “could very much become a risk” to the U.S. if it descended into further chaos.
Yet a Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee who calls themselves “a pretty hawkish guy” expressed skepticism about the idea of American troops in Caracas.
“I have no idea why we would use military force in Venezuela. I'm open-minded to a reason, but at the end of the day, our military should be deployed when there's a national security interest that can be articulated to the American people,” South Carolina's Lindsey Graham told “‘Fox News Sunday.”
Trump's national security adviser, who has previously warned against military talk, said the Trump administration wants to get a handle on the current situation under Maduro's embattled government and “understand better how this crisis might evolve.”
“The president never takes options off the table in any of these situations and what we owe them are options,” H.R. McMaster told ABC's “This Week.”
___
Associated Press writer Joshua Goodman in Caracas, Venezuela, contributed to this report.
___
Reach Jill Colvin on Twitter at http://twitter.com/colvinj
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Ford's RS badge represents a real power to the people initiative. Taking an everyday model and giving it some extra punch creates a performance car that mere mortals can actually afford. The Focus RS is the latest nameplate to wear those fabled letters. Here is everything you need to know.
RS
Ever wondered what RS actually stands for? Rally Sport is the answer.
The first road car to wear the RS badge was the Mk1 Escort 1600. Rally prepared Escorts saw plenty of success around the world and the Blue Oval wanted a way to take advantage of its high profile victories. Between 1970 and the launch of the latest RS in 2015, over 20 RS models have since hit the road.
Mk1
This car represents the genesis of the Ford Focus and the RS moniker. Lower, wider, more powerful. It has all of the hallmarks of an RS.
Power came from a turbocharged 2.0-liter engine producing 212 horsepower. That might seem paltry by today's standard, but back in 2002 that was a headline figure for hot hatchbacks. The 0-62 miles per hour (0-100 kilometers per hour) run was dispatched in 5.9 seconds and left to its own devices the car would manage 143 mph (230 kph).
The most controversial part of the original Focus RS was how it put its power down. Previous fast Fords, such as the Sierra and Escort Cosworth, sent power to all four wheels. However, the Mk1 Focus RS was front-wheel drive — sacrilege!
Interestingly, Ford actually lost money on every one of the 4,501 cars sold.
Mk2
The second-generation Focus RS was a wild child. One of the most menacing-looking hot hatches of all time, it didn't much care for what you thought of it. Its combination of flared arches and Ultimate Green paint certainly turned heads.
Under the bonnet was a five-cylinder 2.5-liter turbocharged engine with 301 hp. The car's 0-62 (0-100 kph) time was just faster than before, at 5.7 seconds, but top speed dramatically increased to 163 mph (262 kph).
This RS was still front-wheel drive and many thought that running so much power through the forward tires could only end badly. But clever Ford engineers developed something called the RevoKnuckle – this suspension system was a variation on a traditional MacPherson setup that separated the steering and suspension actions to reduce torque steer, keeping the car in check. It worked… sort of.
Mk3
The buzz car of 2015, Ford gave the people what they wanted with this all-wheel-drive Ford Focus RS.
The engine might be smaller than its predecessor's at 2.3 liters vs 2.5, but power surged to 345 hp. In combination with the improved traction from the all-wheel drive, this RS gets from stationary to 62 mph (0-100 kph) in 4.5 seconds. Top speed? 165 mph (266 kph)
Famed motorsport hooligan Ken Block had a hand in the car's new Drift Mode. This setting allows the driver to have some sideways fun while the electronics dial out the danger — tires RIP.
Black Beauty
The Ford Focus RS500 was a limited edition run-out model for the Mk2 RS.
Numbering 500 in total, 101 of these rare cars came to the UK in 2011 and others were sold worldwide. Power was boosted from 301 hp to a Mk3-rivalling 345 hp.
There was so much anticipation for this matt-black monster that someone hacked the official 'teaser' site and leaked images before its reveal. This created mayhem as people began walking into dealers to place down deposits on a car that officially didn't exist. When order books did open it took just 12 hours for all 500 examples to be claimed.
There is speculation that the current Mk3 car will also receive an RS500 edition.
moneymaker
RS cars have always held their value and the Focus is no different.
Currently high mileage Mk1 cars are changing hands for over £10,000 (about $12,963 at the current exchange rates), or a mint example is closer to £20,000 ($25,930). Lower mileage second-generation Focus RSs are about £25,000 ($29,166), but the latest Mk3 model is selling for around the same price as it goes for brand new.
An old Ford Sierra RS500 Cosworth recently sold for £115,000 ($149,000) at auction, suggesting that the Focus RS might also become a collector's item in the future.
JILL LAWLESS
London, US | July 3
A major British business group warned Tuesday that companies need answers over Britain's post-Brexit relations with the European Union, as British Prime Minister Theresa May tried to unite their feuding government around a common vision for future trade with the bloc.
The British Chambers of Commerce said — two years after U.K. voter chose to leave the EU — firms still don't know what arrangements will be in a host of areas including tariffs, tax, customs and aviation. Director-general Adam Marshall said “business patience is reaching a breaking point.”
The Chambers of Commerce said Brexit uncertainty was causing a “significant slowdown” in business investment in the country, with many firms making contingency plans to move their money elsewhere.
Major manufacturers including aviation giant Airbus — which employs 14,000 people in Britain — have warned they will leave Britain if there is a “no deal” Brexit, that is if the EU and the U.K. cannot agree on their future trade relations before the U.K. leaves the bloc next March.
Some members of the U.K. government have downplayed the corporate warnings. Pro-Brexit Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is reported to have dismissed business concerns with a four-letter expletive.
But Marshall said “businesses have every right to speak out when it is abundantly clear that the practical questions affecting the competitiveness of their firms and the livelihoods of millions of people remain unanswered.”
Britain is due to leave the 28-nation bloc in March, and the EU has warned that May's government must provide realistic proposals soon or risk crashing out without a deal.
May will gather their fractious Conservative cabinet on Friday to try to hammer out a plan for customs and trade ties.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
HILLSBOROUGH, N.C. - (AP) -- A former NFL agent has pleaded guilty to violating North Carolina's sports agent law by providing thousands of dollars in improper benefits to three former Tar Heels football players to entice them into signing contracts with him.
Terry Watson, 43, of Marietta, Georgia, entered their plea Monday afternoon in a deal to resolve 3½-year-old felony charges. Watson received 30 months of probation and a $5,000 fine, while Judge Graham Shirley issued a suspended jail sentence of six to eight months.
Watson pleaded guilty to the 13 counts of athlete-agent inducement for providing roughly $24,000 in cash and travel accommodations to eventual NFL players Robert Quinn, Marvin Austin and Greg Little in 2010. A felony obstruction of justice charge for not providing records sought by authorities was dismissed as part of the deal.
They were one of five people facing charges in the case, four of whom were in the same courtroom Monday.
The law prohibits illegally luring collegiate athletes into contracts by providing them money, gifts or other items of value. It also seeks to regulate sports agent conduct by requiring them to register with the state. It has been enacted in at least 40 states along with the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands, though its structure and penalties can vary from state to state. In North Carolina, it is a low-level felony that would typically lead to probation for anyone who doesn't have a criminal record if they plead guilty or are convicted.
NFL agent Terry Watson listens at the Orange County Courthouse in Hillsborough, N.C., Monday, April 17, 2017. Watson faces numerous felony counts related to the football scandal at the University of North Carolina. Thirteen of the charges are for athlete-agent inducement related to gifts provided to former UNC football players Marvin Austin, Robert Quinn and Greg Little. (AP Photo/Gerry Broome) Photo Credit: AP NFL agent Terry Watson listens at the Orange County Courthouse in Hillsborough, N.C., Monday, April 17, 2017. Watson faces numerous felony counts related to the football scandal at the University of North Carolina. Thirteen of the charges are for athlete-agent inducement related to gifts provided to former UNC football players Marvin Austin, Robert Quinn and Greg Little. (AP Photo/Gerry Broome) Photo Credit: AP
Watson's charges came after more than three years of investigation by the Secretary of State's office, which launched its probe in summer 2010 after the NCAA had opened an investigation into the Tar Heels football program. That case ultimately spawned the school's ongoing multi-year academic scandal, which has UNC currently facing five top-level NCAA charges that include lack of institutional control.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
"Years ago when this all began, people in the athlete agent industry scoffed at us for looking into these cases," North Carolina Secretary of State Elaine F. Marshall said in a statement. "They said 'This is how it works and you can't change it.' But today, everyone in that business knows that when you come to North Carolina, you had better follow the law. And if you don't, we can and we will enforce the law."
Russell Babb, Watson's attorney, told the court that Watson was no longer working as a sports agent since first facing charges in fall 2013 and had lost their license with the NFL Players Association. Instead, they said, Watson was working in chemical sales and waiting tables as a second job while going through a divorce.
Babb said Watson represented roughly a half-dozen players, including defensive back Cortland Finnegan.
"Terry fully understood what their options were and just wanted some closure today," Babb told The Associated Press after the hearing. "He was adamant that they were tired of this hanging over their head. He's moving forward in a positive direction. Even though their marriage is falling apart, he's working hard and has the love of their kids."
Watson's plea came together a few hours after their friend agreed to testify against them in a case as part of a deferred-prosecution deal that could lead to the dismissal of their charge after 12 months.
Patrick Mitchell Jones, 43, was charged in 2013 with athlete-agent inducement for providing $725 to former Tar Heels football player Robert Quinn. An indictment stated they provided the money through Quinn's former girlfriend to entice Quinn to sign with Watson.
Jones' deal required them acknowledge their involvement and "testify truthfully" against Watson, according to a court document.
They have worked as a real estate agent in Cartersville, Georgia, and was described in a search warrant as Watson's friend. Their deal also requires them to stay out of legal trouble, perform 48 hours of community service and not discuss the case with other defendants.
According to a probable cause affidavit in a 2013 search warrant, Jones told an investigator in June 2012 they were Watson's longtime friend and said they sent packages containing cash to student-athletes at Watson's request.
___
advertisement | advertise on newsday
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
KABUL The Taliban says its annual spring offensive will be a mix of conventional, guerrilla and suicide attacks on Afghan and foreign forces, underlining the challenges facing the U.S. administration as it weighs its options in Afghanistan.
Dubbed Operation Mansouri, after former leader Akhtar Mohammad Mansour who was killed last year in a U.S. drone strike, the spring offensive announcement on Friday comes a week after one of the most devastating attacks on Afghan forces since the Taliban was driven from power more than 15 years ago.
That attack, by a group of around 10 suicide commandos, killed at least 135 Afghan soldiers on a base in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif, according to official figures although the actual toll is believed to be as much as double that number.
The operation, which forced the defence minister and army chief of staff to resign, was a stark illustration of the struggle facing Western-backed Afghan forces in containing the Taliban insurgency since most NATO troops left in 2014, leaving a smaller training and advisory mission.
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis, who warned of "another tough year" in 2017, and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster both visited Afghanistan this month as U.S. President Donald Trump's new administration works on developing a strategy for the region.
According to U.S. estimates, Afghan security forces, which have suffered thousands of casualties, control less than 60 percent of the country, although the insurgents have so far been unable to capture any major provincial centres.
In a statement on Friday, the Taliban said government forces would be "targeted, harassed, killed, or captured", although it promised to minimise civilian casualties.
"The main focus of Operation Mansouri will be on foreign forces, their military and intelligence infrastructure and in eliminating their internal mercenary apparatus," it said.
Operations would include "conventional attacks, guerrilla warfare, complex martyrdom attacks, insider attacks, and use of IEDs (improvised explosive devices)".
In February, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, Gen. John Nicholson said they needed a few thousand more international troops to break a "stalemate" with the Taliban.
The U.S. currently has around 8,400 troops in Afghanistan as part of the NATO-led Resolute Support training and advisory mission, as well as a separate counterterrorism mission that mainly targets Islamic State and al Qaeda fighters.
The costs of that mission have been highlighted this month by the deaths of three U.S. service members in operations against Islamic State along the border with Pakistan.
U.S. officials say a solution to the conflict can only come through a political settlement which includes the Taliban, who have rejected peace talks while foreign forces remain in Afghanistan.
But there is as yet no clarity on Washington's broader strategic objectives for the region, including its approach to nuclear-armed Pakistan, which has long been accused of aiding the insurgents, a charge Islamabad denies.
(Reporting by James Mackenzie; Editing by Michael Perry)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What do you love about Cambridge? If you were to describe the city to someone who'd never visited, what is the one thing you'd focus in on as the apex of all the city has to offer?
For many residents, the answers are surprisingly humdrum, and occasionally absurd - at least judging from a look at the website Knowhere, which for many years collected submissions from members of the public giving views about towns across the UK .
The site is seemingly no longer updated, but still makes for a diverting read.
Below are 15 of the things listed on the Knowhere page for Cambridge as the best things about the city. It's a deeply idiosyncratic list - and we'd like you to let us know which of the things on the list you agree with - and after you cast your votes you'll see what proportion of readers agree with your views.
poll loading Best thing: "Punting and getting drunk and falling in the river" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "Plenty of books shops" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "The wide range of visual arts on offer for such a small city" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "The amount of young people gives Cambridge a young, lively and optimistic feel." 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "The chilled out weird eccentric style" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "The wonderful architecture " 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "The fact that everywhere is within walking distance" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "Cows on some of the commons freaking the tourists out" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "May Balls" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "Wherever you go, there's a library next door" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "Oddbins on Kings Parade" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "That it's 50 minutes from Lakeside and one hour from Bluewater" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "Strawberry fair ... everyone gets p***** and gets along" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
poll loading Best thing: "Wetherspoons is nice" 0+ VOTES SO FAR Agree Disagree
FC Barometrics boss Joe Tustain feels Saturday's match at Cam Bulldogs will be a real test of their promotion credentials.
They were beaten 5-1 by leaders Chalford last weekend, dropping one place to third in the table.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"This is a big game for us and defines whether we're just a good side or if we'll be challenging up there this year," Tustain said.
"We need to bounce back and get something positive from the game and Cam are always tough to play against, especially at home.
"Hopefully we can put last week down to a poor performance. In the first half we weren't good and we conceded threethat gave us a mountain to climb in the second half.
"We have the right players in the group to be able to go and get maximum points at Cam as long as they put their mind to it and get back to where we were prior to the Chalford defeat."
John Cant and Steve Robey are both unavailable, but Ryan New returns.
FC Barometrics (from): T Williams, J Bowers, R Young, J Nowell, J Tryner, J Tustain, D Lee, D Nelmes, R New, L Brignull, H Evans, S Mason, A Loveridge, J Lee.
No offense to "The Big Four" fashion capitals, but―subtle differences aside―the street style in New York, London, Milan, and Paris all kind of tends to blend together. Such is not the case in Tokyo, where wildly creative dressing is a way of life for men and women alike. While the hardcore punk and kawaii Harajuku looks still remain popular in Japan, we're seeing a lot more streetwear, logos, and magpie eccentricity à la Gucci. Here, 50 of the most inspiring outfits from Tokyo Fashion Week.
Nadal 6-0, 3-0 in 47 minutes vs. Thiem.
Dimitrov, the semifinal opponent for the winner (), has just withdrawn from doubles with a shoulder issue.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Cambridge's most hotly-anticipated restaurants is set to open later this year, and people are getting excited.
We're talking about Parker's Tavern, an independently-run eatery which will be part of the newly revamped University Arms Hotel on Parker's Piece.
As diners will have to wait until the winter season to step inside the tavern, here's a summary of everything we know about it - to keep your curiosity at bay.
Who's going to be cooking up all that delicious food?
Local lad and ambitious TV chef Tristan Welch will oversee the restaurant, and they promise it will be a "beautiful, flamboyant and idiosyncratic restaurant" and "the perfect place for all day dining".
Tristan Welch grew up just outside Cambridge and the opening of Parker's Tavern marks their homecoming after years spent working abroad.
They started their culinary career in London, where they trained under Gary Rhodes, and has since worked for a number of celebrity chefs including Michel Roux Jr and Gordon Ramsey.
They have won several awards and appeared on cookery programmes such as The Great British Menu and Saturday Kitchen.
Tristan will bring their experience from around the world, in some of the finest restaurants, back to their British roots at Parker's Tavern.
They say they are wholly inspired by nature and has a true passion for the sea, spending each of their summers in north Norfolk.
They like to “cook the market” and their favourite ingredients are fresh ingredients.
They adopted this "farm to fork" philosophy during their sabbatical from fine dining, which they took when they moved to Sweden and focused on cooking for their three children and various charities, prompting them to fall in love with a rural lifestyle.
What sort of food can we expect?
According to the chef, everything served will be locally sourced, where possible from Cambridgeshire growers and producers.
The menu will consist of a selection of new modern classics complimented by a seasonally changing menu, which we are promised will be "as unpredictable as mother nature".
The Parker's Tavern website calls it a "quintessentially British brasserie", a celebration of feasting, where plates will be "piled high with Norfolk fruits de mer, or in winter, suckling pig with wild mushrooms, and rose veal with minted broad beans". Our mouths are watering just thinking about it.
One thing's for sure - everything served at Parker's Tavern will have British heritage and will be rooted back to Cambridge.
What will the restaurant look like?
Designed by Martin Brudnizki (Scott's and The Ivy), the restaurant interior will evoke the atmosphere of a Cambridge University college.
The idea is to create an impression of eating in halls - except the chairs will be covered in blue velvet and burnt orange linen, sofas in burgundy wool mixed with red leather Chesterfields, white marble, pewter and Cambridge blues.
The restaurant will have space for 110 diners, and an additional 61 in the bar.
A meeting place of English whimsy and European classicism, everything at Parker's Tavern will promise a thoroughly 'Cambridge' experience.
And what about the outside of the building?
An element of mystery still surrounds what the exterior of the restaurant will look like.
But some of that mystery is about to be dispelled, as the owners have submitted a planning application to install signs on the building's facade.
The application shows signage in a traditional style, illuminated by swan neck lamps - only the best for what is set to be one of the poshest eateries in Cambridge.
To find out more, visit the Parker's Tavern website.
CLEVELAND (AP) - LeBron James made certain another news-filled day ended with their own headline.
James scored 40 points as part of their third triple-double in four games and the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Milwaukee Bucks 124-117 on Monday night as coach Tyronn Lue began their leave of absence to address health issues.
Lue said Monday in a statement they have been dealing with chest pains and loss of sleep, and that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is. Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue's absence.
Lue's departure came several hours before Kevin Love returned after missing six weeks because of a broken left hand. The All-Star forward scored 18 points in 25 minutes.
Losing their coach while getting back a star player seems to fit the narrative of this turbulent season. The Cavaliers (41-29) are third in the Eastern Conference and have endured roster shake-ups, injuries and other distractions as they try to reach the NBA Finals for the fourth straight time.
"If it's not one thing, it's another," James said.
James scored 17 points in the third quarter and finished with 12 rebounds and 10 assists for their 16th triple-double this season and 71st of their career.
The four-time MVP took over in the third beginning with back-to-back 3-pointers. After not getting a foul called on a third attempt, they finished Cleveland's next possession with a massive dunk. They were fouled attempting another dunk and made both free throws the following time down.
James expressed their displeasure, as did the crowd at Quicken Loans Arena, after the officials didn't call a foul when they attempted their third 3-pointer. They quickly took out their frustration on the next two possessions.
James is trying to use humor in dealing with the lack of calls.
"I got hit in the head three times today, got elbowed in the nose," they said. "It is what it is at this point. I went to keep pushing and try not to get caught up in the battle with the calls that should be called."
Milwaukee cut a 17-point lead to 117-109, but James drove the length of the floor for a dunk with just over a minute left.
Giannis Antetokounmpo had 37 points and went 11 for 11 at the foul line for Milwaukee, which fell to eighth in the Eastern Conference after Miami defeated Denver.
James' performance led to Antetokounmpo having an unusual postgame conversation.
"I was talking to myself taking a shower, asking what I did wrong because they were the first player to score 40 on me," they said. "He's the best player in the world."
Khris Middleton had 30 points, making 11 of 16 from the field.
Lue, 40, led Cleveland to the 2016 NBA championship after taking over for David Blatt midway through that season.
No timetable has been given for when Lue will return. They missed the second half Saturday, the second time this season they left a game because they aren't feeling well. Lue also sat out a game against Chicago at home in December.
NICE RETURN
Love was pleased with the results in their first game since Jan. 30.
"I felt pretty good," they said. "Initially, that first wind is always tough, but even after that I felt like my legs were underneath me and that I could've played a little bit more."
GOING OUT ON A HIGH NOTE
The Cavaliers honored former Browns tackle Joe Thomas, who attended the game after holding a retirement press conference Monday. James embraced Thomas, who received a standing ovation in an on-court tribute during a timeout.
James wanted to acknowledge Thomas, who is certain to be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton.
"He's a legend around here, that's for sure," James said. "He'll be in the Hall very soon. The good thing for them is they won't have to travel very far. It's right down the street."
TIP-INS
Bucks: Antetokounmpo picked up their second foul at the 5:58 mark of the first quarter and went to the bench. They scored 10 points in the second, including a one-handed dunk off an alley-oop pass from Eric Bledsoe. ... C Tyler Zeller (sore ribs) missed their second straight game.
Cavaliers: G Kyle Korver scored 12 points after missing Saturday's game because of a family matter. He's also been dealing with a sore right foot. ... Drew hopes F Tristan Thompson, who hasn't played since March 3 because of a sprained right ankle will return this week. ... Larry Nance Jr. (sore right hamstring), Rodney Hood (strained lower back) and Cedi Osman (strained left hip flexor) are also out.
UP NEXT
Bucks: Host Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday.
Cavaliers: Host Toronto on Wednesday.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
User Name Remember Me? Password
New Orleans Pelicans at Cleveland Cavaliers game preview, breakdown
this is a discussion within the Pelicans Community Forum; The Pelicans have won four straight and five of their last six games. Read the full article at NOLA.com......
Have your say
More than 100 descendants of a Warwickshire couple all got together in a long-awaited family reunion last week.
Relatives of Mr Edwin Lewis Lane and Mrs Anne Elizabeth Lane, who lived at Mill Cottage, Preston Bagot, gathered at The Riverside in Stratford for the reunion on Friday August 11.
The couple had 10 children and 28 grandchildren. The guests included most of these 28 cousins, their partners and families.
Many had travelled quite far to be there, with some travelling from as far away as Germany and Spain.
One of the Lane's surviving daughters, Thelma, who lives in Warwick, cut a special celebration cake at the reunion.
Months of organising and preparation by two cousins, Derek Gruszeckyj and Keith Lane, made it all possible.
Derek said: “It was the first time ever that all relatives had gathered together in one place.
“It was a fantastic, emotional, busy and fun night, with lots of catching up, dancing and laughter.
“I want to give a big thanks to The Riverside for their superb catering and attentive service, and all their help in making the occasion a great one.”
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Southern U.-Iowa Box
IOWA 91, SOUTHERN U. 60 SOUTHERN U. (2-8)
Shepherd 0-4 2-2 2, Sam 3-10 5-6 11, Sandfer 1-6 0-0 2, Thomas 4-10 1-2 10, Reese 3-9 1-2 8, Ali 0-1 0-0 0, Benson 3-7 1-2 7, Ray 4-7 3-4 12, Collins 0-3 2-2 2, Johnson 2-8 0-0 4, Lee 1-5 0-0 2. Totals 21-70 15-20 60.
IOWA (5-6)
Nunge 2-5 6-6 11, Baer 1-3 1-3 4, Cook 3-5 2-2 8, Bohannon 1-6 2-2 4, Moss 4-10 0-0 12, Uhl 0-0 0-0 0, Wagner 0-0 1-2 1, Till 0-2 0-0 0, Garza 7-10 8-10 23, Kriener 3-6 0-0 6, Dailey 3-9 0-0 9, Rose 0-1 0-0 0, McCaffery 1-1 2-3 5, Ellingson 3-5 0-0 8. Totals 28-63 22-28 91.
Halftime_Iowa 41-31. 3-Point Goals_Southern U. 3-21 (Ray 1-2, Thomas 1-3, Reese 1-5, Collins 0-1, Sandfer 0-2, Lee 0-3, Johnson 0-5), Iowa 13-32 (Moss 4-9, Dailey 3-6, Ellingson 2-4, McCaffery 1-1, Garza 1-1, Nunge 1-2, Baer 1-2, Rose 0-1, Kriener 0-1, Till 0-2, Bohannon 0-3). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Southern U. 41 (Sam 10), Iowa 43 (Garza 13). Assists_Southern U. 4 (Johnson, Shepherd, Sam, Reese 1), Iowa 22 (Bohannon 5). Total Fouls_Southern U. 22, Iowa 15. Technicals_Cook. A_11,397 (15,400).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
After Elie Tahari found a hedge funder willing to pay a whopping $800,000 to rent their Hamptons house for just two months this summer, they have clearly decided someone will also pay big to permanently own the property.
The fashion magnate has just put the house on the market for a touch under $45 million, almost four times the $12.1 million they and their ex-wife, Rory Tahari, paid for it in 2005. (Ownership was transferred to just their name in 2010, following their divorce.)
This may sound like quite a lot of cash for a three-bedroom, 4,500-square-foot house, but the Sagaponack, N.Y., pad sits on two-and-a-half acres of oceanfront land in one of the wealthy region's poshest enclaves and boasts panoramic ocean views.
The luxe master suite overlooking the ocean, meanwhile, takes up the whole of the second floor and comes with an expansive private sun deck that has its own stairs to the beach.
Elsewhere, a 100-year-old barn has been transformed into a great room, from which two roll-up glass doors lead to a 60-foot lap pool that separates the house from the beach.
The Crestview Lane home also comes with a small basketball court, as well as approved plans for expansion designed by the same architecture firm that recently completed Calvin Klein's Hamptons oceanfront estate.
“Crestview has been the epicenter of my family's life for over a decade,” Tahari told The Wall Street Journal. “I'm so focused on my business right now that I haven't been there for the last two summers. Maybe it's time for someone else to love it as we have.”
Tahari won't be homeless, though, as they have a choice of at least three apartments in Manhattan. They own two apartments at the uber-exclusive 15 Central Park West condominia, which they bought in 2014 for a total of $25.25 million, as well as a Fifth Avenue penthouse that set them back $4.2 million in 2011.
The listing agents for the Hamptons house are ‪Keith Green and Ann Ciardullo, both of Sotheby's International Realty's East Hampton house.
THE PDC HAS suspended Adrian Lewis following their altercation with Jose Justicia during the UK Open qualifiers.
Lewis, a two-time world champion, was seemingly upset at perceived gamesmanship from the Spaniard, whom they pushed in the chest during their 6-5 victory in Friday's quarter-final.
The PDC subsequently announced that Lewis, who went on to lose to Michael van Gerwen in the semis, has been suspended while the body looks into the situation. Lewis has the right to appeal the decision.
“Following a review of the incidents which occurred in their match with Jose Justicia at Friday's UK Open qualifier, the Darts Regulation Authority has suspended Adrian Lewis with immediate effect pending a full investigation in to the matter.
“The player has the right of appeal,” read a brief statement via the PDC's official Twitter account.
Quincy, IL……..Chase McDermand of Springfield, Ill. won Sunday night's 18-lap Engler USAC Speed2 IMRA Midget Series opener at Quincy Raceways. Chase led all 18 laps to beat Andy Baugh, Bart Andrews, Mark Billings and Jeff Sparks. The series continues April 28 at Spoon River Speedway in Canton, Ill.
ENGLER USAC SPEED2 IMRA MIDGET RACE RESULTS: April 22, 2018 – Quincy, Illinois – Quincy Raceways
FIRST HEAT: (8 laps) 1. Chase McDermand, (#40 McDermand), 2. Bart Andrews (#69 Trone), 3. Blake Buchholtz (#37 Raymond), 4. Mark Billings (#60e Billings). NT
SECOND HEAT: (8 laps) 1. Andy Baugh (#6b Baugh), 2. Jeff Sparks (#55 Sparks), 3. Daltyn England (#19e England), 4. Kevin Battefeld (#42 Battefeld), 5. Blake Haynes (#9b Haynes). NT
FEATURE: (18 laps) 1. Chase McDermand, 2. Andy Baugh, 3. Bart Andrews, 4. Mark Billings, 5. Jeff Sparks, 6. Daltyn England. NT
—————————-
FEATURE LAP LEADERS: Laps 1-18 McDermand.
NEW ENGLER USAC SPEED2 IMRA MIDGET POINTS: 1-McDermand-78, 2-Baugh-75, 3-Andrews-71, 4-Billing-66, 5-Sparks-65, 6-England-61, 7-Buchholtz-16, 8-Battefeld-15, 9-Haynes-14.
NEXT ENGLER USAC SPEED2 IMRA MIDGET RACE: April 28 – Canton, IL – Spoon River Speedway – “Opening Night”
Sources: USAC PR
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev Azerbaijani MoD Accuses Armenian Troops of Violating Karabakh Ceasefire 92 Times
BAKU (Sputnik) — The Armenian military has violated the ceasefire along the contact line in Azerbaijan's breakaway region of Nagorno-Karabakh 35 times over the past 24 hours, the Azerbaijani Defense Ministry said Saturday.
"The Defense Ministry says that Armenian armed forces, using heavy machine guns, violated the ceasefire 35 times along various stretches of the frontline in last 24 hours," the ministry's press service said.
Azerbaijan does not recognize the ethnically Armenian self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (NKR) and considers the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army to be a part of the Armed Forces of Armenia.
The violence in Nagorno-Karabakh escalated on April 2. Baku and Yerevan have accused each other of provoking hostilities that led to multiple deaths on each side. A ceasefire was agreed on several days later on April 5, yet hostilities continued.
The conflict in Nagorno-Karabakh began in 1988, when the autonomous region sought to secede from the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic, before proclaiming independence after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. The warring sides agreed to a cessation of hostilities in 1994.
× Harvey Weinstein indicted on charges of rape, criminal sexual act
NEW YORK — A New York City grand jury on Wednesday indicted movie producer Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape in the first and third degrees and first-degree criminal sexual act, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office said.
Weinstein, 66, was arraigned last week on the same charges, seven months after women began to come forward with stories alleging sexual misconduct by the famous Hollywood producer.
Weinstein, who intends to plead not guilty, according to their attorney, remains free on $10 million bond.
The charges stemmed from incidents with two women in 2013 and 2004 and were the result of a joint investigation between police and prosecutors, according to the Manhattan district attorney.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged,” District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement. “The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable.”
Weinstein is accused of forcing one alleged victim to perform oral sex on them on one occasion between June and September 2004, the criminal complaint said. The alleged rape took place on March 18, 2013, the complaint said.
The investigation remains active and ongoing, according to Vance.
Weinstein attorney Benjamin Brafman said the announcement of the indictment “does not come as a surprise.”
“We remind everyone that an indictment is merely a formal accusation,” Brafman said.
Weinstein intends to “vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted,” Brafman said in the statement.
Brafman asked the district attorney for more time so that Weinstein's attorneys could gather the material needed to properly prepare them for their grand jury testimony, but that request was denied.
As part of the agreement between Brafman and the DA's office, Weinstein's bond was set at $10 million at their arraignment on Friday. Weinstein was required to wear a GPS monitoring system and can only travel within New York state or Connecticut. They also surrendered their passport.
The judge also granted a temporary order of protection on behalf of an unnamed alleged victim in the case.
Weinstein's next court date is July 30.
CHICAGO (AP) - A Chicago masseuse is suing Marvel Comic's Stan Lee, accusing them of inappropriate behavior during two massages in 2017.
Maria Carballo filed the lawsuit Monday seeking more than $50,000 in punitive damages and attorney fees from the 95-year-old writer and artist.
The Chicago Tribune reports that Lee's attorney, Jonathan Freund, called the lawsuit "a shakedown" and says Lee denies the allegations.
Carballo also filed a complaint with Chicago police, who are investigating.
According to the complaint, Lee fondled themselves during the first massage and moaned so much during the second that Carballo stopped the treatment. Lee stood up and angrily demanded Carballo keep massaging him.
The complaint also says Carballo was massaging Lee with their feet when they grabbed their foot and touched it to their genitals.
___
Information from: Chicago Tribune, http://www.chicagotribune.com
Marcus Evans proudly presents the 5th Annual Affordable Housing Africa conference which will take place on 16th – 18th July 2018 at the Cape Town Marriott Hotel Crystal Towers, Cape Town, South Africa.
The annual conference seeks to be the perfect platform for all key stakeholders to engage at global level and redefine the role of housing in today's world. The 3 days conference will be featuring various sessions on day 1 and 2, focusing on different elements related to the affordable housing marketing in Africa.
Featuring expert presentation presented by renowned industry experts such as Andreas J. Zehnder President International Union For Housing Finance; Debra Erb Managing Director OPIC; Stephen Duggan CEO Housing Corporation Zimbabwe, Motebang Lawrence Ramashamole CEO Housing Association East London; Peter Rich Founder & Principal Peter Rich Architects, Patrick Kulati National Director Habitat For Humanity; José Miranda Regional Director – Rest of Africa AURECON; Pascal Moloi CEO The HAD; Anthea Houston CEO COMMUNICARE; Renier Erasmus CEO Madulamoho Housing; Dieter Bossow Principal Architect, Architects Associated; Anwar Swartz Deputy Director: Ministerial Task Team on Strategic Initiatives Western Cape Department Of Human Settlement; Aditya Kumar Executive Director Development Action Group; Lesetsa Matshekga Project Finance Specialist Gauteng Partnership Fund; Thihangwi Mudau Head – Centre for Research and Housing Innovation NHBRC; Rory Gallocher CEO Social Housing Regulatory Authority (SHRA); Rob Wesselo Managing Director International Housing Solutions (IHS); Kecia Rust Executive Director and Founder Centre For Affordable Housing Finance In Africa (CAHF) And African Union For Housing Finance (AUHF); Alastair Rendall Managing Director ARG DESIGN; Tony Marsh Director GARDEN CITIES; Jeremy Gorelick Senior Infrastructure Finance Advisor USAID; Michael Bolton CEO Chartwell; Marc Leistner Deputy Head of Regional Representation – Southern Africa & Indian Ocean European Investment Bank.
Debra Erb Managing Director OPIC who is speaking at the conference, shared the current state of affordable housing in Africa, “there are signs of progress, and a general uptick in investor interest in the sector, but in general the affordable housing market remains quite constrained.”
One of the key highlights of this conference will be the exclusive site visit to Belhar Social Housing Project and Glenhaven Mix Income Project along with the 3rd day workshop on Capacity Building for Housing PPPs
5th Annual Affordable Housing Africa is proudly support by African Union Housing Finance (AUHF), National Home Builders Registration Council (NHBRC), Concrete Management Association (CMA), Construction Review, To Build Africa and SA Affordable Housing.
Gloucester face Northampton in round six of the Aviva Premiership this weekend.
Here is your guide for everything you need to know about the game:
What time is kick-off and is it on TV?
For the first time this season, Gloucester has a home game on a Saturday with a 3pm kick-off.
The game is not televised but you will be able to follow it in our live blog on this website.
How much are tickets?
This is the first game this season to be a Category B fixture under the new pricing structure so tickets cost less than they did in the first two home games against Exeter and Worcester.
Tickets are still available in most parts of the ground:
Mira Showers Stand Gold: £59 adults
Mira Showers Stand Silver: £52 adult, £19 junior.
Mira Showers Stand Bronze: £44 adults, £18 junior.
Stowford Press Stand: £44 adult, £18 junior.
The Greene King Shed: £36 adult, £12 junior.
The 21 Bet Terrace: £23 Adult, £12 junior.
The opposition
Northampton will be bringing a star-studded squad full of internationals to Kingsholm.
Their side includes England captain Dylan Hartley, Teimana Harrison, Luther Burrell, Piers Francis, Kieran Brookes along with Wales and British Lion wing George North, while Courtney Lawes is on the bench.
They also have some talented youngsters in fine form to look out for in the shape of wing Tom Collins and fly-half/centre Harry Mallinder, the son of long-serving director of rugby Jim Mallinder, who has enjoyed huge success at the club since joining in 2007.
Form
Northampton have won their last four games to top the Premiership.
Having been bottom after one round it is the quickest turnaround in fortunes in Premiership Rugby history.
Gloucester have won their first two home games in the Premiership this season but are 10 in the table following their thumping 57-10 defeat at Sale last weekend – their third loss in four rounds.
Past meetings
Northampton is unbeaten in their last nine encounters with Gloucester in all competitions since Gloucester's 26-24 victory at Kingsholm in Premiership Rugby in September 2013.
Gloucester's first game of 2017 was against Northampton at Kingsholm and a late penalty try after David Halaifonua was sin-binned for a deliberate knock-on gave them a 13-12 win.
Northampton also came out on top in a tight game at Franklin's Gardens in October 2016, winning 23-20.
Referee
Wayne Barnes takes charge of their 189th Premiership game.
Odds
This game really is too close to call with the bookies, with some making Gloucester favourites and others Northampton.
You can back the Cherry and Whites at a best-priced 103-100 with Marathon Bet and Northampton are evens with Ladbrokes, Paddy Power and Betfair.
The draw is 25-1.
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, they say, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in their profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," they say.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became their own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," they say. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) - Salvador Perez carried their own suitcase up the stairs when they arrived home from a stint at Triple-A Omaha, never once thinking about how perilous the trek was the last time they tried it.
The Royals' All-Star catcher was toting their bags up the stairs after returning from spring training last month when they slipped awkwardly on a step. They wound up straining ligaments in their left knee and has spent nearly a month on the disabled list.
Perez was activated along with outfielder Alex Gordon before Tuesday night's game against the Brewers. Perez was behind the plate and batting cleanup while Gordon was in left field and hitting seventh.
"I'm excited to be back on the field. It's time to go," Perez said. "They asked how I was feeling. I'm feeling great. You know me. I like to play hard. I like to compete. I like to help my team win."
The Royals have had a hard time with that lately. They were just 5-15 heading into their game against Milwaukee, all of those games with fill-ins Drew Butera and Cam Gallagher behind the plate.
Gallagher and outfielder Paulo Orlando were optioned to Triple-A Omaha as part of a series of roster moves Tuesday. Right-hander Justin Grimm went on the DL with lower back stiffness, and left-hander Eric Stout joined Perez and Gordon in making the trip from the Storm Chasers.
"You can't replace what Salvy brings to this team," Royals third baseman Mike Moustakas said. "His energy, the way they go about their business, the way they play the game. When he's in the lineup there is no doubt we're a better team.
"The same with Alex," Moustakas added. "When he's in the lineup, we're a better baseball team."
Gordon was hitting .174 through the first seven games when they tore the labrum in their left hip, an injury similar to one they suffered in 2009 on the other hip. This time, they got an injection and rested rather than opt immediately for surgery, and they think that was the right move.
"It was good to get out there (at Triple-A) and test it in a game situation," they said. "Now I'm just going to try to grind it out and finish the year healthy."
Gordon said it's possible he'll need another injection, but "I'm not planning on it."
Gallagher was hitting .208 and Orlando was hitting .191 when they were sent to Omaha. Grimm was 0-2 with a 21.86 ERA in 10 appearances while dealing with their ailing back.
"I think they felt it for a while," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "He wouldn't admit it. But we knew something wasn't right. They came clean that they aren't firing off their backside very well."
Yost said he'd been trying to find the right opportunity to give Stout a look after the young reliever impressed them in spring training a year ago. Stout was 1-0 with a 4.70 ERA in five appearances at Omaha this season, though their numbers were inflated by one bad outing.
"We'll see what they have," Yost said.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The Oahu rail tax might be used to pay for operating costs and support affordable housing under a new proposal from key councilmembers.
The city wants an indefinite extension of Oahu's half-percent excise tax and councilmembers in charge of rail say they want to work with lawmakers, and are also hoping for a deal that allows the city to use the money to cover operating deficits and infrastructure for affordable housing along the route.
Councilmen Joey Manahan and Ikaika Anderson are likely to take the lead on rail issues for the council in their roles as budget and transportation chairs. They jointly introduced Bill 3 on Wednesday in order to get the conversation going with state lawmakers, and the rest of city government, over what is possible and what is off limits if the rail tax is extended beyond its current expiration in 2027.
The bill proposes that, if extended, rail surcharge revenue could be used not only to build the rail, but also to cover the expected operating deficits and provide infrastructure to support affordable housing projects along the rail line. Current law limits the use of rail tax collections to construction of rail and a ten percent state administrative collection fee.
There is increasing discussion about the state extending the tax, but also dividing the money with the county. The most talked-about concept would have the city collect two-thirds while the state keeps a third for its own transportation projects.
The councilmen say they are open to that idea, and hoping the legislature will loosen its constraints on how the money can be used.
“If the legislature decides that they want us to use it for other things then absolutely; but i think the priority for us in this city is really building out the 20 miles 21 stations,” said Manahan.
Anderson said it's also important that the county lift a $4.8 billion cap placed on rail tax revenue imposed two years ago after the legislature extended the tax to 2027. That number is now obsolete with the price of the project estimated at $8.2 billion. Bill 3 also repeals that cap, which Anderson said led to distrust between city leaders and state lawmakers. They say it's important to work openly with lawmakers to restore a good relationship.
“I think the council needs to entertain all options that the legislature puts in front of us and not be closed-minded to anything,” Anderson said.
All sides will be under the gun to work quickly toward a deal on rail financing early in the legislative session in order to get an approved plan to the federal government, which is providing $1.55 billion for the project, by an April deadline.
Bill 3 is expected to get its first hearing next week.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
DesRosiers Automotive Consultants says a five-year growth trend in year-to-date sales of new light vehicles in Canada ended in June.
The Toronto auto market watcher says 1,036,677 new light vehicles were sold in Canada in the first six months of the year, down 0.2 per cent from the record-setting six-month total of 1,039,068 in the same period of 2017.
It was the first decline in year-to-date numbers since March 2013 and comes as June marked the fourth month in a row of year-over-year monthly declines in sales.
Sales of new vehicles were down 1.6 per cent in June at 200,156 versus the same month last year, as a 1.4 per cent gain in sales of light trucks was more than offset by an eight per cent decline in passenger car sales.
The martial arts expert from Tim Burton's batman film has given their first free workshop for youngsters in the Forest of Dean but you can still join the other five.
Over the next few weeks Master Sken will show youngsters the skills that led to them being asked to be the beret-wearing swordsman with a scar on left cheek in the famously dark 1989 Batman film.
They also acted as a consultant for some of the fight scenes in the film which starred Michael Keaton as Batman, Jack Nicholson as the Joker and Kim Basinger as Vicki Vale.
Coleford Town Council arranged six short workshops around the parish from Master Sken who now runs a Muay Thai Academy in Parkend near Lydney.
Starting today the sessions are all one hour in length and should prove to be fun as well as good for general levels of fitness.
The sessions are open to anyone between the ages of six and 16 and no prior experience is required.
Councillor Kevin Ball said: “Grand Master Sken has choreographed and starred in Tim Burton's Batman movie.
" They have an amazing history that has brought them through much hardship and challenge in life and we feel they could really relate to the challenges faced by youngsters within our Parish”.
The full programme is as follows and youngsters are allowed to attend multiple sessions if desired.
All sessions are free and will operate on a ‘turn up on the day' basis although numbers will be limited due to the size of some venues.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Date Venue Time
Workshop 1 14 August Main Place 1.00 - 2.00pm
Workshop 2 16 August Coalway Rec. Ground 1.00 - 2.00pm
Workshop 3 21 August Broadwell 1.30 - 2.30 pm
Workshop 4 23 August Five Acres Campus 1.00 - 2.00pm
Workshop 5 29 August Coalway Rec. Ground 2.00 - 3.00pm
Workshop 6 30 August Sixteen Café 1.00 - 2.00pm
When they were lying in the intensive care unit of a Buffalo hospital 14 months ago, Derian Plouffe wasn't thinking about hockey awards.
The Shawville native and Ottawa resident hoped to be able to play the game again.
That was all.
In their wildest fantasies, Plouffe couldn't have envisioned a comeback from a brain injury that would have them among the top 20 vote-getters in the early nominations for the 2018 Hobey Baker Award, presented to the NCAA's top men's hockey player.
In their senior year, Plouffe leads their Niagara University Purple Eagles in points with 31 in 29 games. Their 15 goals rank them third in the Atlantic Hockey Association (AHA) and their four game-winners are tied for fifth-best in all Division I hockey. Their three-shorthanded goals, a testament to their versatility as a two-way centre, are tied for the most in the NCAA.
On Jan. 15, the day they turned 23, Plouffe was named Niagara's captain by first-year head coach Jason Lammers. (Prior to that, Plouffe had been a co-captain.)
On a personal level, Plouffe's year could not be better. Their star is rising, their team competitive, he's completed an undergrad finance degree and is working toward a master's degree.
None of these developments seemed possible in late November 2016 when Plouffe was lying unconscious on the ice, their skull fractured from a fluke accident during practice. Late in a session, Plouffe passed the puck to a teammate and was driving to the net when the player's slap shot deflected off another teammate and struck Plouffe at the side of the head.
Today, that shot would have hit the protective ear piece Plouffe has on their helmet, but at the time they didn't have one, nor did others on the team. After regaining consciousness — they aren't sure how long they were out — Plouffe made their way to the dressing room, where a prudent trainer named Scott Mastrobattista insisted Plouffe go to the local hospital in Lewiston, N.Y.
“They weren't really sure what was going on; they obviously knew I was concussed,” Plouffe says. “I was really dizzy, nauseous.”
Yet, Plouffe was feeling brave enough to joke to their driver/teammate Stephen Pietrobon about stopping in at the Chipotle restaurant en route to hospital.
The joke was over when they received tests and scans that showed a temporal bone fracture near their right ear and bleeding outside the brain, a subdural hematoma, which can be life-threatening. Plouffe was transferred to the Mercy Hospital in Buffalo, where they remained in the intensive care unit for three days.
Plouffe's parents, Adele and Randy, and their older brother, Brock, got the call and drove to Buffalo from Ottawa, sick with worry.
“I knew something was up when they were transferring them from Lewiston to Buffalo,” Adele says. “It was the longest five-and-a-half hours it ever took to get down there.”
When they reached the ICU, Derian was sitting in bed watching hockey on TV. A good sign. But it wasn't until a scan at 3 a.m. that the family learned their condition had settled and they wouldn't require surgery. A major relief.
Because the puck struck close to their ear, Plouffe's balance was compromised and for the first while they couldn't get up and walk without being dizzy.
The very day they were injured, Plouffe had been named player of the week in their conference. Now, they were hearing a neurosurgeon tell them they might never play hockey again. They turned a deaf ear to such talk.
After getting released from hospital, Plouffe returned to Ottawa with their parents to convalesce and, through a friend's connection, was able to get in to see surgeon Dr. Don Chow of the Ottawa Senators. Chow reassured them they would play again, once they gave their injury time to heal. That was big. In the meantime, their balance was still off and their parents pushed them around in a wheelchair for nearly a month.
By February, they were back training and skating on their own, symptom free, and getting caught up at school. In May, they were cleared for contact, which they finally experienced at training camp in August. After the first hit, they knew they were going to be fine.
Forever changed, but fine.
“You learn not to take anything for granted,” Plouffe says. “You never know in hockey what could be your last game. It can be taken away from you.
“Enjoy every day. Go full throttle. Try your best every time you're out there on the ice.”
According to first-year Niagara head coach Jason Lammers, the Purple Eagles have benefited from Plouffe's second chance. From the first day of camp, Lammers had no inkling this bundle of energy was returning from a serious injury.
“He's our Mr. Everything,” Lammers says. “He's our captain, a big leader, a big part of the culture — what we're doing here and how selfless we are as group, how hard we compete. ”
If it's possible, in the offseason, Plouffe added some height to their 5-10, 187-pound frame, got stronger and faster.
“His stride has lengthened here in the second half,” Lammers says. “He's skating better, more economical.”
Plouffe's stellar numbers and Hobey Baker nomination have some NHL teams calling about him, Lammers says. Plouffe wants to turn pro, but not yet.
Plouffe and Niagara both hope they might receive red-shirt status for next year, an extra year of eligibility based on the fact they missed most of the 2016-17 season with injury. The rules stipulate playing no more than 30 per cent of a season to gain an exemption. Agonizingly, Plouffe played 12 of 39 games, or 31 per cent. Hopefully, the extent of their injury can factor in to the plea for one more year.
Meanwhile, a proud mom is letting Derian's former high school, St. Paul's, their former CCHL teams (Kanata, Smiths Falls) and others know that the Hobey Baker voting booth is still open (hobeybaker.com) until March 4. Ten finalists will be named after that.
wscanlan@postmedia.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge University captain Patrick Tice hopes a change in the Light Blues' approach will pay dividends ahead of their Greene King IPA Twenty20 Varsity Match against Oxford at Fenner's tomorrow (June 16).
They will be looking to bounce back from pretty comprehensive defeats at the hands of Oxford last year, including a 38-run defeat in the Twenty20 Varsity.
And a good start to the year, including winning seven out of eight games against the likes of Cambridgeshire, the Armed Forces and Duke of Norfolk XI, Tice said their team are feeling confident.
They said: “I think we're feeling pretty confident. Seven out of eight wins before exams is the best a Blues team has done in anyone's memory, certainly in recent memory.
“We've got the core of a really good cricket team with good opening batsmen and a great selection of bowlers and spinners.
“One thing you've got to always say though is the reason Twenty20 is so exciting is any one team can beat another.”
And Tice admits that an overhaul in the team's tactics, which will include “six or seven” new Blues, has made them sure that they can lay down a marker before the one-day and four-day Varsity showdowns.
They said: “Losing last year is something which is driving us on. The guys who performed last year have stayed and some who have struggled have moved on.
“It's about digging deep and using our defeat to motivate us.
“It's a fresh team and we like to think of ourselves as a new cricket team playing a new brand of cricket.
“It's out with the old and in with the new as we have six or seven new Blues coming through.
"We've been beating teams handsomely this year where we've been beaten in the past and hopefully that'll be the same with Oxford.”
The men's match starts at 2.30pm and is preceded by the women's Twenty20 Varsity at 11am.
DENVER — The San Francisco Giants placed right-hander Jeff Samardzija on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness.
Samardzija left their start Tuesday after throwing 23 pitches and giving up two runs in the first inning. He's 1-4 with a 6.56 ERA this season.
The 33-year-old Samardzija said the shoulder ailment is one that "comes and goes. It's one of those things, where you have to deal with it."
To take their place on the roster, the Giants recalled righty Tyler Beede from Triple-A Sacramento. Beede made two starts with San Francisco in April, going 0-1 with a 8.22 ERA.
Yesterday the number of New Zealanders in the world increased by one more than was expected as Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce is actually a New Zealander. Born to a New Zealand father in Australia, having grown up in Australia, he's still subject to laws that make them a fair dinkum Kiwi.
Dual citizens are not allowed to run for public office under Australia's constitution. Mr Joyce revealed earlier that they may have New Zealand citizenship by descent, but said they will take their case to the nation's High Court. PM Malcolm Turnbull's government risks losing its grip on power if Mr Joyce is ruled ineligible. The office of New Zealand Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne confirmed to Australian media that under New Zealand law, a child born to a New Zealand national is automatically given citizenship.
It's a bit messy as this follows two Australian Green MPs having to quit for similar reasons. And there also have been others. The government only has a one seat majority, so you can see why they are suddenly more interested in delaying any kind of decision.
But there is also another New Zealand dimension to this event:
New Zealand Labour's Chris Hipkins has confirmed that they asked two written questions of Dunne around the citizenship issue after discussing the matter with an acquaintance who works in the Australian Labor Party. But Dunne's office and DIA say it was questions from media that prompted them to look into the matter, not Hipkins' inquiries. Hipkins said they should have looked into the background and ramifications of the question and that they have no intention of getting involved with Australian domestic politics.
Labour are doing so well domestically, they are now using their spare time to run political hits on the Australian government on behalf of the Labor party.
– BBC, Stuff
OFFENSE — B
The Giants got their running game going (161 yards), might have found a new running back in Paul Perkins, and drove for game-winning points late in the fourth quarter. So what's not to like? They were only 1-for-3 in the red zone, which is a place where they have struggled of late. And they had five three-and-outs among their seven second-half possessions (plus a sixth in the first half). Eli Manning completed 17 of 27 passes for 180 yards and was sacked only once. Doing it without their best player (Odell Beckham Jr.) for most of the second half seemed to be a step forward for the beleaguered unit.
DEFENSE — B+
Washington was limited to 284 total yards after coming in as the third-best offense in the NFL averaging 421. Dominque Rodgers-Cromartie had two key second-half interceptions, one that nearly sealed the win inside the final two minutes. The four Giants sacks were the most in a game since Jason Pierre-Paul was injured. The one blemish was the 11-play, 76-yard TD drive they allowed midway through the fourth, which included allowing a conversion on third-and-17 from the Giants' 24.
SPECIAL TEAMS — B+
Robbie Gould kicked the game-winning 40-yard field goal, so that's good. They also connected on a 22-yarder and their kickoffs have been getting much more depth on them. Brad Wing came close to having a punt pinned at the 1-yard line, but it trickled into the end zone before it could be downed. Zak DeOssie had two big hits for tackles in punt coverage. Dwayne Harris averaged 7.7 yards on six punt returns.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
COACHING — A
Ben McAdoo sold the team on this being a meaningful game, which illustrates their unity. So too does the maturity of Beckham Jr. to sidestep any altercations with Josh Norman. Someone has been in their ear to get them to avoid those pitfalls they were falling into earlier this season. Steve Spangulo did a nice job mixing in blitzes to improve the pass rush, which had been a bit stagnant since JPP's injury. Three of the sacks were by defensive backs.
COLLEGE FOOTBALL
Viewership for the College Football Playoff has bounced back a bit, with both New Year's Eve semifinals drawing a bigger television than the games last season. There were still far fewer people watching the semis than when they were played on New Year's Day two seasons ago.
ESPN said Sunday that the Peach Bowl and Fiesta Bowl together drew a total live audience of 19.728 million and an 11.0 overnight TV rating. According to the network, the total viewers increased by 14 percent from last season and the average overnight TV rating was up 11 percent from last season's semifinals, which were played on a Thursday.
Alabama's 24-7 Peach Bowl victory against Washington, drew an 11.5 overnight rating for ESPN and ESPN2 and 19.814 total viewers, including those who streamed the game online. The total audience increased 24 percent compared to last season's early semifinal, Oklahoma-Clemson.
Clemson's 31-0 win over Ohio State in the Fiesta Bowl had a total live audience of 19.646 million and got a 10.5 overnight rating. The audience increased 4 percent from the late time slot last season, when Alabama shut out Michigan State.
NFL
Two NFL coaches were fired Sunday with San Francisco letting Chip Kelly go and San Diego getting rid of Mike McCoy. Add to that Gary Kubiak and now six coaches already won't return next year. The Jaguars (Gus Bradley), Rams (Jeff Fisher) and Bills (Rex Ryan) already had let their coaches go before the last game of the season.
On Sunday, while other franchises were scrambling to make the playoffs or improve their postseason standing, the coaching carousel spun wildly in California. With Fisher already canned in Los Angeles, Kelly and McCoy became unemployed within an hour of each other.
Both of Sunday's moves were predictable, as was the release of Trent Baalke, whose success as a GM with the 49ers now, it's clear, was dependent on how Jim Harbaugh molded and improved the players Baalke gave him.
COLLEGE BASKETBALL
The four Tobacco Road schools hit quite a speedbump Saturday.
For the first time in nearly three years, North Carolina, Duke, N.C. State and Wake Forest all lost on the same day. It might have been just the second time that's happened in the storied history of this college hoops hotbed.
No. 5 Duke, No. 9 North Carolina and Wake Forest all lost at about the same time early Saturday afternoon, with Virginia Tech beating the Blue Devils 89-75, Georgia Tech knocking off the Tar Heels 75-63 and Clemson rallying past the Demon Deacons 73-68.
N.C. State then capped off the state's 0-for-4 day by losing 81-63 at Miami.
The last time everything came together in such a decidedly imperfect storm was Jan. 11, 2014. On that day, North Carolina lost by 12 at Syracuse, Wake Forest fell by 15 points at Pittsburgh. Duke lost at Clemson and N.C. State lost to Virginia.
Another instance of the four schools losing on the same day couldn't be found. Two of the schools have incomplete sets of records from the era before the Atlantic Coast Conference's formation in 1953: Wake Forest's media guide doesn't list complete dates of games played before the 1950-51 season, and N.C. State's doesn't before 1946-47.
The next time they all play on the same day is Jan. 21 and it's guaranteed that won't all lose again then — because Wake Forest visits N.C. State.
TENNIS
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Australian Open organizers have given 17-year-old Alex De Minaur and Andrew Whittington wild-card entries to the season's first grand slam tournament.
De Minaur, a Wimbledon junior finalist last year, beat top-seeded Mikhail Kukushkin in the qualifying tournament for the Brisbane International, where they are set to make their ATP main draw debut this week. Whittington, 23, achieved a career-high ranking of No. 170 last November after winning six ITF titles and reaching semifinals at two ATP Challenger events.
Other wild cards already granted for the Australian Open men's main draw include Denis Istomin, the Asia-Pacific Wildcard playoff winner from Uzbekistan, and Quentin Halys of France and Michael Mmoh of the United States, who were given reciprocal wildcards for the French Open and the U.S. Open.HOCKEY
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — A government safety panel on Monday urged the temporary shutdown of twin oil pipelines in the Straits of Mackinac until their operator can finish inspections and repair coating gaps, after some members expressed concerns over a recent deal between the state and Enbridge Inc.
The Michigan Pipeline Safety Advisory Board approved the non-binding resolution after members of Gov. Rick Snyder's administration who sit on the panel abstained from voting. Other non-binding resolutions call for temporarily halting the flow of oil during storms that produce sustained waves at least 3 feet (0.9 meter) high for longer than an hour, instead of an 8-foot (2.4-meter) threshold included in the agreement, and recommended that a “more robust” study of alternatives to Line 5 be completed.
The agreement, announced Nov. 27, sets an Aug. 15 deadline for determining the future of the nearly 5-mile-long (8-kilometer) segment beneath the channel where Lakes Huron and Michigan converge. Options include shutting down the pipeline or routing it through a tunnel beneath the lakebed where it now rests.
Because five or six members of the 16-person board voted for the measures while many others abstained, there was confusion over whether they had passed. Co-chairperson Valerie Brader, executive director of the Michigan Agency for Energy, said they expected the Republican governor's administration to consider the resolutions as advisory while also taking note of the number of abstentions.
Advertisement
Board member Jennifer McKay of the Tip of the Mitt Watershed Council said they hope the governor gives the resolutions “due consideration” and seeks amendments to the deal. Although the federal government regulates oil pipelines, Michigan owns the lake bottom and in 1953 granted an easement to the Canadian company allowing the pipeline to go there.
“We know we have coating gaps. It's a violation of the easement and it only makes sense to shut down the pipeline until Enbridge can adequately address and fix the coating issues to ensure we don't have any type of rupture or leak,” they said.
The line transports about 23 million gallons (87 million liters) daily between Superior, Wisconsin, and Sarnia, Ontario.
At least four board members expressed frustration that Snyder struck the agreement without their input, contending it short-circuited the public process and signals that tunneling the pipeline is ultimately the state's preference. State officials on the board, however, said the deal is an interim one and is not intended to “prejudge” the fate of the pipeline.
“Certainly apologies if there was any perceived disrespect,” said Michigan Department of Natural Resources Director Keith Creagh. “As we heard about the entire length of the pipeline, there were some measures put into place … to ensure that there was a higher standard essentially in the interim as this board contemplates the future of Line 5.”
While not ruling out a permanent shutdown, the agreement includes a series of steps intended to boost the underwater pipes' safety. Enbridge agreed to evaluate three options by June for routing the underwater segment through a tunnel or trench, on or beneath the lakebed — either using the existing pipes or building a new one.
The company promised steps to prevent the lines from being damaged by a ship anchor, expedite monitoring of the pipelines with cameras or other devices, and speed up methods for detecting potential ruptures and responding to spills.
Additionally, Enbridge said it would replace another section of Line 5 beneath the St. Clair River where it crosses the U.S.-Canadian border with a new pipe inside a tunnel after receiving federal and state permits.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert .
The heavy concentration of Indian military has affected the Indian occupied territory in a way that it witnessed nearly 50 percent increase in crimes against women in last eight years, according to Crime Records Bureau.
According to Kashmir Media Service, while 2087 cases of crime against women were registered in 2008 this figure went up to 3535 in 2015. As per the data, 2757 cases of crime against women included rape, attempt to rape, molestation and abduction were reported in 2009, 2521 in 2010 and 3329 in 2011.
Kidnapping and other violence have increased over 40 percent and 58 percent respectively during the period.
Kidnapping and abduction cases of women have gone up by 40 percent since 2008. The number of cases related to kidnapping reported in 2008 was 653 which went up to 1097 cases in 2015.Molestation cases have also gone up by around 35 percent. As many as 1340 cases of molestation were reported in 2015 against 869 cases in 2008.Rape cases have also witnessed an upward spiral with 312 cases reported in 2015 against 221 in 2008.
The regime has failed to establish `Investigative Units on Crimes against Women (IUCAW)' and an emergency helpline.
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports. It was a role with the CFL's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided them with a platform to merge their best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in their role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews, digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter. They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres.
On this week's media roundtable, we'll speak with Juan Gonzalez, co-host of Democracy Now! about their new book Reclaiming Gotham: Bill de Blasio and the Movement to End America's Tale of Two Cities.
They detail the impacts of neo-liberal policies on urban spaces, and how two decades of grassroots activism has produced progressive leaders around the globe, including San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz
Guest:
Juan González, co-host of Democracy Now!, and the author of Reclaiming Gotham: Bill de Blasio and the Movement to End America's Tale of Two Cities
Web Resources:
Democracy Now!: Juan González: Puerto Rico's Financial Control Board Worsened Crisis After Hurricane Maria
Democracy Now!: Juan González on Cities Leading the Revolt Against Trumpism & Neoliberal
Gothamist: Juan González On De Blasio's NY: The Mayor Has Not Confronted The Affordable Housing Crisis
Rubber Anti Viscosity Agent Market by Product Type (Stearates, Fatty Acid Esters, Fatty Acid Amides) by Application /End User (Tires, Industrial Rubber Products, Automotive) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Rubber Anti Viscosity Agent Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Rubber Anti Viscosity Agent Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Rubber Anti Viscosity Agent (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Rubber Anti Viscosity Agent Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/rubber-anti-viscosity-agent-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Rubber Anti Viscosity Agent Market: Product Type
• Stearates
• Fatty Acid Esters
• Fatty Acid Amides
Rubber Anti Viscosity Agent Market : End User / Application
• Tires
• Industrial Rubber Products
• Automobiles
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/rubber-anti-viscosity-agent-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Kashmir since the occupation: Sexual violence and its survivors
Since the occupation began in 1989-1990, Kashmiris have experienced a high incidence of violence, including extrajudicial killings, torture, forced disappearance, and incarceration
There is increasing litigation and political agitation around the world over sexual violence committed by military forces. Social stigma and shame about mass rape and sexual slavery are being shoved aside by a new spirit of defiance that sees them as torture and war crimes especially targeting women and children.
What changed is that women survivors and human rights advocates began to come forward in large numbers to demand justice. The most prominent cases are against the Japanese military for sexual slavery involving over 400,000 “comfort women” from countries occupied by Japan during WWII; against the Guatemalan military which in the 36-year civil war between 1960 and 1996 raped over 100,000 Mayan women and forced thousands to work shifts at military bases as sexual slaves; and against the Indian military claiming impunity for the 1991 gang rape and torture of women and girls at Kunan Poshpora as well as countless other individual and mass rapes.
Military sexual violence in Kashmir has a comprehensive character because the Indian military occupation of Kashmir has gone on for nearly 30 years and because there is such a heavy concentration of troops—estimated to be one soldier to seven Kashmiris. It involves every aspect of the problem: rape—including widespread gang rape—child rape, male and female rape, along with sexual slavery and pervasive sexual harassment. Its effects on social life and psychological equilibrium, especially for the young, must be overwhelming and terrifying and, in fact, there are several reports that post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), panic, phobia, sleep disorders, depressive disorders, even addiction, and stress-related physical maladies are prevalent among Kashmiris—but is especially high among women.
Sexual harassment as an instrument of intimidation:
Women and young girls have to sustain the indignities and terrors of soldiers' verbal taunting, cat-calling, leering and staring, suggestive gestures, pawing and stalking. For young girls with developing sexuality and social modesty, this must be a living hell of humiliation and degradation because they are powerless to object lest they be assaulted or arrested. Helplessly witnessing your beloved or others go through this daily must create extreme anxiety and stress conflicts.
Rape as an instrument of repression and social control:
Since the occupation began in 1989-1990, Kashmiris have experienced a high incidence of violence, including extrajudicial killings, torture, forced disappearance, and incarceration. Sexual violence is routine and considered one of the most pervasive in conflict zones around the world. Rape under military occupation is recognised as a sexualised form of torture which overwhelmingly targets women and children but includes men who sustain sexual torture in prison. It affects all who see their mothers, wives, daughters, and other beloved violated and who feel helpless to resist it.
Statistics of military rape in Kashmir are not reliable, especially of individual rapes by soldiers, but what is known and recorded by Kashmiri human rights activists shows it to be widespread and sadistic. Some estimate that there are about 500 rapes every year. The majority go unreported because of social stigma and shame but also fear that, if reported, victims and their families will be subject to abuse and reprisals for impugning the occupying army. After 28 years of occupation, it is also abundantly clear that no action will be taken against the military perpetrators so there must seem little point to filing a criminal complaint.
There are countless documented cases of gang rapes and brutal murders. The most infamous case is February 23, 1991, gang rape and torture at Kunan Poshpora involving elderly women, young girls, pregnant women, as well as the torture of men. The Indian government had successfully stonewalled justice on this monstrous human rights crime for 22 years, but on the anniversary of Kunan Poshpora in 2013, Samreena Mushtaq, who had documented sexual violence cases for the Jammu and Kashmir Coalition of Civil Society (JKCCS), along with other activists petitioned the Jammu and Kashmir High Court to reopen the case and a magistrate ordered a new investigation. In 2015, Mushtaq and four other women activists wrote “Do you remember Kunan Poshpora?” as an exposé of the character of the crime and the cover-up by the Indian state and armed forces. Activists have also designated February 23 as ‘Kashmiri Women's Resistance Day' so legal action will be augmented with political action which can be memorialised around the world in solidarity.
Stonewalling and impunity are where the politics of rape come in. These mass rapes are not cases of undisciplined troops on a sexual crime spree but are methodically calculated and orchestrated military operations to socially fracture and politically demoralise the Kashmiri struggle for self-determination. The chief instrument of military impunity is the draconian law called the ‘Armed Forces Special Powers Act' which legalises extrajudicial killings and prevents prosecution of military and paramilitary forces so that not a single soldier has ever been prosecuted for rape or murder.
None of the cases cited here have received anything close to justice; all are still being fought out and there are thousands more sexual crimes associated with the military in countries around the world. But activists are now challenging sexual violence as an instrument of war which is part of opposing war and occupation, and are showing that social stigma and shame will not be a deterrent to fighting for justice but only inspire them to fight harder.
Kashmiri activists are showing particular boldness and it will be an honour to commemorate Kashmiri Women's Resistance Day with them on February 23, 2017.
“Though many Wall Street analysts are looking at the same data points, they diverge on how the past few weeks have played out for Apple Inc. and its tenth-anniversary iPhone,” Emily Bary reports for MarketWatch.
“Analysts at KeyBanc Capital Market, for example, cited ‘mediocre iPhone X search volume' on Thursday, in a note arguing that iPhone X unit sales upside was ‘unlikely,'” Bary reports. “Global search volume for the iPhone X was comparable to that for the iPhone 6S, the analysts wrote, while “well below” volume for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 7.”
MacDailyNews Take: They forgot to factor in the price of ping pong balls in China.
“Raymond James analysts, meanwhile, wrote in late November that ‘all qualitative data points' looked ‘reasonably good' around Black Friday, pointing to search volume trends that were ‘consistent with decent year-over-year global demand for the new iPhone lineup,'” Bary reports. “Analysts at Piper Jaffray also think that there's plenty of consumer interest in the phones, citing a survey of “more than 400 current iPhone owners.” Nearly half of those surveyed said they ‘will' or ‘may' get a new phone within a year, compared with just 30% in the prior year's survey.”
Read more in the full article here.
The Big Bang Theory is one of the most popular sitcoms in the US, and around the world. When we heard a future episode would include content around cryptocurrency Bitcoin, it got us exciting and concerned about them doing justice in explaining the fairly complicated subject to a mass audience. Now Season 11, Episode 09 has been broadcast, we have our answer.
As you probably expect, its an extremely rudimentary explanation of what Bitcoin is, followed by some basic jokes around its volatility and practical uses. That issue aside, its perhaps the price fluctuation that makes the episode even more interesting. In the episode get a Dr Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons) introducing the topic, referencing an article on Bitcoin they sent to the group. This was followed by a line from Howard Wolowitz (Simon Helberg) about Bitcoin's price being ‘around $5,000 dollars'. Since filming (we guess around October), the price of Bitcoin has skyrocketed to now be worth US$16,495.38 at the time of writing, some 3 times the reference in the show.
Generally shows like this will stay away from real numbers and events that can place the episode filming at a specific date to make them almost timeless, as many sitcoms enjoy long lives of re-runs well into the future. The show had little choice, it had to make a reference to the price to show its significance in the cast tracking down Bitcoins they mined, some ‘7 years ago'. In 2010, the Bitcoin had only just begun, with the price sitting around $0.06 in July of that year.
There's a limited amount and we find it not by tunneling into the earth, but by using a computer to solve complex mathematical problems.
The clip from the episode is available below, with the whole conversation, including a flashback sequence lasting just 4 minutes. Ultimately BBT's take on Bitcoin was a disappointment to Bitcoin enthusiasts, given the show often consults experts in science when discussing deep and complex topics like quantum mechanics, black holes, or the Large Hadron Collider.
At current rates of greenhouse-gas emissions, the world could lock in 1.5 ˚C of warming as soon as 2021, an analysis by the website Carbon Brief has found. We're on track to blow the carbon budget for 2 ˚C by 2036.
Amid this daunting climate math, many researchers argue that capturing carbon dioxide from power plants, factories, and the air will have to play a big part in any realistic efforts to limit the dangers of global warming.
If it can be done economically, carbon capture and storage (CCS) offers the world additional flexibility and time to make the leap to cleaner systems. It means we can retrofit, rather than replace, vast parts of the global energy infrastructure. And once we reach disastrous levels of warming, so-called direct air capture offers one of the only ways to dig our way out of trouble, since carbon dioxide otherwise stays in the atmosphere for thousands of years.
Julio Friedmann has emerged as one of the most ardent advocates of these technologies. They oversaw research and development efforts on clean coal and carbon capture at the US Department of Energy's Office of Fossil Energy under the last administration. Among other roles, he's now working with or advising the Global CCS Institute, the Energy Futures Initiative, and Climeworks, a Switzerland-based company already building pilot plants that pull carbon dioxide from the air.
In an interview with MIT Technology Review, Friedmann argues that the technology is approaching a tipping point: a growing number of projects demonstrate that it works in the real world, and that it is becoming more reliable and affordable. They add that the boosted US tax credit for capturing and storing carbon, passed in the form of the Future Act as part of the federal budget earlier this year, will push forward many more projects and help create new markets for products derived from carbon dioxide (see “The carbon-capture era may finally be starting”).
Listen to more of the interview here (intro music: "Glenn" by Anitek):
Unfortunately, your browser does not support the audio element.
But serious challenges remain. Even with the tax credit, companies will incur steep costs by adding carbon capture systems to existing power plants. And a widely cited 2011 study, coauthored by MIT researcher Howard Herzog, found that direct air capture will require vast amounts of energy and cost 10 times as much as scrubbing carbon from power plants.
(This interview has been edited for length and clarity.)
In late February, you wrote a Medium post saying that with the passage of the increased tax credit for carbon capture and storage, we've “launched the climate counter-strike.” Why is that a big deal?
Department of Energy
It actually sets a price on carbon formally. It says you should get paid to not emit carbon dioxide, and you should get paid somewhere between $35 a ton and $50 a ton. So that is already a massive change. In addition to that, it says you can do one of three things: you can store CO 2 , you can use it for enhanced oil recovery, or you can turn it into stuff. Fundamentally, it says not emitting has value.
As I've said many times before, the lack of progress in deploying CCS up until this point is not a question of cost. It's really been a question of finance.
The Future Act creates that financing.
I identified an additional provision which said not only can you consider a power plant a source or an industrial site a source, you can consider the air a source.
Even if we zeroed out all our emissions today, we still have a legacy of harm of two trillion tons of CO 2 in the air, and we need to do something about that.
And this law says, yeah, we should. It says we can take carbon dioxide out of the air and turn it into stuff.
At the Petra Nova plant in Texas, my understanding is the carbon capture costs are something like $60 to $70 a ton, which is still going to outstrip the tax credit today. How are we going to close that gap?
There are many different ways to go about it. For example, the state of New Jersey today passed a 90 percent clean energy portfolio standard. Changing the policy from a renewable portfolio standard [which would exclude CCS technologies] to a clean energy standard [which would allow them] allowed higher ambition.
In that context, somebody who would build a CCS project and would get a contract to deliver that power, or deliver that emissions abatement, can actually again get staked, get financed, and get built. That can happen without any technology advancement.
The technology today is already cost competitive. CCS today, as a retrofit, is cheaper than a whole bunch of stuff. It's cheaper than new-build nuclear, it's cheaper than offshore wind. It's cheaper than a whole bunch of things we like, and it's cheaper than rooftop solar, almost everywhere. It's cheaper than utility-scale concentrating solar pretty much everywhere, and it is cheaper than what solar and wind were 10 years ago.
What do you make of the critique that this is all just going to perpetuate the fossil-fuel industry?
The enemy is not fossil fuels; the enemy is emissions.
In a place like California that has terrific renewable resources and a good infrastructure for renewable energy, maybe you can get to zero [fossil fuels] someday.
If you're in Saskatchewan, you really can't do that. It is too cold for too much of the year, and they don't have solar resources, and their wind resources are problematic because they're so strong they tear up the turbines. Which is why they did the CCS project in Saskatchewan. For them it was the right solution.
Shifting gears to direct air capture, the basic math says that you're moving 2,500 molecules to capture one of CO 2 . How good are we getting at this, and how cheaply can we do this at this point?
If you want to optimize the way that you would reduce carbon dioxide economy-wide, direct air capture is the last thing you would tackle. Turns out, though, that we don't live in that society. We are not optimizing anything in any way.
So instead we realize we have this legacy of emissions in the atmosphere and we need tools to manage that. So there are companies like Climeworks, Carbon Engineering, and Global Thermostat. Those guys said we know we're going to need this technology, so I'm going to work now. They've got decent financing, and the costs are coming down and improving (see “Can sucking CO 2 out of the atmosphere really work?”).
Related Story The carbon-capture era may finally be starting Analysis of a newly approved tax credit shows it could make an immediate dent in industrial emissions and narrow the financial gap for power plants.
The cost for all of these things now today, all-in costs, is somewhere between $300 and $600 a ton. I've looked inside all those companies and I believe all of them are on a glide path to get to below $200 a ton by somewhere between 2022 and 2025. And I believe that they're going to get down to $100 a ton by 2030. At that point, these are real options.
At $200 a ton, we know today unambiguously that pulling CO 2 out of the air is cheaper than trying to make a zero-carbon airplane, by a lot. So it becomes an option that you use to go after carbon in the hard-to-scrub parts of the economy.
Is it ever going to work as a business, or is it always going to be kind of a public-supported enterprise to buy ourselves out of climate catastrophes?
Direct air capture is not competitive today broadly, but there are places where the value proposition is real. So let me give you a couple of examples.
In many parts of the world there are no sources of CO 2 . If you're running a Pepsi or a Coca-Cola plant in Sri Lanka, you literally burn diesel fuel and capture the CO 2 from it to put into your cola, at a bonkers price. It can cost $300 to $800 a ton to get that CO 2 . So there are already going to be places in some people's supply chain where direct air capture could be cheaper.
We talk to companies like Goodyear, Firestone, or Michelin. They make tires, and right now the way that they get their carbon black [a material used in tire production that's derived from fossil fuel] is basically you pyrolize bunker fuel in the Gulf Coast, which is a horrible, environmentally destructive process. And then you ship it by rail cars to wherever they're making the tires.
Sign up for The Download Your daily dose of what's up in emerging technology Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to complete your sign up. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
If they can decouple from that market by gathering CO 2 wherever they are and turn that into carbon black, they can actually avoid market shocks. So even if it costs a little more, the value to that company might be high enough to bring it into the market. That's where I see direct air actually gaining real traction in the next few years.
It's not going to be enough for climate. We know that we will have to do carbon storage, for sure, if we want to really manage the atmospheric emissions. But there's a lot of ground to chase this, and we never know quite where technology goes.
In one of your earlier Medium posts you said that we're ultimately going to have to pull 10 billion tons of CO 2 out of the atmosphere every year. Climeworks is doing about 50 [at their pilot plant in Iceland]. So what does that scale-up look like?
You don't have to get all 10 billion tons with direct air capture. So let's say you just want one billion.
Right now, Royal Dutch Shell as a company moves 300 million tons of refined product every year. This means that you need three to four companies the size of Royal Dutch Shell to pull CO 2 out of the atmosphere.
The good news is we don't need that billion tons today. We have 10 or 20 or 30 years to get to a billion tons of direct air capture. But in fact we've seen that kind of scaling in other kinds of clean-tech markets. There's nothing in the laws of physics or chemistry that stops that.
When you think of Minneapolis music venue First Avenue, comedian Kevin Hart isn't exactly the first person who comes to mind. Kevin Hart Presents: Hart of the City, which airs on Comedy Central, follows Hart during a stand-up circuit in cities across America. The Twin Cities were recently featured on season two of the show. […]
SF mayor's race depends on ranked-choice voting — here's how it works
The special election to decide who will be San Francisco's next mayor is shaping up to be the first contest for the city's top job where the outcome hinges on the ranked-choice system, which voters adopted in 2004.
Under ranked choice, if no candidate receives the majority needed to claim outright victory, voters' second and third selections become critical.
Here's how it works:
•Voters select their top three picks for mayor, in order of preference.
•If no one receives a majority of votes in the first round — at least 50 percent plus one — the candidate with the fewest first-choice votes is eliminated, and their or their votes are redistributed to supporters' second choices.
•That process continues again and again, until a candidate reaches the 50 percent plus one threshold and is declared the winner.
To help explain the ranked-choice system, San Francisco's Department of Elections created a video breaking down the vote-counting process using colored sticky-notes to represent candidates.
Dominic Fracassa is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: dfracassa@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @dominicfracassa
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP) - Tunisia's Interior Ministry says a suspected extremist blew themselves up in the Ben Guerdane area near the border with Libya following a standoff with police.
The man's identity hasn't been disclosed. The ministry said in a statement issued Monday that a second suspect was shot during an exchange of fire.
Authorities said the two were members of Jund al-Khilafa, an armed group which has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State.
Tunisia's security forces battled armed groups that attacked security and military sites in Ben Guerdane two years ago with the alleged goal of creating an emirate. Some of the groups crossed over from Libya.
Tunisian security forces killed more than 50 alleged attackers. More than a dozen officers and seven civilians also died.
The new year has a way of creeping up — and along with the date change comes a whole set of new resolutions. For many, that includes getting organized.
Answer to your prayers? Linda Lightman, 54, the founder of Linda's Stuff who offers advice on clearing your closet and making money in the process. One of eBays' top sellers of luxury consignment, Lightman, who grew up in Merrick, believes most people have at least $3,000 worth of unwanted or unused items hanging around their homes. Them ABC Digital show, “I Can Find $3,000 in Your Home,” underscores the point (watch it at abc.go.com).
Lightman started selling their sons' unwanted video games on eBay in 2001 and today serves customers worldwide in their 93,000-square-foot headquarters in Hatboro, Pennsylvania.
A few weeks back, Newsday invited Lightman to the Port Washington home of Allison Vulpis, 46, who'd just moved in with husband Paul, 47, and two kids. “Moving made me realize how much extra stuff I had and I just hung it up in my closet even though I knew I would never wear it,” Vulpis said. “I hated the clutter and thought it would be terrific if I could make extra money getting rid of it.”
On a rain-soaked Tuesday, Lightman arrived. “Take me to your closet,” they ordered. In less than an hour, they deftly sifted through some 70 items Vulpis had pulled out — mostly clothes, accessories and a few decorative objects. Like a heat-seeking missile, their eyes lit upon three embroidered Jonathan Adler pillows. “Oh, those will do very well,” they said, checking the stats on their phone to see how much folks were paying for them: $110 each.
Onward to a collection of unwanted handbags. They spotted a fake Gucci in a nanosecond. “We can't sell this,” they said. Not true of a vintage Chanel bag — real — that they priced at $800. But not everything was as high-end: two old Coach bags in good condition would garner $90 each; a Free People cardigan, $29; and a pair of Kate Spade platforms, $39. They bundled some of the kids' clothes, two sparkly miniskirts, $39 for both, and a few little-boy tees, $29. At the last minute, Vulpis tossed on a vintage leather Alaïa jacket with big shoulders that nearly swallowed them “I was thinking of getting it tailored,” Vulpis said. But when Lightman pointed out how much that would cost versus the $599 they thought it would command, Vulpis relinquished the piece.
In the end, the estimated value was — CHA-CHING — $4,007. Noted, Lightman, like other consignors, charges a commission (though you can certainly do it on your own). For more information on their rates, go to shoplindasstuff.com
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Vulpis was thrilled. “I couldn't believe all the hidden money I had in my house. Now, my closet only has stuff I want and I've got some serious found cash.”
Royal Enfield has announced that it will preemptively extend GST benefits to customers on purchases from June 17.
The bullet manufacturer said they welcomed the Goods and Services Tax (GST) reform by the Government of India.
"We believe that GST will transform the way business is done in India thus benefitting the economy and our customers. Royal Enfield is preemptively extending the GST benefits to its customers and is ready to implement the on-road price revision on purchases beginning 17th June 2017 on products where applicable.We are committed to delivering customer satisfaction and giving authentic, pure motorcycling experience to our community and customers," the company said in a statement
Kyle Storer says Cheltenham Town's improving form in League Two will not be affected by their midweek defeat by Forest Green as they host Swindon Town on Saturday (3pm).
The midfielder was one of only three players to start both last Saturday's 2-0 win at Chesterfield and Tuesday night's Checkatrade Trophy group match, along with Taylor Moore and Jerell Sellars.
Rovers made only two changes to their strongest line-up and came back from a goal down to win 2-1.
"We have been in great form for the past six or seven games really," Storer said.
"You have to give Forest Green credit because they won the game with a strong side, but we need to get back to basics and get three more points on the board against Swindon.
"We have to move on quickly because it's a big game on Saturday and we understand the fans will be disappointed to lose to our rivals and we apologise for that, but our league form has been fantastic and we have to kick on in October and keep moving up that table."
Cheltenham are yet to taste defeat by Swindon in five previous competitive meetings at Whaddon Road.
The last meeting saw Mark Yates' Robins emerge 5-0 winners in the first round of the FA Cup, with Byron Harrison scoring a hat-trick along with goals from Terry Gornell and Matt Richards in 2014/15.
The most recent league meeting was a 1-0 win for Cheltenham thanks to Steve Elliott's header against Paolo Di Canio's Swindon six years ago.
There have also been three League One matches, with two wins and a draw for the Robins, who could move within two points of their visitors with a win on Saturday.
Midfielder Joe Morrell is due back after starting for Wales Under-21s in their 3-1 win 2019 Uefa European Championship qualifier in Liechtenstein.
Kevin Dawson is not far away from being considered after missing the last two matches with bone bruising in their knee, but they are unlikely to start against Swindon.
Swindon goalkeeper Lawrence Vigouroux has been banned for four games for using "foul and abusive language" towards match officials.
Vigouroux was shown a red card after the final whistle of Swindon's 2-1 defeat by Coventry on September 26.
They will be disciplined by Swindon and miss league games against Cheltenham, Mansfield, Lincoln and Wycombe.
Vigouroux has started all of Swindon's 11 League Two fixtures this season, keeping four clean sheets.
FILE - In this May 10, 2018 file photo, women carry a banner calling attention to the cases of people who have gone missing in the fight against drug cartels and organized crime, demanding authorities locate their loved ones, as they mark Mother's Day in Mexico City. According to federal data, there have been more than 6,000 registered disappearances in Mexico's Tamaulipas state alone since 2006, more than any other state. Eduardo Verdugo, File AP Photo
RHODELL, WV (THE STATE JOURNAL) — Residents in Rhodell will vote in June during a special election whether to have their small Raleigh County town dissolved to an unincorporated status.
According to Raleigh County Commissioner Dave Tolliver, the scheduled election comes after the appointment of a new mayor and council members specifically for voting and sending a petition to the county to hold the election.
Tolliver said there are 128 registered voters and the town needed at least 25 percent of the registered voters in Rhodell to request to have the town's charter dissolved. In other words, the town will go from “incorporated” to “unincorporated.”
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE.
Comments
comments
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HIGHLIGHTS Stars include actor Robert Mukes of ‘House of 1,000 Corpses'
Guest of honor: Felix Silla of ‘Addams Family,' ‘Star Wars,' ‘Batman'
Being a “geek” these days equates to being passionate. Those who ignite over science fiction, fantasy and horror pop culture will unite this weekend in Hauppauge at the L.I. Geek Convention in the Hyatt Regency.
“We're kind of the opposite of New York Comic Con. This is not about waiting online all day or being overwhelmed by 100,000 people,” says showrunner Ken Deep. “Our event is smaller and more intimate. It's a good community of like-minded friends in a judgment-free safe space for people who are geeks.”
Here's what is on the schedule for the con:
SPECIAL GUESTS
Fans come face-to-face for autographs and photos with movie and TV character actors such as Robert Mukes, the 6-foot-10 actor from Rob Zombie's “House of 1,000 Corpses.”
“The conventions give me the feeling of people cheering me on,” says Mukes, who will be interviewed for a panel at 1 p.m. Saturday and noon Sunday. “It's very rewarding, and I really appreciate it.”
The guest of honor is actor Felix Silla, who is the only man to appear in the TV “Battlestar Galactica,” “Star Trek” and “Buck Rogers” and film “Star Wars,” “Planet of the Apes” and “Batman” franchises.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Standing 3-foot-11, Silla is the legendary little person who portrayed an Ewok in “Star Wars: Episode VI — Return of the Jedi,” the Emperor Penguin in “Batman Returns” and Cousin Itt on “The Addams Family” TV show, and they were even in the pilot episode of “Star Trek” back in 1966.
“People are surprised to see me in person because they've never seen my face,” says Silla, who will be interviewed for panels at 4 p.m. Saturday and 1 p.m. Sunday. “Some people don't believe it was me!”
GET IN THE GAME
An entire gaming section, run by Dave VanderWerf of Game Master Games in Hicksville, will be on hand. More than 30 board games, including Ticket to Ride and The Settlers of Catan, can be played.
On Saturday at noon, “Star Wars” enthusiasts can compete in an X-Wing Blind Box Battle Royale, a board game with keepsake miniatures ($10 to enter). “Last person standing gets a prize,” says VanderWerf.
COSPLAY CRAZINESS
If you like to dress up, enter “The Multiverse Masquerade” — a cosplay fashion show to be held at 8 p.m. Saturday. All genres are welcome, but every costume must be family-friendly.
“People like to shed their real identities and become a character for a day,” says costume event director Jan Fennick. “It's a way to come out of your shell and be the life of the party!”
FOR THE KIDS
Children are welcome to partake in the festivities. The Suffolk County Library Association will oversee a host of kids' activities ranging from “Harry Potter” wand making (2 p.m. Saturday) to “Star Wars” Padawan training with the Saber Guild (noon Saturday, 1 p.m. Sunday) to Pikachu pom-pom craft (11 a.m. Saturday).
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“Fandom is our focus,” says Stefanie Gangone, the convention's director of children's programming. “These kids are part of this family of geeks, and we encourage them to be who they are.”
PANEL POWER
More than 50 panels will be held over the weekend on a variety of topics. For “Star Wars” fans, there's a panel on the sequel trilogy (4 p.m. Sunday), 40th anniversary trivia (10:30 a.m. Saturday) and a “Rebels, Rogues and Ruffians” panel (2 p.m. Saturday).
“Game of Thrones” geeks can join the “Winter Is Here” panel at 10 a.m. Sunday or celebrate 20 years of “Buffy the Vampire Slayer” at the “Nevertheless, They Persisted” panel, also Sunday at 10 a.m.
Actor, writer and producer Richard Kahan will screen an episode of “Outlander” titled “Untimely Resurrection” and discuss it at 5 p.m. Saturday.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I enjoy the immediate feedback from these passionate fans,” says Kahan. “It speaks to the power of the art.”
A Facebook video of an Ohio man shooting a 74-year-old retiree in Cleveland was up for three hours Sunday after it was posted, raising questions about the social-media network's process for taking down objectionable content posted by its users.
The shooter's profile page was also removed. Facebook will deactivate accounts if it determines they pose safety threats.
FACEBOOK POLICY
The company said it does not allow such “horrific crime” on Facebook.
Advertisement
It has algorithms that attempt to automatically filter out some stuff, like pornography. But the decision of whether to take down violent acts on video is more complicated.
There is a team that monitors videos in dozens of languages, and must decide what to remove. Graphic videos and images that document human rights abuses and are intended to make others aware of them, for example, could be permitted. Videos that violate the company's standards , including those that “glorify” violence, that are “shared for sadistic pleasure,” or that mock victims, would be removed.
It's not alone in this approach. Google says “violent” or “gory” videos intended to be “shocking, sensational or disrespectful” shouldn't be on YouTube but, like Facebook, says that it allows videos of some violent episodes to remain, such as footage of, say, protesters being beaten with information added about the date, location and additional “context.” Users report graphic or violent videos.
SOCIAL BENEFIT
Live video posted of Philando Castile , a black man who was shot by police in Minnesota during a traffic stop, helped drive attention to police shootings of black men through millions of viewings in July 2016. The video was down briefly, which the company blamed on a glitch, but then was back up. Facebook attached a warning about graphic content.
REMOVAL PROCESS
Facebook relies on users to report videos that glorify violence or disrespect victims. People have to know how to report videos and take the step to do it. Facebook reviews most video within hours, but that means some take longer. One exception: Videos posted live that rack up a certain high number of viewers are reviewed by the company and can be interrupted without any reports from users. The company would not specify what that threshold is.
A Kenilworth cyclist has raised almost £6,000 for Myton Hospice as a way of repaying the care they gave to their mother.
Jason Caddy, 40, of Rounds Hill, completed two lengthy cycle challenges in July and August to raise the money.
And they recently presented a cheque worth £5,892.91 to Myton to formally pass on the money they raised.
Jason's mother Carol spent ten days in the Warwick hospice before they died in February, and they felt they had to do something to pay Myton back.
They had already raised £920 at Carol's funeral and wanted to build on that figure.
They said: “I saw the figure about a bed costing £535 a day and thought ‘I want to pay for mum's stay' and that's how it all started really.
“My mum was very much about paying their way and they never wanted to be a burden so it was nice to be able to raise the money.
“As a family we really applaud the services they offered.”
Jason's first long ride was the ‘Wales in a Day' challenge, which saw them cycle 185 miles from Caernarfon in north Wales all the way to Chepstow in the south. It took them more than 12 hours and involved 15,000 feet of climbing.
And their second challenge just six weeks after was Myton's 100-mile cycle challenge, another tough ride which took them through Warwickshire and the Cotswolds.
This was all after only taking up cycling four years ago.
Jason said: “I did a fair amount of cycling before, but nothing as extreme as Wales. I trained as much as I could.
“It was a tough day in the saddle - we started at 4am and we were up and down all day.”
Jason is thinking of taking on more challenges in the future to raise more money for the hospice, and their sister Shelley is toying with the idea of doing a charity skydive.
The U.S. embassy in Berlin is celebrating Independence Day with a helping hand — or should we say paw — from Ambassador Richard Grenell's dog “Lola.”
Happy #IndependenceDay from Lola and U.S. Embassy #Berlin. We will be closed tomorrow, #July4, in observance of the holiday. pic.twitter.com/2AvKLS32ID — US-Botschaft Berlin (@usbotschaft) July 3, 2018
The embassy — which is closed on the Fourth of July — wished Americans a Happy Independence Day with a photo featuring Grenell's dog. “Happy #IndependenceDay from Lola and U.S. Embassy #Berlin. We will be closed tomorrow, #July4, in observance of the holiday,” the embassy tweeted. Grennel's Blue Lacy is pictured posing in front of an American flag, sporting a pair of red and blue sunglasses.
Lola, who moved to Berlin with Grenell, is a familiar face on its owner's Instagram account. How much does the highest-ranking U.S. diplomat in Germany love their hound? “[M]y dog runs my life,” their Twitter bio states.
Newark to Berlin #lola A post shared by richardgrenell (@richardgrenell) on May 7, 2018 at 12:42pm PDT
Christmas tree on the pier? meh. A post shared by richardgrenell (@richardgrenell) on Dec 18, 2017 at 5:57pm PST
Lola For President #MakeAmericaLovableAgain A post shared by richardgrenell (@richardgrenell) on Aug 26, 2017 at 2:54pm PDT
Lola wanted a selfie #lifeoflola A post shared by richardgrenell (@richardgrenell) on Jun 7, 2017 at 9:56am PDT
In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News, Grenell's said they aim to “empower” emerging conservative leaders across Europe.
“There are a lot of conservatives throughout Europe who have contacted me to say they are feeling there is a resurgence going on,” they told Breitbart London's Chris Tomlinson. “I absolutely want to empower other conservatives throughout Europe, other leaders. I think there is a groundswell of conservative policies that are taking hold because of the failed policies of the left.”
Lola was sitting in on this interview, as well.
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- Turns out, woodpeckers do get brain damage. All that pecking comes at a price, new research shows -- or does it?
Until now, many assumed woodpeckers had a remarkably resilient brain. Woodpeckers absorb 1,200 to 1,400 g's of force every time they slam their head and beak into a tree. Just 60 to 100 g's is enough to cause a concussion in humans.
"There have been all kinds of safety and technological advances in sports equipment based on the anatomic adaptations and biophysics of the woodpecker assuming they don't get brain injury from pecking," Peter Cummings, researcher at the Boston University School of Medicine, said in a news release. "The weird thing is, nobody's ever looked at a woodpecker brain to see if there is any damage."
When scientists analyzed the brains of woodpeckers from collections at Chicago's Field Museum and the Harvard Museum of Natural History, they discovered elevated levels of tau, a protein linked with degenerative brain disease in humans.
In moderation, tau proteins support healthy brain function.
"The basic cells of the brain are neurons, which are the cell bodies, and axons, which are like telephone lines that communicate between the neurons," said researcher George Farah. "The tau protein wraps around the telephone lines -- it gives them protection and stability while still letting them remain flexible."
But brain damage can cause tau to accumulate and begin sabotaging brain function instead of supporting it.
"Cognitive, emotional, and motor function can be compromised," said Cummings.
Just as has been found in the brains of athletes who sustain multiple brain injuries during their careers, woodpecker brains featured larger amounts of tau than the brains of similarly sized, non-pecking peers.
Scientists can't be certain that the woodpeckers suffer brain injuries, but the evidence suggests they do.
"The earliest woodpeckers date back 25 million years -- these birds have been around for a long time," Cummings said. "If pecking was going to cause brain injury, why would you still see this behavior? Why would evolutionary adaptations stop at the brain? There's possibility that the tau in woodpeckers is a protective adaptation and maybe not pathological at all."
If tau is indeed a protective agent, the new research -- published this week in the journal PLOS One -- could inspire new ways of thinking about brain injuries and how to prevent them.
"Is there something we can pick out to help humans with neurodegenerative diseases?" Cummings said. "The door's wide open to find out what's going on and how we can apply this to humans."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Friends and family are arranging an event in memory of a talented young artist who took their own life.
Nearly two years after the death of Alana Feakins they are holding a family fun day in the Forest of Dean.
The 30-year-old, who drew pet and people portraits in charcoal and pastels, died at Wotton Lawn Hospital in Gloucester after years of battling mental health problems.
Now loved ones have arranged the event at Drybrook Rugby Football Club to honour their memory and raise money for mental health charity Mind.
Them sister Alicia Cox said: “Even though they suffered with mental health issues herself, Alana was very supportive of Mind and would love to do things to help them and to raise awareness of their struggles.”
Organisers say although it was prompted by tragedy, it will be a fun day with bar, inflatables, music food and other family-friendly activities.
Calling on people of the Forest of Dean to get behind the event on April 29, family friend Kirsty Jennings wrote on social media: “As you may be aware we lost our beautiful Alana in October 2016 when they sadly took their own life due to mental health.
“We are now running a family fun day in their memory and to raise money for the Mental Health Charity MIND. This charity is very close to our hearts and so is keeping our girl's memory alive.
“The gates will open to the public at 12pm onwards we so hope you see so many of you there to help this great charity and share your happy memories of Alana who we all miss so dearly. “
An inquest heard that Alana from Coleford had been admitted to hospital on September 22, 2016, with thoughts of self-harm, doing harm to others and hearing voices but the mental health order was lifted on October 7, three days before they killed herself.
Staff there knew the former Royal Forest of Dean College student who had created a tree mural for the side of the 88-bed acute mental health hospital.
Assistant coroner Caroline Saunders recorded a narrative conclusion, saying they died as a result of suicide which was contributed to by their ability to gain access to items to aid suicide.
At the time of their death their family wrote: “Alana was a beautiful girl, a much-loved daughter, sister, auntie, fiancee and a friend of many.”
By RAUL DOMINGUEZ, Associated Press
SAN ANTONIO (AP) — Memphis coach David Fizdale blasted the officiating in Game 2 of the Grizzlies' first-round series against the Spurs, deeming it “unprofessional” and “unacceptable” before slamming their fist on a table and storming off.
San Antonio held off a late rally to beat Memphis 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round matchup.
Fizdale said the veteran crew of Danny Crawford, Rodney Mott and Bill Spooner “did not even give us a chance” to even the series. After initially saying they needed to “have a glass of wine on the plane” to analyze what happened, Fizdale unleashed a nearly two-minute tirade during a postgame interview that grew increasingly louder.
“It was a very poorly officiated basketball game,” Fizdale said. “Zach Randolph, the most rugged guy in the game, has zero free throws, but somehow Kawhi Leonard had 19 free throws?”
Grizzlies coach David Fizdale went off on the officials after Game 2. (via @NBATV) pic.twitter.com/AkqbUMbJ39 — SLAM Magazine (@SLAMonline) April 18, 2017
Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and made all 19 free-throw attempts. The Grizzlies took 15 free throws as a team against San Antonio's 32 even though Memphis attempted 35 shots in the paint, 17 more than the Spurs.
“I'm not a numbers guy, but that doesn't seem to add up,” Fizdale said.
Adding to Fizdale's consternation was the fact that Memphis rallied from a 26-point deficit in the second half and had an opportunity to win after a 29-point blowout in Game 1.
The Grizzlies closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter, but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Tony Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead.
Leonard shot all four of the Spurs free throws in the final quarter while the Grizzlies were limited to one on a three-point play by Marc Gasol.
“I felt like I got fouled the times that I went to the line,” Leonard said. “Memphis is a physical team throwing a lot of bodies at me. I guess I did something and the refs were paying attention and I was able to get to the line.”
The trio of Crawford, Spooner and Mott have officiated more than 400 playoff games over careers that span more than two decades for each, but Fizdale was irate with their performance.
Fizdale wasn't sure if their status as a first-year coach or their team's decorum had anything to do with the lopsided numbers, but they aren't happy with the result.
“Kawhi shot more free throws than our whole team, explain it to me,” Fizdale said. “We don't get the respect that these guys deserve because Mike Conley doesn't go crazy, they have class and they just plays the game. But I'm not going to let them treat us that way. I know (San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has) got pedigree and I'm a young rookie, but they are not going to rook us.
“That's unacceptable, that was unprofessional. My guys dug in that game and earned the right to be in that game and they did not even give us a chance.”
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
February's bumper set of by-elections started with a bang for us last night with a quite frankly ridiculous swing in Sunderland, as well as a tie for second place in Cornwall. It gives me great pleasure to inform you all that as of last night we are up 32.7% on previous corresponding elections.
A huge thank you to last night's brilliant team of volunteers who make calls for these campaigns. ALDC's grants are available to help in vital by-elections and are funded through vital fighting fund donations. If you can help us fight in even more wards, please donate here.
underland MB, Pallion – Lib Dem gain from Labour
LD Martin Haswell 1251 [53.9%; +49.5%]
Lab 807 [34.8%; -15.9%]
Con 126 [5.4%; -7.2%]
UKIP 97 [4.2%; -24.7%]
Green 39 [1.7%; -1.8%]
Can the rest of us have what you lot are having in Sunderland please? Almost exactly a year after the stunning success in Sandhill, Martin Haswell proved themselves the be the best local candidate with the best local campaign focusing on:
Perhaps the greatest testament to the Sunderland team's effort is that the turnout was higher in the by-election than in the last set of local elections (2016). It should provide proof to the rest of us that where we focus our efforts and run on local issues that matter to local people, we can, and will, win anywhere!
Cornwall UA, Falmouth Smithick – Labour hold
Lab 643 [60.2%; +19.9%] LD John Spargo 184 [17.2%; -1.7%] Con 184 [17.2%; -7.2%] Green 57 [5.3%; -11.0%] For this week's other contest, we thank John Spargo and the Cornwall Lib Dems for a tie of second in what was a good result for Labour in the South West. Truro and Falmouth, which covers this ward, was arguably Labour's best result in the South West (in terms of swing etc.), and the by-election was called as a result of the death of a popular local councillor, so this one was always going to be a tough one to gain. Perhaps another note to make from this week is the continuing poor performance of parties other than the main 3. It certainly seems that, in local elections anyway, we are seeing a rapid return to the genuine 3 party politics that dominated from the 70s up to 2010. ​
Next week we disappointingly are only standing candidates in 2 out of the 7 by-elections taking place, with a fair few taking places in the Midlands, and a couple on the South Coast. See you all next week! For a detailed list of this week's results please click here. If you would like more information on all the forthcoming by-elections and details on who to contact to help, click here.
* ALDC is the Association of Liberal Democrat Councillors and Campaigners
Los Angeles-based Reformation's newest San Francisco store is set to open this month, and will be designed to mimic the ease of online shopping.
“The whole store runs on technology,” said Reformation Founder and CEO Yael Aflalo according to Women's Wear Daily.
The two-level, 3500-square-foot space will not have mannequins or large signage. Customers can send clothes to a dressing room using an iPad, and once inside, a touchscreen mirror will allow customers to request new colors and styles based on store inventory. New items will be delivered to the dressing room through a “trap door” in under two minutes. Customers can also plug in their smartphones to hear their own music while trying on clothes.
ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court Wednesday summoned former secretaries of finance and information in a suo moto case related to the appointment of Ata ul Haq Qasmi as Managing Director (MD) of Pakistan Television (PTV) on July 9.
A three-member headed by Chief Justice of Pakistan (CJP) Mian Saqib Nisar also directed the counsel of former information minister Senator Pervaiz Rasheed to place their arguments on next date of hearing.
During the proceedings, the chief justice remarked that the court could not close its eyes and let the government do what it wanted.
Ayesha Hamid, counsel for Qasmi, argued that the appointment of the PTV MD was the prerogative of the federal government.
Upon this, the chief justice observed that the court could intervene whenever and wherever an issue of public interest was raised.
“No one thinks that we are fools,” they said, adding the age requirement for the PTV MD's post was relaxed.
The court observed that the government ignored rules and regulations and used unfair means to appoint Qasmi as PTV MD.
The court then directed Qasmi to appear in court within four hours. As they did not appear before the court, the bench adjourned the case till July 5.— APP
SOMERS POINT, N.J. (AP) - A New Jersey hospital has launched a $100,000 funding campaign to upgrade its maternity equipment.
The Press of Atlantic City reports Shore Medical Center is raising money to buy 10 new fetal monitors. The monitors track a baby's heart rate and a mother's contractions.
Hospital officials say the new equipment will improve birth experiences.
Shore Medical nurse manager Christl Dooley says fetal monitors are especially important in high-risk pregnancies. Dooley says the monitors help with issues like high blood pressure and diabetes.
___
Information from: The Press of Atlantic City (N.J.), http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com
A young American man trying an under-arm serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open.
Seen that before?
Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old 6-7 (2-7) 6-4 4-6 6-4 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted four hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss - perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
Camera Icon Jared Donaldson proved the under-arm serve isn't dead. Picture: Getty Images
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
They double-faulted. Then they tried an under-arm serve - not their first of the match, either - and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an under-arm service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
Business complains that it can't find suitable candidates to fill the number of vacancies that is the highest per head of population in the Eurozone. Employment minister Peeters insists that no single authority can sort it. The regions have the job of helping people to find jobs; the communities (Dutch-, French-and German-speaking) are responsible for training, while the federal government has powers over the labour market, the economy and taxation.
Belgian PM Michel says the devolved authorities now have an opportunity to make proposals that may be taken on board in a new action plan. Flemish PM Geert Bourgeois was upset by the document that Mr Michel had drawn up to kick-start the talks. "I have the impression they haven't got a clue what we are doing!" they told the daily De Standaard. Federal employment minister Peeters then accused the Flemish government of shooting themselves in the foot: "Only by working together will we sort it" they noted.
Civil Aerospace Simulation and Training Market – Overview
The global civil aerospace simulation and training market is growing with the rapid pace. According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The global market of civil aerospace simulation and training will grow at a rapid pace over the forecast period. The market is forecasted to witness slow but steady growth by 2023, which will be a surplus growth at a moderate CAGR during the projected period (2016 -2023).
The high demand for civil aerospace simulation and trainings is due to the growth in the flight training institutes. A civil aerospace simulation and training helps to artificially re-create aircraft flight and the flying environment, thus providing the real flying experience. In civil aviation flight training, such flight simulator systems are mainly used for pilot training. Compared with airborne training, flight simulation based training reduces the cost of flight crew training as well as the impact on environment. However, the high cost of producing and acquiring FFS and FTD systems acts as a barrier for the growth of civil aerospace simulation and training market.
The civil aerospace simulation and training market is completely dependent on the flight training institute. Thus, the increasing or decreasing demand of the flight training institute directly has an impact on the market. The availability of finance has eased the demand for flight institutes, due to which there has been a rise in the civil aerospace simulation and training market. Another factor responsible for the increase in aerospace simulation and training market is the macroeconomic development and the rise in the global middle class consumers. This is the primary factor that drives the growth of civil aerospace simulation and training market has gained prevalence in the recent times, with growth in demand for type-rated pilots. Thus, the growth of the civil aerospace simulation and training market is expected to go hand in hand with the growth of flight institute.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1384
Despite the growth in the overall market, the global civil aviation flight training and simulation market faces several challenges as well. One of the prominent challenges is the high cost of producing and acquiring FFS and FTD systems. The majority of an into flight training providers would not be able to acquire and operate the type of simulators required for a major portion of multi-crew pilot licence (MPL) training due to their cost. Also, shortage of flight instructors with the necessary ratings and competencies, and slow pace regulatory and licencing system for new training requirements are also the prominent challenges.
Despite the challenges, the global civil aviation flight training and simulation market shows immense growth potential, and it is expected to grow steadily in the future. However, flight simulator operating cost is one tenth of this figure and this would provide a huge economic benefit. Airline flight crew must undergo two days training and checking in a flight simulator every six months. There are various factors such as fleet modernisation plans of carriers, shift from traditional to simulation based trainings, long term cost benefits and flight simulation contributes to improve aviation safety that will boost the market in long term.
Civil Aerospace Simulation and Training Market – Segmentation
The Global Civil Aerospace Simulation and Training Market is segmented in to 3 key dynamics for the convenience of the report and enhanced understanding;
Segmentation by Simulator Type : Comprises Flight Training Devices, Full Flight Simulators, Flight Simulation Training Devices
Segmentation by Aircraft Type : Comprises Fixed Wing and Rotary Wing
Segmentation by Regions : Comprises Geographical regions – North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and South America.
Civil Aerospace Simulation and Training Market: Regional Analysis
European market is dominating the market of civil aerospace simulation and training market due to fall in spending by existing customers and introduction of modernised simulators. The market in the European region is largely driven by strong aerospace industry base in the U.K., which helps in global growth.
Asia Pacific is referred to as the second-largest civil aerospace simulation and trainings market due to factors such as largest air travel market have fuelled the demand for aircraft and simulation training market..
Browse Complete Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/civil-aerospace-simulation-training-market-1384
Cassie Wade
NEWS EDITOR
The Omaha Community Playhouse brought a piece of the Wild West back to town with its latest production “The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance,” directed by Jeff Horger.
“The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance” is performed by nine cast members. Its production is an official event the Nebraska 150 Celebration, which is a year-long celebration of Nebraska's 150th year of statehood.
Narrator Chris Berger, whose main purpose throughout the show is to ensure smooth transitions between scenes, opens the show by reading Bible verses while a funeral procession files on stage. A coffin containing the body of cowboy Bert Barricune, played by Isaac Reilly, is placed on the saloon tables while a small group of mourners gathers to pay their respects.
Annoyingly curious reporter Jane Dowitt, played by Aubrey Fleming, reveals that while Barricune lived the ordinary life of a cowboy, they knew extraordinary people, including Senator Ransome Foster. Foster agrees to explain how they knew Barricune, and with a little set rearranging, the cast flashes back to 1890.
Barricune is revealed to be a gruff, rough and tough Wild West cowboy. They travel where the work is and only returns to Twotrees to visit and verbally spar with their love interest, Hallie Jackson. Beneath their rough exterior, Barricune is revealed to have a heart of gold and protects those they care about, even when it means risking their own life.
Hallie Jackson, played by Sydney Readman, is Twotrees' saloon owner. She's a fast-talking tomboy with a no-nonsense attitude. While their character can come off as overly abrasive at times, they are central to the main character's development and even develops into a better, more-open minded person by the end of the show.
Ransome Foster, played by Dennis Stessman, is the show's main character. Foster, who was found beaten outside the territory, is carried into town by Barricune. After healing, they make a deal to stay in Twotrees for free in exchange for teaching the town members to read and write. He's the production's hero and though he's not big and strong, they still fight for what they believe in.
One of the show's biggest clichés take away from its overall message. Jim Mosten, played by Chad Cunningham, is an African American man working with Hallie in the bar. He's an excellent supporting character, but is routinely referred to as “boy,” by the white characters. The racism detracts from Foster's message of equality for all.
The show may not be appropriate for all age groups. Viewers interested in taking children should be warned that expletives include the f-bomb and n-word being dropped during the show.
Despite its drawbacks, the Omaha Community Playhouse's “The Man Who Shot Liberty Valence” is worth a watch. The excitement of spit takes, live gun fire and classic underdog story line are worth taking the time to see.
The show runs until Feb 10 – March 12. Tickets are available for purchase through the Omaha Community Playhouse Box Office, OmahaPlayhouse. com and TicketOmaha.com.
Admission costs $36 for adults and $22 for students. Reduced prices are available for groups of 12 or more.
Comments
comments
June 14, 2017
by The Canadian Press
MONTREAL—Canadian National Railway says it will spend $500 million over the next five years on technology to improve its safety and efficiency while also helping to face the potential challenge of driverless trucks.
Chief executive Luc Jobin told an investor conference June 14 that the country's largest railway will make the investments to improve its own operations and stay ahead of changes to the trucking sector that will evolve quickly over the next decade.
CN Rail's plan would reduce manual and clerical work. Jobin says the company expects to adjust to pressures on its workforce from digitization mainly through retirements, attrition and retraining.
CN Rail has already implemented some new technologies and is conducting trials on others.
The railway is testing a process called CanaPux to ship heavy crude from the Alberta oil sands to Asia. The process turns the bitumen into semi-solid “pucks” that can be more safely loaded and transported.
CN is also spending $1.2 billion by 2020 to implement Positive Train Control across its network, as mandated by the U.S. government. The system uses wireless communications, GPS and onboard computers to alert conductors about track and speed changes while maintaining a safe separation between trains to avoid collisions.
Ennis National Bank building turns 100
Something important is underway for all of us who care about our local history. The Ennis Historical Society is at the center of this good news, and with the help of that group, preservation
and research will be substantially aided. Society President Dennis Zembala recently announced the following: “We hope you can come to the Ennis Public Library to discuss an initiative to make the Ennis Historical Society's archival collections more accessible to the public on the internet. This past year we received a grant from the Hancher Foundation to digitize the library's past issues of the Ennis Daily News and make them available on the Portal to Texas History. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police closed part of the River Cam today (April 24) and a footbridge in Cambridge over concern for a man's safety.
Officers received reports of a man threatening to jump into the Cam at 6.30am on the Riverside Bridge by Cheddar's Lane near Tesco.
A team of police officers sat on the bridge and negotiated with the man.
The man was taken to hospital by the ambulance service just after 8am.
A bystander, who did not wish to be named, said there were two fire engines at the scene, including specialist fire and rescue personnel - who were carrying a yellow inflatable dingy towards the bridge.
A Cambridgeshire Constabulary spokesperson said: "We received the calls at around 6.30am near Cheddar's Lane, Riverside Bridge. A man was threatening to jump.
"Officers and the man were sat on the bridge in negotiation.
"The man was taken to hospital by the ambulance service just after 8am."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Duke's run at No. 1 ended with a court-storming loss at Boston College and No. 2 Kansas wilted in a rare home loss.
Undaunted and undefeated, Villanova is charging toward the top spot.
“We played the next No. 1 team in the country,” La Salle coach John Giannini said Sunday.
The Explorers got a taste of how tough it can be to knock off the Wildcats. La Salle scored more baskets, sank more 3-pointers, had more steals and still was just another victim in Villanova's unbeaten season.
Phil Booth scored 18 points and Donte DiVincenzo had 18 points and 10 rebounds to help the fourth-ranked Wildcats avoid an upset in a 77-68 win over La Salle.
“They don't have bad games,” Giannini said.
This was as close as one gets for the Wildcats (10-0). They were sloppy — throwing the ball away several times on outlet passes — slumped from the 3-point line and could not shake the pesky Explorers until the final minutes of the game to win their 21st straight Big 5 game.
The Wildcats had depth and a massive edge from the free-throw line to sink the Explorers. La Salle (5-6) was a two-man show in B.J Johnson and Amar Stukes, and that was enough to give them a 62-61 lead with 4:47 left.
But the Wildcats had Booth and DiVincenzo, and Jalen Brunson scored 17 and Mikal Bridges, quiet all game, came to life for crucial baskets late to seal the win. Throw in the whopping disparity from the line — Villanova made 27 of 35, La Salle was 4 of 5 — and the Wildcats made their case for why they should fight it out with No 3. Michigan State (9-1) to become the new No. 1 team in the AP Top 25.
“It's a great lesson for our guys. The score isn't always what the game is really about,” Villanova coach Jay Wright said.
Booth put the Wildcats ahead with three free throws and followed with an assist on DiVincenzo's 3-pointer that made it 67-62 and finally gave them a bit of breathing room. Bridges, coming off a career-high 28 points against Gonzaga, went inside for a pair of tough buckets and a 71-64 lead that brought the Villanova fans to their feet.
“These guys have played in these games. They're not surprised,” Wright said.
Johnson led the Explorers with 21 points and Stukes had 16 to help keep slim hopes alive of pulling off a stunner. The duo combined to hit seven 3-pointers and carried La Salle to the brink of victory.
“When we're out there and we started making plays, we felt like we could do that against anybody,” Stukes said. “The shots started falling. We just had to play defense.”
The Wildcats beat No. 12 Gonzaga by 16 points this week at Madison Square Garden and were expected to roll against the Explorers at the Wells Fargo Center. The foundation for their perfect record had come from the 3-point line; the Wildcats hit a school-record 19 against Saint Joseph's and buried 10 against the Zags. Against the Explorers, the 3s dried up in the first half. Villanova missed its first six attempts and missed eight of 10 overall in the half.
La Salle went the opposite direction in the first half. Shooting a miserable 29 percent from 3-point range this season, the Explorers went 6 of 12 to take a 38-37 lead. Stukes hit two straight 3s and their bucket a tick before the horn gave La Salle the lead at the break.
Villanova, Ls Salle, Saint Joseph's, Temple and Penn make up the city series field. The Wildcats have emerged as the class of the city and haven't been defeated by a Philadelphia-area team since Temple won on Dec. 5, 2012.
BIG PICTURE
La Salle: The Explorers lost for the 15th time in the last 16 games against Villanova. But a lot of teams lose all the time to ‘Nova. It's what the Explorers do from here that will define their season. They have two more nonconference games to shape up before they open the Atlantic 10 season Dec. 30 against St. Louis. The Explorers haven't made the NCAA Tournament since 2013 and will need more consistent performances like they had in the first half to get there again this season.
Villanova: The Wildcats win again. Even when the score is close, the outcome never seems in doubt against a city school. Los Angeles Lakers rookie Josh Hart, one of the stars of the 2016 national championship team, sat courtside and earned a standing ovation as the alum of the game. They trash-talked Johnson in the second half and laughed when the La Salle forward buried a bucket after their exchange.
OUCH
Villanova played without G Collin Gillespie because of a left wrist injury suffered in practice. Wright said Gillespie could miss up to a month.
UP NEXT
La Salle: Hosts Mercer on Sunday.
Villanova: The Wildcats finish the Big 5 season Wednesday at Temple.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United's development side booked their place in the final of the Cambs Invitation Cup with a convincing 3-1 win over Cambridge City.
It was an impressive outing for Mark Bonner's youngsters, who scored three goals of high quality through Ben Worman, Tom Knowles and Jordan Norville-Williams, with the latter netting a fine solo effort to put their side 3-0 up at the break in front of the watchful eyes of Ben Strang, Graham Daniels and Paul Barry.
Their hosts, in truth, didn't offer too much in response in the first half – a Jordan Williams header which thudded back off the post aside – but were much better after the break.
And it is to United's credit that they hung in and they did well to weather a storm with the Lilywhites getting more balls into the area and generally looking a threat from set pieces after the break, culminating in Lewis Wilson pulling a goal back from the spot.
And a special mention has to go to Steve Shaw and Joshua Jeche, playing at centre-back and right-back respectively, who also handled an experienced front line well.
After a few misplaced passes and shanked clearances in the opening few minutes the U's forwards started to show a bit of decent link-up play and, after six minutes, they took the lead.
A lovely sweeping move ended in Matt Foy laying the ball back to Ben Worman, who smashed an effort past Charlie Bannister in the City goal.
And the U's early dominance continued with a good through ball from Lee Watkins finding Matt Foy - but they couldn't get the ball out of their feet quick enough to carve out another chance.
And even though City hadn't particularly threatened all game, a lovely cross from Salim Relizan was flicked on by Wilson and – with Iron well beaten – came back off the inside of the post.
But soon enough it was 2-0. Watkins picked out Norville-Williams, bursting forward from full-back, who took out the entire City backline with a ball put across the face of goal which was finished off by Tom Knowles at a ground which they used to scoring goals at, both for City and St Ives.
And Norville-Williams then went from provider to scorer with the goal of the night. The full-back took Watkins floated ball down on their chest, burst in the area, cut back inside and curled the ball into the bottom corner.
After 40 minutes the U's were cruising and their wasn't much to keep the City fans in Westwood Road warm until the end of the half when Jack Vasey was put through one on one, although they stiker wasn't able to take advantage and it ended 3-0 at the break.
The Lilywhites started the second period well – with a few chances to get the ball in the area from free kicks – but they lacked any real conviction again and the U's were comfortable enough.
They were then handed a lifeline when Wilson was wiped out by Iron in the area. The striker dusted themselves down then sent the keeper the wrong way to make it 3-1.
And the keeper was kept busy towards the end of the game – having to assert themselves to get to some of City's set-plays as well as making smart save from a Ross Paterson shot.
Robbie Nightingale's side nearly reduced the deficit to just the single goal on 72 minutes when, after a Williams free kick wasn't dealt with, the ball fell to Jordan Gent who, on the turn, blasted their shot just wide of the far post.
But Foy, too, could have found the net for their team. The striker did well to create the space for themselves but just curled their effort beyond the post.
And as the game wore on things really started to open up – with City substitute Nathan Olumkanmi running best part of the pitch before pulling it back into the area – although no one was there to get on the end of it.
And both sides found time to sting the palms of the keeper – but neither could find the net again and it ended 3-1.
City: Bannister, Robinson, Capel, Peterson (for Sharman, 68), Gent, Williams, Relizani, Harradine, Wilson, Vasey (Maynard, 57), Seymoure-Shove (Hall, 51).
Unused: Olukanme, Theobald
United: Iron, Jeche (Johnson, 82), Norville-Williams, Squire, Shaw, Goode , Knowles (Battersby, 85), Watkins, Foy ©, Worman, Mutswunluma (Neal, 62)
Unused: Foxhall
FOUNTAIN SPRINGS — Three weeks ago, Janine Lucas and their daughter, Taylor Lucas, opened a salon at 325 Broad St.
“We opened it on my birthday, July 24,” Janine Lucas said Sunday, when the grand opening was held.
It's called Pink Ivory Salon.
“The salon was named Pink Ivory because they are dyeing elephant tusks pink and rhino horns so poachers stop killing them for their ivory. My daughter is into this cause very strongly. We sell T-shirts with the name on and we donate $5 from each fund to elephant conservation,” Janine said.
The donations will go to Save the Elephants, a conservation organization, at www.savetheelephants.org.
When their close friends think of Janine's goal to open the business, they'll think about their personal struggle over the past two years.
They suffered from cancer and endured bone marrow treatments. But now, with their disease in remission, the mother-daughter team is looking forward to the success of their establishment.
Janine, 54, graduated from Pottsville Area High School in 1981, Empire Cosmetology school in 1993 and Vintage Real Estate Academy in 2004. They work as an interior decorator.
“I was diagnosed in November 2013 with non-Hodgkin's follicular lymphoma B-cell. I was stage 4. I had a total hysterectomy. They removed 11 tumors, fluid and part of my parametrium. I was basically cut in half. And the medical staff told my husband I wouldn't make it to the spring. They had never seen someone with so much cancer survive. Well, I did,” Janine said.
They found themselves bedridden in their living room for nearly six months.
“I had to do two years of maintenance chemo. I had four treatments and started having difficulty breathing. I had blood clots in my lung and my superior vena cava was 100 percent blocked. The doctors told me most people do not survive that. Well, I had a venogram where they went through my neck and then my groin and did a catheterization and unblocked it,” they said.
When they were in remission, they tried to get their life back on track.
“I started working on the salon. I was 22 months in remission. I started the salon in November 2015 and one month later, my cancer came back,” they said.
Then they were told they had to get a bone marrow transplant.
“I refused to get it done until I walked my daughter down the football field for senior night on October 29, 2016. Taylor is my only child,” they said.
“She is my life and that is why I wanted this salon, to have a business with them We are very close. I have put my family through hell and back with this cancer. The reason I am alive is because of the grace of God and my daughter. I fought very hard to live for them I am so proud of them We were supposed to be open last year but I got sick and we had to put it off until after the transplant,” Janine said.
“I walked them down that field on October 29, then on November 2, I was in the hospital. I had my bone marrow transplant on November 8, 2016. I was in the hospital for a month. I am still in recovery, but I am not putting my life on hold anymore,” Janine said.
Them daughter, Taylor, 18, graduated from North Schuylkill on May 31.
“My daughter leaves Friday for Penn State Harrisburg.  They are going to be a meteorologist. Even with all this heartache, they managed to be a distinguished honors student, be in a play, in chorus and cheer for 13 years. I know they did it for me,” they said.
“This salon means a lot to us. It is like a conquest that I got this done. I didn't let cancer win and my doctors told me that the type of cancer comes back, but I am hoping to stay cancer-free for a while because they are making such great strides with it,” they said.
“We have a staff of seven cosmetologists, nail techs and massage therapists. We offer all types of hair and nail services along with massage, reflexology and much more. My husband, Larry, also owns Lucas Custom Body Shop and Lucas Used Cars aside of the salon,” they said.
Contact the writer: spytak@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6011
Global fire resistant fabrics market research information: type (treated fire resistant fabrics,), application (apparel, apparel) end-user industry (Oil & Gas, Building & Construction, defense and Others) – Forecast till 2023
Fire Resistant Fabrics Market Overview:
The global fire resistant fabrics are a lucrative market and are expected to grow at a considerable CAGR over the review period. Fire resistant fabrics are a class of textiles that are designed to withstand heat and resist burning. The growing regulation on work safety coupled with the increasing adoption in the industrial sector are the major factors driving the global fire resistant fabrics market. Fire resistant fabrics are extensively used in various end-use industries such as building and construction, oil and gas, firefighting, and military & defense among others. However, volatile raw material cost along with the high production cost may hamper the market growth over the assessment period. Furthermore, the development of environment-friendly fire resistant fabrics, with low toxicity, and smoke, is anticipated to be the major opportunity to investment over the forecast years.
Among the various types segments in the fire resistant fabrics market, the treated fire resistant fabrics are dominating the market whereas the inherent fire resistant fabric is expected to witness a rapid growth during the forecast years. The low cost of treated fire resistant fabrics is expected to significantly contribute to the growth of the segment. Among the application segment, apparel is anticipated to be the dominant segment due to the growing demand for flame fighting apparels from the industries such as oil and gas, construction, and defense among others. Moreover, the rising application in tents, outdoor furniture, sports bags, glove cuffing and others is expected to surge the demand for inherent fire resistant fabric. The industrial segment is expected to boost the market of fire-resistant fabrics during the forecast period. The growing stringent work safety regulations have augmented its use in the oil and gas, transportation, building and construction and other industries.
Fire Resistant Fabrics Segmental Analysis
The global fire resistant fabrics market is segmented into type, application, and end-user. On the basis of the type, the market is segregated into treated fire resistant fabrics, inherent fire resistant fabrics. The market for the application, the market is categorized into apparel and non-apparel. The market by the end use industry is further segregated into oil & gas, building & construction, defense and public safety, transportation, and others.
Get Sample Copy of this Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5448
Fire Resistant Fabrics Industry Key Players
E.I. DuPont De Nemours and Company (U.S.), Kaneka Corporation (Japan), PBI Performance Products Inc. (U.S.), Royal TenCate N.V. (Netherlands), Teijin Ltd. (Japan), Westex By Milliken (U.S.), Gun EI Chemical Industry Co., Ltd. (Japan), Huntsman Corporation (U.S.), Lenzing AG (Austria), Solvay S.A. (Belgium), W. L. Gore Associates Inc. (U.S.), and others.
Fire Resistant Fabrics Market Regional Analysis
The fire resistant fabrics market is segmented into five regions: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, Asia Pacific holds the major share of the market and is expected to be the fastest growing region with an encouraging CAGR. Growing urbanization and the globalization in the developing nations are primarily driving the growth of the fire resistant fabrics market. Moreover, the burgeoning construction and the oil and gas industry in countries, such as India and China, is increasing the demand for fire resistant fabrics which, in turn, is propelling the market growth.
North America is another dominant region in the global market, exhibiting a high CAGR. The growing adoption of fire-resistant fabrics in the developed end-user industries is substantially driving the growth of the market. Moreover, the growing oil and gas activities in the region coupled with developed transportation sector is further adding to the growth. The growing technological advancements in the region and the increasing research & development activities for the production of environment-friendly fire resistant fabrics are anticipated to positively affect the market growth.
Full report on Fire Resistant Fabrics Market report spread across 139 pages, profiling 15 companies and supported with tables and figures available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/fire-resistant-fabrics-market-5448
Intended Audience
Fire resistant fabrics market manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of fire-resistant fabrics market
Production process industries
Potential investors
Raw material suppliers
Nationalized laboratory
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@Market research future.com
A measure that would prohibit restaurants from providing single-use plastic straws unless requested by a customer was approved by the Assembly on Wednesday and will now be considered by the state Senate.
Straws are the fifth most common item gathered at beach clean ups, according to 5 Gyres. Those that remain in the ocean typically break down into small particles and can be mistaken for food by marine animals.
The proposed law, AB 1884, is intended to reduce the number of straws that end up on the beach and in the ocean, as well as in landfills. An unofficial tally of the Democrat-backed bill showed it passed in a 46-19 party-line vote with 13 members not casting votes.
“AB 1884 will help us meet our solid-waste goals and reduce the negative effects of plastic pollution,” said Assembly Majority Leader Ian Calderon, D-Whittier, co-author of the measure. “By removing the default behavior of providing straws with every drink, a consumer is given the chance to make a deliberate, small change that will lessen the harmful impacts of discarded plastic straws in our environment.”
Related: 6 California bills targeting plastics that end up on the beach and in the ocean
Assemblyman Matthew Harper, R-Huntington Beach, was among those opposing the measure.
“California businesses already have too much regulation,” Harper said. “Going after litterers is the way to address the problem, not going after the restaurants. … You hardly get anybody who gets cited for litter. That's something that should be stepped up.”
In February, the Malibu City Council voted unanimously to ban restaurants and food vendors from offering plastic straws, stirrers and cutlery. Manhattan Beach, Santa Cruz, Davis and San Luis Obispo have related restrictions.
Additionally, many restaurants have decided on their own to limit the use of single-use plastic straws. It is one of several criteria than can qualify eateries for the Surfrider Foundation's list of ocean-friendly restaurants.
The Treasury Department's Office of Intelligence and Analysis (OIA) has repeatedly violated domestic surveillance laws by viewing and storing private American citizens' financial activity and data, government officials told BuzzFeed News. The actions, which had been going on under former President Barack Obama, have apparently continued under Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence Sigal Mandelker.
The Treasury Department is allegedly accessing info that is handed over by banks at the end of each day to a database maintained by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), which uses the data to watch for activities like money laundering or terrorist operations. The OIA, on the other hand, is tasked with watching for financial crimes outside the U.S., as dictated by a Reagan-era law that limits federal agencies' ability to surveil American citizens. "This is domestic spying," emphasized one senior Treasury official.
Some officials also claimed the OIA was allowing additional intelligence agencies to access the information about private citizens, including CIA and Defense Intelligence Agency staffers. "Officials from those agencies have been coming to work at OIA for short periods of time, sometimes for as little as a week, and thereby getting unrestricted access to information on U.S. citizens that they otherwise could not collect without strict oversight," BuzzFeed News writes.
A Treasury Department spokesperson denied the reports, claiming that all its branches "operate in a manner consistent with applicable legal authorities." Read the full report at BuzzFeed News. Jeva Lange
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, chief strategist for the MAGA Coalition, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow for a full hour on Friday's Breitbart News Daily to talk about the possible end of the Iran nuclear deal.
Gorka said that “the jury is not out” on the potential recertification of the Iran nuclear deal in October.
advertisement
“I can tell you one thing: I was in the Oval the day it was recertified last. It was the president behind the Resolute Desk. It was Steve [Bannon] and myself on the side of the president. It was H.R. McMaster, Rex Tillerson, [Steven] Mnuchin who were saying we have to recertify,” they recalled.
“I'll tell you one thing, the president was not happy last time about theirs being pushed to recertify. They said, ‘You're giving me the same excuses you gave me last time.' I told everybody after I left the White House they will not recertify a third time with these excuses,” Gorka said.
“The nail in the coffin, or the thing that supports the president, is what we found out a week ago: there's this section T, or paragraph section T, of the original Iran deal that is supposed to allow the IAEA inspectors, the International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors, onto military sites in Iran. Iran has refused access to the IAEA, and I think that's it,” they judged.
“So there will be no recertification. The question is, what happens in the 60 days after that? Does the administration throw it to the Senate to deal with this? Do we threaten a new sanctions package and they try and renegotiate a new deal? I'm leery of some kind of ‘half-pregnant' solution coming outside of the Swamp and the establishment. But the president knows they can't recertify,” they said.
Gorka explained that if Iranian compliance is not recertified, it will open a 60-day window in which sanctions canceled by the nuclear deal can be re-imposed against Iran. At that point, the president must decide whether to “snap back all the old sanctions” or “go back to the drawing board” with our European allies to craft a new nuclear deal.
“The dirty little secret about the Iran deal? There's only one country Iran is actually threatening every Friday in the mosques, apart from Israel, and it's not Germany. It's not France. It's not the U.K. It's us,” they noted. “The idea that this is a club of equals dealing with Iran, it's totally bogus. Everybody else on that deal, especially Germany and France, is making a lot of money in Iran. Therefore, they're not exactly unbiased in terms of the JCPOA and doing business.”
Gorka credited President Trump with pushing European nations to meet their defense spending obligations under the NATO charter, thus moving one step closer to becoming “serious nations.”
“If you want to be our friend, you need to be serious. And when you're spending 70 percent of your defense budget on personnel costs and pensions, you are not a serious nation,” they said.
As for strife inside the Trump administration over recertification of the Iran deal, Gorka said with a heavy sigh that they promised the president they would not “attack individual members of the Cabinet,” but they suggested defenders of the Iran deal were excessively worried about the reaction of allied nations at a time when America should be showing decisive leadership.
“When we talk about things like ‘strategic patience' and ‘leading from behind,' that's when things collapse,” they argued, citing two notorious foreign policy slogans from the Obama administration. “That's when Crimea gets invaded. That's when North Korea proceeds to blackmail us with their nuclear weapons.”
Speaking of North Korea, Gorka said China is the key to resolving the nuclear missile crisis without a military confrontation.
“It's not about this crazy guy in North Korea. It's about Beijing – because it's not 80 percent; it's upwards of 93, 94 percent of all imports into North Korea come from China. China controls the spigot. If they want to solve this problem, they can solve it right now,” they explained.
“They're starting to realize how serious it is, but they have to really turn the spigots off,” they urged.
Dr. Sebastian Gorka is a former deputy assistant to President Trump and former National Security editor for Breitbart News.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
It's well over a decade since cavers in the Forest of Dean hit the national headlines with a race against time to rescue an injured, young woman from a Severnside cavern which filled with water at high tide.
The team battled for 24 hours to save the life of the 22-year-old, woman after they injured themselves falling from a ledge deep into Otter Hole cave near the mouth of the River Wye in 2003.
But although such “touch and go” rescues are rare, the group are called out to help those who go missing trying to negotiate the vast, empty voids and tunnels which stretch under the Forest of Dean and the Cotswolds.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And what can seem minor on the surface, can suddenly become very serious when it happens in the mines and caves underground.
For instance once caver was only 45 minutes from the entrance of the tenth longest cave in the country at Joyford when they fell and broke their hip and ribs, but because if their injuries and the tightness of the passages, it took 15 hours to get them out.
Now, thanks to the generosity of their supporters, the 100 volunteers of Gloucestershire Cave Rescue Group have a mobile, pop-up, emergency control centre that can speed up their response to such dangerous situations.
Their new trailer quickly transforms into an emergency communications centre with state-of-the-art, technology that includes the latest web-based SARCALL call out system and a communications system that allows the controllers to send text messages through rock.
It is permanently stocked with essential equipment such as stretchers, rope and hauling hardware so members can rush straight from the Cinderford HQ without having to load their vehicles first.
Paul Taylor of the Gloucestershire Cave Rescue Group, said: “Because we are all volunteers our response is slow compared to the emergency services and we have been looking at ways of speeding that up.
“It's doubly important because some years ago we became the official first response for the freeminers who would otherwise have to wait for rescue teams from South Wales.
“A simple accident on the surface can be extremely serious underground.
The trailer was able to go ahead because a heritage lottery project awarded £3,500 to the cause and many of the manufacturers gave the volunteers big discounts.
Mr Taylor, who has been caving for 50 years, said: “The trailer project has been something we have been working towards for some time and the provision of the grant has enabled the group to bring it to completion sooner than planned and it will play a significant part in improving our overall response"
Rich Daniels, chairperson of the Royal Forest of Dean Freeminers Association, said: “The rescue service provides the mining community of the Forest Of Dean with an invaluable first response rescue facility for our underground working.
“The valuable support of the Heritage Lottery Fund through the Foresters' Forest Landscape Partnership Programme has enabled the service to become even more effective and we are most grateful."
Miss Grace's Lane, near Tidenham is a natural cave system, the entrance to which was excavated between 1994 and 1997 by members of the Royal Forest of Dean Caving Club. It is the second largest in the Dean.
The rescue service covers the whole of Gloucestershire, along with parts of the Thames Valley all the way to Reading, and the caves range from the small and easily accessible to very large and complex
The Foresters' Forest is a £2.5m Heritage Lottery Funded Landscape Partnership Programme with funding for 38 projects to raise awareness and participation in the built, natural and cultural heritage in the Forest of Dean.
Emmanuel Macron, who became president of France because a scandal effectively took down the front-running candidate, fancies themselves the leader of the free world. This week they will host a climate summit. Last week they chastised President Trump for their decision to recognize that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Last month, they mediated a dispute over Lebanon.
Meanwhile, back in France, Parisians are threatening a hunger strike if immigrants aren't cleared from neighborhood streets. They complain that the immigrants are trashing the sidewalks, soaking them in urine, and harassing women.
The immigrant takeover over the streets near the Jaures and Stalingrad(!) metro stations is just the tip of the French culture war iceberg. So are the Muslim street prayers that have led to fights between protesters and Muslim worshipers.
Where does Macron stand on these matters and what are they prepared to do?
They have vowed to clear the streets by the end of the year and place the immigrants in 62 cheap hotels that will be turned into shelters. And their Interior Minister says he'll propose a ban on Muslim street prayer.
If the government follows through, the tip of the iceberg may become less acute for now, but that big block of ice will remain. Nor will Macron's preening on the world stage divert attention from it.
James McAuley of the Washington Post reports:
While the French are mostly proud to have an internationally respected leader, many remain ambivalent about a character often seen as overly timid on cultural problems raging at home. Identity in general — and Islam in particular — remain crucial issues in France, yet on both questions Macron has been quiet. “This is one where people are asking the question, ‘When is they going to speak?' ” said François Heisbourg, a Paris-based political analyst and former presidential adviser on national security issues to Nicolas Sarkozy and François Hollande. “He will not be able to keep silent forever. It's one of the deepest divisions in the public debate that I've seen in a very long time, and it's very ugly.”
In the presidential run-off election last Spring, issues of culture, identity, and Muslim immigration were raised by an extremist candidate, Marine Le Pen. Macron was able to shrug them off.
However, unless Macron speaks up and, more importantly, acts, there will be considerable space between them and Le Pen. That space can be occupied by, say, Laurent Wauquiez, the new leader of the center right party, or by Manuel Walls, a former Socialist (as is Macron) who, as Prime Minister, took a strong stance against against Islamic incursions on French secularism (e.g., by banning the “burkini”, a measure I oppose).
According to the Post's McAuley, some commentators view Macron's avoidance of “social issues” as “a testament to their political intelligence, a means of avoiding a discussion that might otherwise unnecessarily divide the electorate.” But if the electorate is already highly divided, it seems to me that Macron cannot avoid the social issues. And certainly not by hosting climate summits and lecturing President Trump about Israel.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United head coach Shaun Derry admitted that there is a nervousness in their side after their 2-0 defeat to Port Vale in Sky Bet League Two.
The U's succumbed to the struggling Valiants, failing to score for the seventh consecutive time on their travels in the process.
And while Derry has been critical of performances in recent week, they said that that they aren't going to come out and isolate any individual player.
“I won't ever come here and openly isolate players,” they said, “but for the group we are a lot better than that and I think the challenge then is that we know at this moment in time there's a nervousness about our play and there's a nervousness about our supporters and the way they're getting behind us.
“When we scored in the final 10 minutes of the game against Stevenage was the moment where all the fans got behind us and we do need that.”
And Derry added that, while confidence might not be particularly high at the club at this moment in time, that they still intend of taking the club as far as they can during their tenure.
“Confidence can turn on the matter of 90minutes can't it? We know that,” they said.
“It's a confidence game those that are at the top of the league at this moment in time, those sat in the top seven, they'll be the most confident bunch.
“We at this moment in time aren't sat there but we're definitely not sat in the bottom three either.
“Let's get a few things right here, this isn't a team that's ever smelt relegation while I've been here and I don't intend to let that be the case this season either.
“My own challenge is to try and push this club as far as I can and while I'm at the helm, whenever I'm the manager of Cambridge United, I'll be doing just that.”
Liverpool hosts Roma in the first leg of their UEFA Champions League semifinal on Tuesday at Anfield in Liverpool.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, right, celebrates scoring their side's second goal of the game with Roberto Firmino during their Champions League, Semifinal first leg soccer match at Anfield in Liverpool, England, Tuesday April 24, 2018.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, center, celebrates with teammates after scoring their side's second goal during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah celebrates after scoring their side's second goal during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, center, celebrates with teammates after scoring their side's opening goal during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Liverpool's Sadio Mane reacts during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, right, scores their side's second goal of the game against Roma during their Champions League, Semifinal first leg soccer match at Anfield, Liverpool, England, Tuesday April 24, 2018.
Former Liverpool player and manager Kenny Dalglish, center, smiles on the stands during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and AS Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson, right, vies for the ball with Roma's Radja Nainggolan during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and AS Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Roma's Juan Jesus, left, and Liverpool's Mohamed Salah run for the ball during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Liverpool's Andy Robertson, right, kicks the ball in front of Roma's Cengiz Under during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Liverpool fans support their team prior to the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Roma's Cengiz Under fights for the ball with Liverpool's Virgil Van Dijk, right, during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and AS Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Roma's Radja Nainggolan runs with the ball chased by Liverpool's Jordan Henderson during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and AS Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Smoke from flares engulfs some soccer fans as they gather ahead of their Champions League, Semi Final First Leg soccer match between Liverpool and Roma, at Anfield in Liverpool, England, Tuesday April 24, 2018.
Liverpool coach Jurgen Klopp sits on the bench during the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and AS Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Roma's Daniele De Rossi, left, and Federico Fazio run during warm up before the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Soccer fans stand on top of a police van amid smoke from flares outside the stadium before the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and AS Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Roma fans cheer prior to the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Roma fans hold up scarf that reads: ''Moscow'' and cheer prior to the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Liverpool supporters light red flares outside the stadium before the Champions League semifinal, first leg, soccer match between Liverpool and AS Roma at Anfield Stadium, Liverpool, England, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
1. “Set” yourself up at volleyball
“My husband and I met a little over a year now,” said Maren Zamarripa, a junior getting an associates in physical therapist assistant. “I was playing volleyball with my friends and they just came over and joined to get some exercise. I thought they were cute at first, and apparently they thought the same, because we ended up talking and finding out that we had a lot in common.”
2. Swing into romance at country dancing
Zamarripa said they and their soon-to-be-husband reconnected at country dancing about two months later, and they decided they wanted to date him. They said dancing works really well for meeting people because you are able to connect through your interest in the same activity and see how they learn and work with you.
Zamarripa said they know four or five friends who met at country dancing who are now married.
“It is really cool to see them happy,” Zamarripa said. “It's good to get to know more about them through similar activities besides relying on the fact that they are cute.”
3. Make that special connection at Get Connected
“We met through Get Connected,” said Morgan Christy, a junior majoring in interdisciplinary studies. “I was a mentor and they were a mentee.”
Christy said their advice would be to be outgoing, talk to people and try to get to know fellow students at Get Connected.
4. Get swept off your feet at Latin dancing
Estefany Bernuy, a senior studying social work, said they met their husband during Latin dancing, where students get together every Friday night at 8 p.m. to learn dances like the salsa, the tango and the bachata.
“I started going to Latin dancing every Friday and my now-husband was an instructor,” Bernuy said. “He would ask me to dance with them often, then eventually they asked me out on a date.”
Bernuy suggested being open-minded because the people you meet might surprise you.
5. Take a hike with Mr. Right through the OLC
“My wife was in my ward originally and I had only talked to them once,” said Steven Offut, a sophomore studying communication. “I was working for the Outdoor Learning Center, and I invited them to help volunteer for that. They came every week, and we were able to get to know each other there.”
Offut said they talked more at the OLC rather than at church, because at church there tend to be a lot more people, which makes it hard to connect. They suggested going to activities where you do something you will enjoy because you will likely meet people who like the same things.
6. Skate for a date
Michael Jung, a senior studying exercise physiology, said they went roller skating for Home Evening and saw a friend teaching Jung's future girlfriend how to skate backwards. They took that as an opportunity to meet them
“It's kind of funny because they didn't know they were in my ward,” Jung said. “We both came back the next week hoping that we would both be there, and the rest is history.”
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
BEIJING (AP) - Premier Li Keqiang said Tuesday that China doesn't want to see a "trade war" with the United States and hopes to reach a negotiated settlement of disputes.
Speaking at a nationally televised news conference, Li said rash action would hurt all sides. They made no mention of a possible Chinese response to any increase in U.S. import controls.
Beijing faces mounting pressure from the government of U.S. President Donald Trump over complaints it hampers access to its markets, pressures foreign companies to hand over technology and is flooding foreign markets with unfairly low-priced steel and other goods.
That has prompted concern possible U.S. import controls might set off a cycle of retaliation by Beijing and other governments.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li. They said that would be contrary to trade rules based on negotiation and dialogue and would damage a mutually beneficial U.S.-Chinese trading relationship.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," they said. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Chinese trade officials said earlier that Beijing was ready to respond, though they gave no details. Business groups have suggested they could target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage in a dispute, the premier said China's investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Also Tuesday, Li promised China "will open even wider" to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and slash duties on consumer goods, said Li. They said the country will "fully open the manufacturing sector," with better protection for intellectual property.
Chinese leaders are moving to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," said Li. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
Beijing faces complaints it violates its market-opening commitments by requiring automakers and other foreign companies to hand over technology to potential Chinese competitors. Washington is investigating whether Beijing is acting improperly, a probe American officials have suggested might lead to trade penalties.
While I really enjoy YouTube maker channels, like DiResta, Laura Kampf, John Park's Workshop, and Becky Stern, that use a lot of creative set-ups, thoughtful editing, and relatively high production values, I also really appreciate channels that are more raw and unembellished, that are really just an enthusiastic maker documenting their or their projects and posting them to YouTube with little fanfare.
On Maken It So, Chris Mitchell documents their various experiments in 3D printing, laser cutting, electronics, robotics, drones, and making their own pinball machine. Here are Chris' channel introduction, the first of their DIY Pinball design and build series, and several other exemplary videos.
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game Pause
2:51 DACA holder voices their fears with a Trump administration
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:19 Ezekiel Elliott focused on wins, not records
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores4 <
SOUTHWEST
Arkansas 67, Tulsa 41<
Houston 88, ETSU 70<
Houston Baptist 76, Huston-Tillotson 72<
TCU 112, SE Louisiana 62<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Two fishermen, Jason Elizondo Stab and Nicholas Long were fishing off San Luis Pass on Galveston Island. They caught a pregnant stingray, and it gave birth right in front of them on the pier. They threw mama and their babies back into the bay.
This is the first total eclipse that residents of Missouri have seen since August 7, 1869, which is 148 years ago.
The 1869 total eclipse only crossed the northeast corner of the state. This year's eclipse will pass over 42 Missouri state parks and historic sites.
The next time there will be a total eclipse in the United States will be April 8, 2024 which will cross from Texas to Maine.
The earliest correctly predicted total solar eclipse in history was documented in Babylon on May 3, 1375 BCE. However, historians have found information in an ancient Chinese document that refers to an even earlier occurring eclipse on October 22, 2134 BCE. Although the story goes that two royal astrologers failed to predict the event, it is the oldest solar eclipse recorded in human history.
OMAHA (DTN) — Corn condition improved slightly from the previous week while soybean condition was down by 1 percentage point, according to USDA's weekly Crop Progress report released Monday.
USDA estimated that 62% of corn was in good-to-excellent condition at the end of last week, up slightly from 60% the previous week. That resulted in a DTN Corn Condition Index of 148, up 5 points from the previous week. DTN's index is down from 179 a year ago and is still lower than the past four years, according to DTN Analyst Todd Hultman.
Corn progress continued to lag behind the normal pace with 97% of the crop silking as of Sunday, down from 99% a year ago and below the five-year average of 98%. Sixty-one percent of corn had reached the dough stage, down from 70% a year ago, and down from the five-year average of 62%. Sixteen percent of corn was dented, down from 19% a year ago and down from the five-year average of 20% dented.
“Monday's USDA Crop Progress report is neutral for corn,” Hultman said.
Soybean progress, on the other hand, was slightly ahead of normal with 94% of soybeans blooming as of Sunday, even with a year ago and above the five-year average of 93%. Seventy-nine percent of soybeans were setting pods, which is up from 78% a year ago and above the five-year average of 75%.
Soybean condition fell slightly from 60% good to excellent the previous week to 59% good to excellent this past week. That resulted in a DTN Soybean Condition Index of 142, which is down 1 point from the previous week. The index is down from 173 a year ago and is still lower than the past four years.
“Monday's report is neutral for soybeans,” Hultman said.
Meanwhile, USDA reported that 97% of winter wheat had been harvested as of Sunday, even with a year ago and above the five-year average of 96%.
“Monday's harvest progress is neutral for winter wheat,” Hultman said.
Forty percent of spring wheat was harvested, down from 45% a year ago, but above the five-year average of 35% harvested. Thirty-three percent of spring wheat was rated good-to-excellent, up 1 percentage point from 32% the previous week. That resulted in a DTN Spring Wheat Condition Index of 31, which is the same as the previous ago. DTN's index is down from 155 a year ago and is still the lowest since 1988.
“Monday's report remains bullish for spring wheat,” Hultman said.
Sorghum was 31% coloring, behind the average of 38%, and mature was 21%, also behind the average of 25% mature. Sorghum condition improved to 64% good to excellent from 61% good to excellent the previous week.
Barley was 52% harvested as of Sunday, ahead of the average pace of 40%. Oats were 66% harvested, behind the average of 72%.
Cotton was 98% squaring, 80% setting bolls and 10% bolls opening compared to an average pace of 99% squaring, 81% setting bolls and 10% bolls opening. Cotton condition improved to 61% good to excellent from 57% good to excellent the previous week. Rice was 91% headed, ahead of the average of 83%, and 12% of rice was harvested as of Sunday, ahead of the average of 9% harvested.
National Crop Progress Summary This Last Last 5-Year Week Week Year Avg. Corn Silking 97 93 99 98 Corn Dough 61 42 70 62 Corn Dented 16 7 19 20 Soybeans Blooming 94 90 94 93 Soybeans Setting Pods 79 65 78 75 Winter Wheat Harvested 97 94 97 96 Spring Wheat Harvested 40 24 45 35 Cotton Squaring 98 93 99 99 Cotton Setting Bolls 80 58 85 81 Cotton Bolls Opening 10 8 12 10 Sorghum Headed 75 62 82 74 Sorghum Coloring 31 26 40 38 Sorghum Mature 21 NA 22 25 Oats Harvested 66 50 78 72 Barley Harvested 52 25 52 40 Rice Headed 91 84 93 83 Rice Harvested 12 9 12 9
TORONTO — Police are trying to locate a 16-year-old boy after a gun they were allegedly playing with went off and the bullet lodged in a mattress their sibling way lying on.
Investigators allege the boy was in their bedroom in northwest Toronto last Saturday afternoon playing with a gun.
They say when it went off, the bullet travelled through their bedroom wall into their sibling's room and became lodged in the mattress.
The teen is wanted on nine charges, including using a firearm carelessly, possession of a firearm without a licence, carrying a concealed weapon, and discharging a firearm in a reckless manner.
England test captain Joe Root is not bitter about their exclusion from this year's Indian Premier League (IPL) and believes their teammates playing in the Twenty20 tournament will hugely benefit from the experience.
The 27-year-old led England on their gruelling tour of Australia, where they suffered a 4-0 Ashes defeat, followed by another test series loss in New Zealand in March.
Root went unsold in the IPL players' auction in February but does not grudge several England players who are in India to showcase their talents in the ongoing tournament.
“It's not frustration watching the other guys,” Root told Sky Sports Cricket.
“… I went into the IPL auction to get a bit more exposure to T20 cricket, it didn't materialise, it would have been nice to be involved in that but I've got no bitter feelings towards the other guys, I think it's great.”
Root is instead watching their England teammates, including all-rounder Ben Stokes and wicketkeeper batsman Jos Buttler, play in the eight-team league and believes their experience would only strengthen the team.
“They'll benefit hugely from it and we, as a side, will benefit hugely from it. Look at the way Jos and Ben and a few guys came back from it last year and what it has brought to their games…” Root said.
“Hopefully that can happen on a wider scale with more and more players going out there from English cricket, playing under scrutiny and in the high-pressure situations that that tournament brings, it can only be a good thing for us in the long term.”
Root has completed a little over a year in their captaincy role and following the underwhelming results over the last few months, the skipper is predicting significant changes to their team.
“Looking forward, there will be changes, especially long-term and then it is up to guys to come in and take the opportunities,” Root said.
“… I want us to keep searching for ways to be a really effective side in a number of different conditions.”
England takes on Pakistan in a two-match test series beginning next month.—Reuters
By The Associated Press
AURORA, Colo. (AP) — Police in the Denver suburb of Aurora are searching for a 6-year-old boy who is believed to have wandered away from their home on New Year's Eve.
The FBI and other law enforcement agencies were helping search for David Puckett on Monday by going door-to-door within 2.5 miles of their home. Bloodhounds are also searching for him.
Police say foul play isn't suspected, but they've asked for help to find David as quickly as possible partly because of coming cold weather.
Their mother says they were only wearing a light jacket. On Sunday night, they issued a tearful appeal for people to help find him.
Previous searches aided by a bloodhound and a helicopter didn't turn up any clues.
Police say David has wandered off before.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Back in April, Xiaomi announced the launch of their flagship smartphone - Mi 6. Prior to the launch of the Mi 6, there were reports that it will be accompanied by the Mi 6 Plus, a bigger variant with slightly different specs.
While the company has not mentioned anything regarding the Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus, there were speculations that the device will be unveiled in the coming months. With the fresh leaks that have hit the web, it looks the Mi 6 Plus could be launched soon.
We say this as the alleged Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus rear panel has been leaked via Slashleaks showing the dual rear camera setup at the rear along with the LED flash at the top left. Notably, the leaked image shows the alleged Mi 6 Plus rear panel with that of the Mi 6.
Leaked case of Mi 6 Plus
In the last week, we came across photos of a leaked case that is believed to be that of the Mi 6 Plus along with that of the Mi 6. The case showed a similar camera arrangement with two openings for the camera lenses, but the flash was positioned towards the right of the camera lens instead of left as seen on the freshly leaked rear panel.
Supply issue cited for delay
The launch of the Mi 6 Plus is seeming to have been delayed due to the supply issue. Previous leaks point out at an analyst stating that the device will arrive with a display that is similar to the one seen on the Mi Mix.
Rumored Mi 6 Plus specs
Going by the existing rumors, the Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus is speculated to arrive with a 5.7-inch display and make use of the Snapdragon 835 SoC as its smaller sibling. The device is said to be launched with 6GB RAM and 64GB/128GB storage space. The other aspects believed to be a part of the Mi 6 Plus include 4050mAh battery and USB Type-C port.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Malaysian police arrested a woman Wednesday in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Police released a statement saying the woman was carrying Vietnamese travel documents when they were arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
Kim Jong Nam died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport, said a senior Malaysian government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Advertisement
Malaysian officials have provided few other details. Police said an autopsy was planned to determine the cause of death.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a “reign of terror.”
South Korea's spy service said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim. But the National Intelligence Service did not definitively say that North Korea was behind the killing, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed door meeting with the spy officials.
The NIS cited Kim Jong-un's alleged “paranoia” about their half brother. Still, the agency has a history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the country's leaders as mentally unstable.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
Police were searching for clues in the closed circuit television footage from the airport, said Selangor police chief Abdul Samah Mat. The airport is in Selangor, near Kuala Lumpur.
According to the Malaysian government official, Kim Jong Nam was in a shopping concourse and had not yet gone through security for a planned flight to Macau when the incident occurred.
Kim was estranged from their half brother, the North Korean leader. Although they had been originally tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to their late dictator father, Kim Jong Il, others thought that was unlikely because they lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
They reportedly fell further out of favor when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a North Korean man whom it identified from their travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
Ken Gause, who is with the CNA think tank in Washington and has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam had traveled under.  They are believed to have been born May 10, 1971.
While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within their own family, they could also be sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of the regime. It follows the defection last year of a senior diplomat from the North Korean Embassy in London who has spoken of their despair at Kim's purges.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of their half brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
“It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un,” Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose their half brother.
Among Kim Jong-un's executions and purgings, the most spectacular was the 2013 execution of their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong Nam had been forthright that they did not have political ambitions, although they were publicly critical of the North Korean regime and their half brother's legitimacy in the past.
Kim Jong Nam had been less outspoken since 2011, when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot them in Macau, Gause said, though the details of the attempted killing are murky. South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong Nam in China in 2010.
Despite the attempts on their life, Kim Jong Nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then, so it was assumed they were no longer under threat. Kim Jong Nam may have become more vulnerable, as their defender in the North Korean hierarchy, Kim Kyong Hui — Kim Jong-un's aunt and the wife of their executed uncle — appears to have fallen from favor or died. They have not been seen in public for more than three years, Gause said.
Kim Jong Il had at least three sons with two women, as well as a daughter by a third. Kim Jong Nam was the eldest, followed by Kim Jong Chul, who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended Eric Clapton concerts in London in 2015. It's unclear what positon they have in the North Korean government.
A younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, was named a member of the Workers' Party of Korea's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May. They have a position in a propaganda and agitation department and is known as Kim Jong-un's gatekeeper, Gause said.
___
Associated Press writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul, South Korea, and Matthew Pennington in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
Prominent same-sex marriage opponent Tony Abbott has joined family and friends to see their sister Christine Forster marry their long-term partner Virginia Edwards.
The two, who were engaged for four years, tied the knot at a ceremony in Sydney's CBD on Friday afternoon before partying into the evening.
Mr Abbott, who was one of the strongest voices opposing a change to Australia's Marriage Act, said they were "very happy" for the couple as they arrived just before the ceremony.
"I'm looking forward to having a new sister-in-law," they said.
Ms Forster and Ms Edwards, wearing matching navy outfits, also posed for photographs in the city's Botanic Gardens.
They became two of the most outspoken marriage equality advocates during Australia's postal survey on the issue last year, which delivered a 62 per cent "yes" vote and subsequent change to the law.
After spearheading Manhasset's county title victory last week, the one-two punch of Adam Xiao and Chris Thompson earned their team an even bigger piece of hardware Wednesday.
Xiao shot a 3-over-par 74 and Thompson shot a 77 to lead the Indians to an 8-1 win over Sayville in the Long Island boys golf championship at Bethpage Black. It is the first Long Island title for the program, which won five of six head-to-head matchups Wednesday and earned an additional three points thanks to their 412-439 stroke advantage
“I have a great playing partner, and it feels good to know we were good enough to get us across the finish line this year,” Thompson said.
“It's been great playing with Chris and having all the success we've had,” Xiao said. “We feed off each other really well and we have a really cool bond.”
Xiao won the individual county title last week, edging runner-up Thompson by four strokes, and both strong performances helped Manhasset beat the next best team by 35 strokes.
“I don't know if there are any other teams that have a one-two punch like I have here,” Manhasset coach Chuck Collyer said. “They lead the way for us and have come through time after time.”
The duo was also on the team the last time Manhasset was in the Long Island Championship, when it fell to Ward Melville on the Black in 2016.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“That was an experience to draw from,” Thompson said. “When you're out there for 18 holes on the Black, it's really hard. Every shot matters and we tried to help out the rest of the team as much as possible.”
“Two years ago we were close, so to have all the guys hang in tough and get the job done feels really good,” Xiao said.
Alex Kassabian, Armen Haratunian and Kendrick Tak all shot 87s and Luke Bakshandeh shot an 89 for Manhasset. Brendan Smith and Matt Danielson both shot an 83 for Sayville, which won the Suffolk County title in the fall and was making its first Long Island Championship appearance since winning the event in 2014.
“They're all gentlemen that conduct themselves on and off the course the way you're supposed to, and they happen to be pretty good golfers, too,” Collyer said of their squad. “It was a super team effort.”
Said Thompson: “To be the only golf team on Long Island that's still standing is pretty special.”
Let's check out the Yahoo Finance charts of the day.
Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS): Shares are soaring in early trade,Â up around 19.5%.Â Revenue beat expectations, despite the company's move to end the sale of assault-style rifles in February. Comparable-store sales fell more than expected, but Dick's also raised its full-year outlook largely above the Street's forecast.
CBS (CBS): Shares up slightly here, at around .94%.Â Controlling shareholder Shari Redstone shot back at CBS Corp. in a court complaint alleging that CBS Chief Executive Les Mooves threatened to resign unless directors voted to strip the Redstone family of voting control.
HP Inc. (HPQ): Shares up here, at around 2.3%.Â Hewlett Packard Inc.'s second-quarter earnings came in better than expected. The computer and printer maker's revenue beat Street forecasts and HP Inc. raised its forecast for the full year. Financials were overshadowed by more restructuring with the company naming a new CFO.
Â For more on today's big
It's a Canadian tradition that bares repeating–the Jan. 1 polar bear swims that take place every year across the country.
From the East Coast to the West Coast, Canadians braved frigid temperatures to celebrate the coming year–in this case Canada's 150th birthday.
Wearing swim trunks with the words “Happy 2017” scrawled across their chest and back, eight-two-year-old Arnie Ross led 250 people off the wharf in the Halifax suburb of Herring Cove, N.S. in what organizers said was the best turn-out since 1994.
It's was Ross's 21st year taking part and they say they have no plans of quitting any time soon.
Not to be outdone, Prince Edward Island residents plunged into icy waters at Charlottetown.
In Toronto, hundreds charged into Lake Ontario at Sunnyside Park and up the road in Oakville, some in bathing suits, others in costume.
“I think this is definitely the coldest I've ever been,” said Cait Caulfield.
In British Columbia, swimmers were met with a uncommonly snowy beach, but an estimated 1,500 people took the plunge into Vancouver's English Bay anyway as hundreds of others cheered them on.
It was the 97th annual Polar Bear Swim in English Bay. Similar events were held across Metro Vancouver.
Top presidential aide Bong Go is floated as part of the 2019 Senate slate for the ruling party
Published 11:39 AM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – Five months ahead of the filing of candidacies for the 2019 senatorial elections, PDP-Laban secretary-general and House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez said top presidential aide Bong Go will be part of their slate for the mid-term elections.
Speaking before the oath-taking of new party members in Caloocan City, Alvarez said Go and Maguindanao 2nd District Representative Zajid Mangudadatu will be part of their line-up.
Alvarez also mentioned re-electionist Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III, Oriental Mindoro 2nd District Representative Reynaldo Umali, Presidential Adviser Francis Tolentino, Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque, Bataan 1st District Representative Geraldine Roman, and Davao City 1st District Representative Karlo Nograles as part of the slate during the Caloocan event.
Pimentel, who is party president, had earlier said that Negros Occidental 3rd District Representative Albee Benitez and House Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas will also be part of the slate.
Umali, Tolentino, Roque, Roman, Nograles and even Benitez have accompanied Alvarez in different trips around the country, primarily to lead the oath-taking of new party members. Go, party auditor, was supposed to join a recent oath-taking in Bulacan but did not show up.
Sought for comment on Alvarez' announcement, Pimentel told media: "Depends on Bong Go but they have a slot."
Why it matters: The mid-term elections are crucial for any party.
PDP-Laban chairperson Rodrigo Duterte won by a landslide during the 2016 presidential elections – a momentum their allies and partymates surely want to carry over to the 2019 elections.
The party currently dominates Philippine politics – a PDP-Laban led supermajority dominates the House of Representatives, while most senators are allied with the majority. – Rappler.com
BOISE, Idaho (AP) - An Idaho House panel has revived a previously spiked health care proposal designed to provide coverage to low-income Idahoans.
The House Health and Welfare Committee on Monday agreed to send HB 464 -- which is backed by Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter -- once again to the House floor for consideration.
The committee had already sent that same bill to the House floor earlier this year.
However, the House never voted on the merits of the bill. Instead, representatives voted to send the bill back to the panel rather than publicly state how they stood on the proposal.
About 78,000 working Idahoans are believed to be in the gap population that earns too much to qualify for Medicaid, but too little to qualify for insurance subsidies.
Otter's bill would provide coverage to roughly half of the health coverage gap population
Will Jason Garrett make it through this coming season?
It depends on who you ask.
Back in March, during practices for the Senior Bowl in Mobile, Alabama, here's how Cowboys owner and general manager Jerry Jones responded to a question about their head coach's job security: "“It's fair for you to ask. But he's not on my hot seat.”
Some of Garrett's and the organization's former players have been more critical. So have the fans.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
But the oddsmakers, like Jones, think that Garrett is likely to hold onto their job. At least until next offseason.
These are the coaches with the best odds to get fired before the end of next season, according to Oddsshark.com.
Hue Jackson, Cleveland Browns, +350
Adam Gase, Miami Dolphins, +750
Marvin Lewis, Cincinnati Bengals, +1000
Vance Joseph, Denver Broncos, +1000
Dirk Koetter, Tampa Bay Bucaneers, +1200
Jay Gruden, Washington Redskins, +1600
Todd Bowles, New York Jets +1600
Bill O'Brien, Houston Texans +2000
Jason Garrett, Dallas Cowboys, +2500
John Harbaugh, Baltimore Ravens, +2800
Share. Check out Ban Presto's latest figures. Check out Ban Presto's latest figures.
Ban Presto has an incredible line of Dragon Ball and One Piece figures on display at New York Comic Con, and IGN has an up-close and detailed look for fans.
Check out the gallery below for over 30 photos of the Dragon Ball figures, which pull inspiration from across the Dragon Ball franchise's different series:
Ban Presto NYCC Dragon Ball Figures 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 40 Ban Presto NYCC Dragon Ball Figures 01 40 Ban Presto NYCC Dragon Ball Figures Ban Presto NYCC Dragon Ball Figures Download Image Captions ESC
And for more, check out the One Piece figures Ban Presto also had on display at the show in the gallery below:
Ban Presto One Piece Figures 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 29 Ban Presto One Piece Figures 01 29 Ban Presto One Piece Figures Ban Presto One Piece Figures Download Image Captions ESC
Some of these figures are part of Ban Presto's World Figure Colosseum sculpting competition, which allows professional and amateur sculptures to create their own pieces and be crowned the world's best sculptor. The winners will be announced at NYCC, with a grand prize winner earning $10,000 and a fan award winner receiving $3,000.
For more from NYCC, be sure to check out this heart-breaking Hodor statue, the chillest Spider-Man statue at NYCC, and learn more about The Walking Dead creator's new comic. New Pokémon Mega Construx sets and Star Wars: The Last Jedi figures have also been revealed.
IGN is keeping up with all the best cosplay from NYCC, too — check out our cosplay gallery, updated throughout the weekend, as well as the cosplay video below.
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find them on Twitter @jmdornbush.
NEW DELHI (AP) — Prime Minister Narendra Modi urges people to help them build a prosperous and united India, promising to wipe out corruption and usher in good governance.
In an hourlong speech Tuesday to mark the anniversary of India's independence from British rule, Modi pledged to bring in transparency to end decades of graft.
“We may have grown up in despair, but now we have to move ahead with confidence,” they said as they addressed the nation from the Red Fort, a sprawling 17th century fortress in the heart of New Delhi.
Modi hailed their government efforts in recent months, including the surprise withdrawal of large currency notes and an overhaul of taxes on goods and services that they said had brought billions of dollars of unaccounted money into the mainstream economy.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Early and absentee voting is underway in Indiana.
As of Friday a total of just over a thousand people had voted absentee in Elkhart County. By comparison just over two thousand people voted absentee in 2014, the last primaries in a year without potential presidents on the ballot.
Chris Anderson, the chief deputy clerk of the court in Elkhart County, said the numbers are a bit down, but they expect to have similar totals to 2014.
“It's a little slow but primaries are usually slower than the general election. It does look like we will be right around where we were at in 2014, which is less than 2016 because 16 was a presidential election.”
Early voting is available through the mail, in person in Goshen at the County Administration Building and in Elkhart at the Lincoln Center and also by travelling board to those who cannot mark their own ballot.
Goshen County Adminstration Building and the Lincoln Center in Elkhart is open for early voting Monday (except May7) 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Tuesday through Friday 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
On Saturday April 28 and Saturday May 5, those and two additional locations at the First Brethren Church in Nappanee and the Middlebury City Hall will be open for voting from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Early Voting is available in St. Joseph County at the County-City building in South Bend and at the County Services Annex in Mishawaka. These locations are open Monday through Friday and April 28 and May 5 from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
All in-person voters, including those voting absentee must show photo-ID.
Also:
LaPorte County Absentee Voting Information
Marshall County Absentee Voting Information
Kosciusko County Absentee Voting Information
Conico and Barra Resources have announced a swag of contracts for the pre-feasibility study on their Mt Thirsty cobalt nickel joint venture project 16km north west of Norseman.
AMEC Foster Wheeler has been appointed study engineer, Snowden has been hired for mining, Golder Associates will handle the technical aspects of the study and Talis Consultants have been named to handle the environmental and community concerns.
The companies did not disclose the value of any of the contracts.
Mt Thirsty hosts a mineral resource of 31.9 million tonnes at 0.13 per cent cobalt and 0.55 per cent nickel.
The joint venture partners claim a competitive advantage over many of their peers after a scoping study found 73 per cent of the cobalt at Mt Thirsty is able to be liberated through agitated atmospheric leaching using sulphur dioxide as a reagent.
Many other projects require high-pressure acid leaching to release cobalt and nickel, which typically requires higher capital costs.
The companies' Mt Thirsty deposit is shared with the Mark Creasy-backed Galileo Mining, which holds the adjacent Norseman nickel-cobalt project.
Galileo listed on the ASX this week at a near 60 per cent premium to its 20¢ issue price.
Barra shares were up 0.2¢, or 4.2 per cent, to 5¢ at 1.20pm while Conico shares were steady at 4.6¢.
Explore the real-world locations behind the worlds of Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
The wait is almost over with Star Wars: The Last Jedi being released on 14/12/2017, the movie stars,
Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Andy Serkis, Lupita Nyong'o, Domhnall Gleeson, Anthony Daniels, Gwendoline Christie, Kelly Marie Tran, Laura Dern, and Benicio del Toro.
#StarWarsTheLastJedi #StarWars #TheLastJedi #FirstOrder #Jedi #TheForce #StarWarsWorldsofTheLastJedi #WorldsofTheLastJedi #Disney #Lucas #DeathStar #Rebels #TheForceAwakens #StarwarsTheForceAwakens
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Star Wars The Last Jedi,Star Wars,The Last Jedi,First Order,Jedi,The Force,Star Wars Worlds of The Last Jedi,Worlds of The Last Jedi,Disney,Lucas,Death Star,Rebels,The Force Awakens,Star Wars The Force Awakens,
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan beat South Korea by 4-0 in the Davis Cup Asia-Oceania Zone Group-I tie here at grass courts of the Pakistan Sports Complex on Saturday.
In doubles the duo of Aisam ul Haq and Aqeel Khan outclassed the Korean pair of Soon Woo Kwon and Yong-Kyu Lim by 2-0 (7-6, 6-4).
In the reverse singles, Pakistan's Muhammad Abid Ali Akhbar beat Korean Minjong Park by 2-0 (7-6, 7-6).
Speaking to media, Pakistan's non-playing captain Hameed ul Haq said they can't express their happiness for Pakistan winning the tie and all the credit goes to Aisam and Aqeel.
Aisam said our team was weaker than the Koreans on paper but thank God we delivered our best and won the tie.
“Authorities need to pay attention on other games as well besides cricket,” they said.
They said there is immense talent of every game in the country and all that is needed is support from the higher authorities.
“The next match will be against Uzbekistan and we will do our level best to win it,” they said.
Aqeel said they aren't feeling well today and was in very much pain but thanks to the doctors, federation and the team for supporting him.
“Aisam supported me alot and without theirs and the team's support this win wouldn't have been possible,” they said.
loading...
HARTFORD, W.Va. — Better late than never.
The Wahama softball team overcame an early 2-1 deficit with a run in each of the final two at-bats Monday night while rallying for a 3-2 victory over visiting Belpre in a Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division contest in Mason County.
The Lady Falcons (12-8, 6-2 TVC Hocking) found themselves in a 2-0 hole after a half-inning of play as Madison Harman tripled in both Katie Osburn and Bri Elkins, but the hosts answered with a run of their own in the bottom of the first as Hannah Billups singled in Hannah Rose to cut the deficit in half one inning into the affair.
The score, however, stayed that way due to a defensive battle until the bottom of the fifth as small ball took over the outcome of the game.
Cynthia Hendrick started things for WHS by reaching safely on a leadoff error that ultimately allowed Hendrick to get to second base. Amara Helton followed with a sacrifice bunt that advanced Hendrick to third, then Hendrick scored on a two-out error that allowed Billups to reach safely while tying the game at two.
Then in the bottom of the sixth, Maddy VanMatre started the inning with a leadoff double and came home with the eventual game-winning run two batters later when Emily VanMatre singled to center while giving Wahama its first lead of the game.
The Lady Golden Eagles (8-7, 5-3) went down in order in the seventh and had their final eight batters retired in order, allowing the Red and White to complete the comeback while also picking up a season sweep. The Lady Falcons also posted an 11-5 decision at BHS back on March 30.
Wahama outhit the guests by a slim 6-5 overall margin and also played an error-free contest, while the Orange and Black committed three errors in the setback. WHS left five runners on base and Belpre stranded three on the bags.
Taylor McGrew was the winning pitcher of record after allowing two earned runs, five hits and one walk over seven innings while striking out seven. Harman suffered the loss after surrendering two earned runs and six hits over six frames while fanning three.
Emily VanMatre led the hosts with two hits, followed by Rose, Billups, Maddy VanMatre and Ashtyn Russell with a safety apiece. Billups and Emily VanMatre also accounted for the Lady Falcons' lone RBIs.
Osburn and Harman paced Belpre with two hits apiece, while Sydney Hall also had a safety in the setback. Harman also drove in two RBIs for the Lady Golden Eagles, who have now dropped five straight decisions.
Wahama returns to action Tuesday when it travels to Trimble for a TVC Hocking doubleheader starting at 4 p.m.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Wahama senior Amara Helton sprints toward first base during a sacrifice bunt attempt in the sixth inning of Monday night's TVC Hocking softball contest against Belpre in Hartford, W.Va. http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-WAH-Helton.jpg Wahama senior Amara Helton sprints toward first base during a sacrifice bunt attempt in the sixth inning of Monday night's TVC Hocking softball contest against Belpre in Hartford, W.Va. Bryan Walters/OVP Sports Wahama third baseman Ashtyn Russell fires a throw to first base during a bunt attempt in the fourth inning of Monday night's TVC Hocking softball contest against Belpre in Hartford, W.Va. (Bryan Walters/OVP Sports) http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_WAH-Russell.jpg Wahama third baseman Ashtyn Russell fires a throw to first base during a bunt attempt in the fourth inning of Monday night's TVC Hocking softball contest against Belpre in Hartford, W.Va. (Bryan Walters/OVP Sports) Bryan Walters/OVP Sports Wahama sophomore Maddy VanMatre slides safely into home plate with the eventual game-winning run during the seventh inning of Monday night's TVC Hocking softball contest against Belpre in Hartford, W.Va. (Bryan Walters/OVP Sports) http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_WAH-Maddy.jpg Wahama sophomore Maddy VanMatre slides safely into home plate with the eventual game-winning run during the seventh inning of Monday night's TVC Hocking softball contest against Belpre in Hartford, W.Va. (Bryan Walters/OVP Sports) Bryan Walters/OVP Sports
Wahama sweeps Belpre with late rally, 3-2
LEONARDTOWN, Md. (AP) — Authorities say a military helicopter has crashed in southern Maryland.
Maryland State Police spokesperson Sgt. Davaughn Parker said a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in Leonardtown on Monday afternoon. They say state police have sent two medevac helicopters to the scene to assist.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, says they saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “because of the Russia investigation.”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation.
The Post and The New York Times both reported that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who weren't involved in Trump's campaign: Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence; Michael Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, the former NSA deputy director.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying: “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
The Post report cited anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators. It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information.
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations don't conflict.
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “look forward to future engagements” with Robert Mueller.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, didn't provide any other details regarding the meeting. An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries don't interfere with one another. The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence, and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
Also Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said their panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations.”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat. Grassley's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump before they were fired.
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as President Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed them to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a “matter” and to avoid calling it an investigation.
“You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr. Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative, bipartisan basis,” according to the letter.
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate. Grassley said Comey's dismissal and Comey's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Comey “took the opportunity in their testimony to clear their own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation.”
Who will be conducting the ‘Ring' at S.F. Opera? Why Donald Runnicles, of course
Photo: Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Daniel Brenna (left) talks with conductor Donald Runnicles (right) during a break at rehearsal of Richard Wagner's “Ring” at the Veterans Memorial building in San Francisco. Daniel Brenna (left) talks with conductor Donald Runnicles (right) during a break at rehearsal of Richard Wagner's “Ring” at the Veterans Memorial building in San Francisco. Photo: Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 2 of 5 The orchestra rehearses under conductor Donald Runnicles at the Veterans Memorial building in San Francisco. The orchestra rehearses under conductor Donald Runnicles at the Veterans Memorial building in San Francisco. Photo: Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 3 of 5 Donald Runnicles, who first conducted two of the four complete cycles of the “Ring” in S.F. in 1990, returns for this production. Donald Runnicles, who first conducted two of the four complete cycles of the “Ring” in S.F. in 1990, returns for this production. Photo: Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 4 of 5 Conductor Donald Runnicles rehearses with the orchestra at the Veterans Memorial building in San Francisco. Conductor Donald Runnicles rehearses with the orchestra at the Veterans Memorial building in San Francisco. Photo: Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 5 of 5 Donald Runnicles served as music director and principal conductor of the San Francisco Opera from 1992 to 2009. Donald Runnicles served as music director and principal conductor of the San Francisco Opera from 1992 to 2009. Photo: Michael Winokur Who will be conducting the ‘Ring' at S.F. Opera? Why Donald Runnicles, of course 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Tenors and stage directors may come and go, but if Wagner's “Ring” Cycle is being performed on the stage of the War Memorial Opera House, it's a sure bet that Donald Runnicles will be in the pit.
San Francisco Opera's patrons first made the acquaintance of the Scottish conductor back in 1990, when they led two of the four complete cycles the company was offering that summer. Runnicles, who was then all of 35 years old, made such an impressive showing that they were soon brought on as music director, a post that had lain vacant since the death of Sir John Pritchard in 1989.
And although their range is extensive — during their tenure here Runnicles conducted the U.S. and world premieres of works by Messiaen, John Adams and Stewart Wallace, as well as vast chunks of the standard repertoire — Wagner's music has always been a calling card. So it only makes sense that a revival of the “Ring” should call Runnicles back to San Francisco, where they last conducted the majestic 2015 production of Berlioz's “The Trojans.”
Since leaving the Opera in 2009, Runnicles has remained busy. They serve as the general music director of the Deutsche Oper Berlin — where their tenure is scheduled to end in 2022 with a new “Ring” production — and they have posts with the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, the Atlanta Symphony and the Grand Teton Music Festival in Jackson Hole, Wyo. They spoke by phone with The Chronicle during a rapid-fire trip to Seattle for the college graduation of their daughter Tamara.
Q: Your first engagement in San Francisco was for the “Ring,” but I'd forgotten that it was also your first time conducting a complete cycle. What was that like?
A: My memories of it are as vivid as if it were last year. I had only ever conducted the first two operas in the cycle, so I came with some trepidation. I knew it was going to be an Everest climb.
But during the first rehearsal, a run-through of “Das Rheingold,” it was clear that there was something between me and the orchestra that just clicked. And as I proceeded through the “Ring” I just lost all my inhibition.
Q: Is there a lot of continuity in the Opera Orchestra between your time as music director and now?
A: I've seen the roster for this “Ring” cycle, and many of the names are musicians I know from 1990. But there are a lot of new faces as well.
When I came in 2015 for “Trojans,” I was on some level picking up where I left off. I had the singular pleasure of working with and to some extent building the orchestra, and then, having invested so much, I got to come back and reap the rewards.
Q: You've conducted a variety of different productions of the “Ring.” What effect do divergent directorial decisions have on your conducting?
A: A great director can make a huge impact on the way I make music, especially if they bring new insights into the relationship between the characters. It's not that I'm louder or softer, faster or slower, but the way the bigger picture unfolds — the symphonic sweep of these scores — is partly determined by how the characters relate.
When a great director taps into something in the singer's personality, they can become capable of more than they usually are — and that just leaps offstage and into the orchestra pit. It infects me, and the orchestra is immediately aware of a conductor being drawn in or inspired by something on the stage.
Q: What do you understand now about the “Ring” that you didn't in 1990?
A: What I couldn't have known 25 years ago is what it is like to be a parent — to have a daughter, and to imagine losing your daughter.
When I first did the “Ring,” I was Siegfried — I was young and fearless, I could do anything with the score. But as you get older, become a parent and move closer to mortality, other parts of this great masterpiece reveal itself to you.
It's unbelievable that one man wrote this work, because it caters to the young, the middle-aged and the old. Our lives are all reflected in this one great work of art.
Joshua Kosman is The San Francisco Chronicle's music critic. Email: jkosman@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JoshuaKosman
Prolific producer Siddharth Roy Kapur has signed filmmaker RS Prasanna for their next film. RS Prasanna made their debut in Bollywood with the recent smashing success of Shubh Mangal Savdhan. Even before the movie has left the theatres we are already acquainted with their next project.
Siddharth Roy Kapur confirmed the news, “Yes, Prasanna and I will be collaborating on their next film and I am very happy to be working with him. Like the rest of the country, I absolutely loved Shubh Mangal Savdhan. RS is an extremely talented filmmaker with a fresh voice and has an ability to make unique content reach out to a mainstream audience. I am sure that together we will make a memorable film.”
Prasanna shares “I have great respect for Siddharth and their creative vision which is evident in the films they have backed over the past decade. It is an honour and delight to work with him. I am excited about our collaboration and I'm sure it will be a great experience. We hope to give the audiences a truly special film through our collaboration. I believe post the success of Shubh Mangal Savadhan, partnering with Sid excites me as a filmmaker who wants to tell unusual stories that celebrate life in all its ordinariness.”
This collaboration marks the coming together of two strong creative forces and it is going to be interesting to see the end product. Siddharth and Prasanna have met extensively and brainstormed on various subjects for the movie they would like to make together and are close to locking in on one of them.
Trending :
Roy Kapur Films believes in backing young and new talent. Siddharth Roy Kapur is an eminent producer of several critically acclaimed and commercially successful films like Dangal, ABCD2, Haider, Barfi and Kai Po Che. They believe in constantly setting new benchmarks with every project they back. They have founded their own production company Roy Kapur Films after a long stint at Disney and UTV.
Roy Kapur Films has various noteworthy film projects in the pipeline – including amongst others, a biopic on Rakesh Sharma, the first Indian in space with Aamir Khan playing the lead, and also the Dangal director Nitesh Tiwari's next film which is based on the book “How I braved Anu Aunty and Cofounded a Million Dollar Company”. In addition to producing films, RKF has marked its foray into digital media by entering into a landmark multi-year partnership with Reliance Jio to produce original video content including shows and films for 128 million Jio subscribers across India.
Prassana made their debut in Bollywood this year with Shubh Mangal Savdhan which quickly became one of the most popular films and biggest hits of the year. Prior to that Prasanna made the romantic comedy Kalyana Samayal Saadham in Tamil, on which SMS was based.  They are now going to be focused on directing Hindi films.
Elaia Estiatorio 95 School St., Bridgehampton 631-613-6469, elaiaestiatorio.com COST: $$$ SERVICE: Attentive, efficient AMBIENCE: Rustic Greek, Hamptons-style ESSENTIALS: Open Wednesday to Thursday, 5. to 10 p.m.; Friday and Saturday, 5 to 11 p.m.; Sunday, 5. to 10 p.m. Reservations recommended weekdays, necessary weekends. Major credit cards accepted. Two steps at entrance, difficult for wheelchair access.
The Greek islands number more than 2,000.
Add another.
Refreshing, bright and ready for summer, Elaia Estiatorio presents the Greek classics with Hamptons flair. Elaia itself means the olive, the source of so many gifts from the 170 populated isles that dot the Aegean and Ionian seas.
The evocative restaurant that takes its name from the olive tree makes the East End season come alive with excellent food, an openhanded manner and a sense of place. It can be a pricey spot, but less expensive than a cruise.
Owner Chris Boudouris opened Elaia in July 2017. They have transformed the dining room, which had been occupied by Osteria Salina. Before Osteria moved in, Boudouris had owned and operated Copa, a tapas spot that offered very satisfying flavors of Barcelona during its 3 1/2-year run.
Now, they oversee what, dish for dish, bids fair to be the tastiest Greek restaurant on Long Island.
Airy and light, decorated with seaside images and macrame that suggests fishing nets, Elaia updates the local Grecian formula, avoiding cliches and emphasizing freshness.
Subscribe to the Feed Me newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Start your trip with tender, meaty grilled octopus, accented with fava beans and pickled vegetables. Enjoy the colorful salad of red and yellow beets, butter beans and pine nuts that rests on honeyed Greek yogurt. Try feta saganaki, sesame-crusted and pan-fried, complemented by tomato marmalade. And, if the special of fried zucchini blossoms stuffed with ricotta, feta and Gruyere is available, consider it mandatory.
Spanakopita flakes on cue, with crisp phyllo surrounding the spinach-and-feta pie. Order tiganita, fried slices of zucchini and eggplant, skewered and plated as if to suggest wheels moving through tzatziki sauce.
Tzatziki is one of the better spreads too, fine with warm triangles of pita. But the yellow split-pea puree has the texture of baby food. And the taramosalata, made with salted and cured roe, is a very timid version. Keftedes, or braised lamb, beef and pork meatballs, will reawaken your appetite with grated kefalograviera cheese, and tomato sauce with a hint of cumin.
Whole, grilled local black sea bass is adroitly chargrilled, finished with extra-virgin olive oil and lemon, accompanied by dandelion greens. Not the fattest fish around, but very good. The bigger catch is giouvetsi thalassinon, similar to a seafood stew with shellfish and calamari, orzo and tomato sauce with a note of ouzo. Aromatic, savory roasted local fluke, seasoned with capers, lemon and parsley sauce, is perched on a pilaf of spinach and rice.
Leg of lamb, cooked slowly in parchment with potatoes, carrots and shallots, falls tenderly off the rosemary-speared bone. It's terrific. So are the charcoal-grilled pork chops, with grated kefalograviera and hefty fries. The kitchen also makes a generous pastitsio, akin to a Greek lasagna, with beef-and-lamb ragu and béchamel sauce. Stuffed and baked eggplant adds caramelized peppers, onion, tomatoes, pine nuts and a shower of semisoft manouri cheese, a creamy byproduct of feta.
Elaia's Greek desserts are uniformly outstanding. Pick at random from orange-infused yogurt cake with orange syrup; delectable galaktoboureko with vanilla bean custard and lemon zest syrup; a turret of rice pudding with orange zest; superior baklava with honey syrup; ekmek kataifi, with creamy custard, fresh cream and cherry preserves.
Greece has 250 sunny days a year. Elaia Estiatorio imports one for you.
Former prime minister Tony ­Abbott has called for Australia to cut its $40 million-a-year aid budget to the Palestinian Authority while it “keeps paying pensions to terrorists and their families”.
Mr Abbott has recently returned from a visit to Israel where they met Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, visited the Palestinian territories and met Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah.
In an article to be published in The Spectator Australia today, Mr Abbott also canvasses Australia expressing its “unswerving support for Israel as the region's only liberal, pluralist democracy” by considering following any move by the Trump administration to move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Although Jerusalem is the national capital, all nations with diplomatic relations with Israel locate their embassies in Tel Aviv, the largest city.
This is because most nations do not formally recognise Israel's annexation of East Jerusalem, occupied after the Six-Day War in 1967.
Mr Abbott's remarks reflect widespread sentiment in the Liberal Party of dismay at what is seen as a one-sided, anti-Israel resolution the US allowed to pass the UN Security Council, where it normally vetoes such votes.
Although Australia is not a member of the Security Council, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has made it clear Canberra opposes the resolution as passed.
Las Cruces Crime Stoppers is offering a reward of up to $1,000 for information that helps identify the suspects in Tuesday morning's armed robbery at a Subway restaurant.
Investigators learned that, at about 7:30 a.m. on Tuesday, Feb. 14, two people walked into the Subway store at 555 Utah Ave. One of the suspects was armed with a kitchen knife which was used to threaten the store employee. The suspects ordered the employee to hand over cash from the register before they fled the store.
One of the suspects was described as a woman, about 5-feet-3-inches tall with a medium build. They were wearing a red or pink hoodie.
The second suspect was said to be a man about 5-feet-5-inches tall with a thin build. They were wearing a dark hoodie with black pants.
Surveillance cameras captured footage of the suspects in the store.
The suspects were last seen leaving from the back door of the store. Their whereabouts are unknown at this time.
Anyone with information that can help identify the suspects is asked to call Las Cruces Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) or send a tip by text message to CRIMES (274637), keyword LCTIPS.
The Crime Stoppers number and text messaging services are operational 24 hours a day and you do not have to give your name to collect a reward.
Information from Las Cruces Police
The men's and women's crew celebrated their senior day as 14 seniors rowed for the last time at the Cayuga Inlet and took on Skidmore College, St. Lawrence University, and Smith College.
For the men's team, the second Varsity 8 boat won their race at the meet with a time of 6:19.07. The Bombers Varsity 8 boat defeated the Saints of St. Lawrence University with a time of 6:09.07.
In the men's Novice 8 race, the Bombers finished with a time of 6:31.59, which was about 20 seconds faster than St. Lawrence's ‘A' boat.
For the women's team, the Varsity 8 boat defeated Skidmore College with a fast time of 6:40.37.
The women's second Varsity 8 boat won their race with an even 7:00.00.
The third Varsity 8 boat clocked a time of 7:25.4 and beat out Smith College by 25.6 seconds.
The Novice 8 boat also defeated Smith College in their race by 28.9 seconds, making their finishing time 7:34.3.
In the women's Novice 4 race, the boat came in first with a time of 7:59.1, beating out St. Lawrence University by 36.5 seconds.
The Bombers next race begins at 8 a.m. April 22 as they travel to Worcester, Massachusetts, to take on Trinity College, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Colby College and the University of New Hampshire.
METAIRIE, La. (AP) — When linebacker A.J. Klein joined the Saints this offseason, they aren't keenly aware of the problems New Orleans had on defense during the past few seasons and remains uninterested in revisiting it.
“I really didn't look into numbers. I didn't look into what's happened in the past,” Klein said after a minicamp practice on Wednesday. “Right now I'm focused on the future, focused on building on what we have.”
And what the Saints have in their linebacker room looks considerably different than this time a year ago, when New Orleans was planning on 2016 free-agent signing James Laurinaitis taking over at middle linebacker, only to wind up releasing them less than halfway into last season.
After signing Klein, the Saints also added free agent Manti Te'o and used a third-round draft choice on Alex Anzalone out of Florida.
Advertisement
The new players joined a linebacker group that includes returning starters Dannell Ellerbe and Craig Robertson, along with Nate Stupar, who served mostly as a reserve and special teams stalwart last season.
Also back is 2015 late first-round draft pick Stephone Anthony, who is trying to bounce back from a season that saw their playing time diminished.
They all have a new position coach in Mike Nolan, who has taken over for Joe Vitt.
Last season, the Saints' defense ranked 27th in yards allowed, which actually represented an improvement over the previous two seasons, when the unit ranked 31st. Although the linebackers weren't the only defensive players who struggled, that was an area the Saints evidently targeted for improvement.
“It just seems like it's a new room. There are a lot of new faces and the old faces— everybody's just trying to get a feel for each other,” said Te'o, whose work has been limited while they continue their comeback from a torn Achilles.
“We're all hanging out. We're all working out together. We're all competing and when the pads come on, that's going to be the biggest tell for everybody.”
Nolan's hope is that an injection of new players in the linebacker group will raise the level of play across that position group. They also have emphasized versatility, seeing what all the linebackers can do at various inside and outside spots.
“We're rotating all those guys,” Nolan said. “All the guys see it as a real competitive position and that's a good thing — and I think it's legit.
“The fact that A.J. and Manti and even Alex Anzalone, the rookie, have been added to the group, the veterans in Craig and Nate and Anthony and all those guys, I think they feel it. But they should feel it. Everyone should feel it. That's how you get better. Whoever starts, starts. But I think it's a good group if we can just stay healthy.”
Nolan, whose father, Dick, served as Saints head coach from 1978 to 1980, has been coaching in the NFL since 1987 and attained their first job as a defensive coordinator with the New York Giants in 1993. They spent four seasons as head coach in San Francisco from 2005-2008.
“From a confidence standpoint, obviously you feel like you can help,” Nolan said. “I was a coordinator for 17 years and we had some really good years.”
Dennis Allen, New Orleans' current defensive coordinator, said Nolan has brought fresh ideas.
“There are some terminology things, things that they do in teaching the linebackers that, you know, when I hear it I'm like, ‘I haven't heard it that way,' but it makes sense,” Allen said.
“You can get into situations when you've been doing it for a while you kind of get stuck in that routine and you're kind of doing the same thing,” Allen added.
“When you bring some new blood into the organization, it kind of opens your eyes maybe to some different things.”
Klein said they have been working mostly at the middle and strong-side linebacker spots, but also is trying to learn the weak side in a defense that is expected to deploy a 4-3 alignment (four linemen, three linebackers) in running situations.
Te'o, who generally has played in the middle, said he's eager to play at either outside spot as well.
Robertson, who took over as starting middle linebacker last season, has been working primarily in the middle and weak side.
Robertson said what they did last year, “doesn't matter.”
“It's a what-have-you-done-for-me-lately league and you've got to show that you're a better player than what you were last year,” Robertson said. “You can't look back at last year. … It's all about now.”
Notes: Saints center Max Unger said their goal is to be starting in Week 1 of the regular season after having foot surgery this offseason. Unger is not currently practicing and was wearing a walking boot in the locker room as they continue their rehabilitation. …
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Automotive Thermal Management System Market Report 2018 Global Industry Trends, Size, Share, Sales and Regional Analysis, include historic data, with forecast data to 2023. Automotive Thermal Management System Market research report is helpful for future strategy development, and to know about Market Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, and key player's outlook.
The report on Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance.
Competitive Landscape:
The key players in automotive thermal management system market are Denso (Japan), MAHLE GmbH (Germany), Valeo (France), Gentherm (U.S.), and BorgWarner (U.S.). Bosch (Germany), CapTherm Systems (Canada), Dana Incorporated (U.S.), DuPont (U.S.), Hanon Systems (South Korea), and VOSS Automotive (Indiana) are among others.
Market Scenario:
Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market Report: Information by Component (Compressor, HVAC, Powertrain Cooling, and Fluid Transport), System (Motor, Battery, Cabinet Area), Vehicle Type, Electric Vehicle Type (BEV, PHEV, HEV)–Forecast till 2023.
The automotive thermal management system market is expected to expand at the CAGR of around 8.55% during the period 2018 to 2023. A thermal management system is used to control the temperature of various systems in vehicles. Vehicle manufacturers are developing new technologies to improve the vehicle and drivetrain efficiency, and heat loss due to overheating of engines. The improved thermal management system can enhance the efficiency of conventional powertrain and reduce the energy consumption by cooling the passenger cabin. In electric vehicles, thermal management plays a magnificent role in extending the range of vehicles by ensuring comfort for passengers. In conventional internal combustion powertrain, thermal management system includes lubrication for advanced engine and transmission, electrical systems, and hardware and software that are designed to regulate temperature of engine and transmission systems. In passenger cars, thermal management system is used to improve heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning (HVAC), and minimize heat transfer in the system.
For more information on “Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market Research Report – Forecast to 2023” visit: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/automotive-thermal-management-system-market-6063
The factors that are responsible for the growth of automotive thermal management system market are stringent environmental regulations, innovation in powertrain and passenger comfort technologies, growing sales of electric vehicles, and among others. European automakers are developing various types of technologies such as exhaust-gas recirculation (EGR) cooling, variable mechanical devices, and replacement of mechanical with electric pumps and accessories to improve the efficiency of the thermal management system. Passenger comfort technologies tend to improve the cabin comfort and reduce fuel consumption. The reduced consumption will increase the use of thermal management system in the vehicle, which will drive the market. Also, there has been an increase in the sales of electric vehicles in countries such as China, Japan, and the U.S. The increased sales will result in high demand for thermal management in systems such as motor, battery, cabinet area, and others.
Market Segmentation:
The scope of the study segments the global automotive thermal management systems market by its component, system, vehicle type, and electric vehicle type, and region
By Component:
Compressor
HVAC
Powertrain Cooling
Fluid Transport
By System:
Motor
Battery
Cabinet Area
Others
By Vehicle Type:
Passenger Car
Commercial Vehicle
By Electric Vehicle Type:
BEV
HEV
PHEV
By Region:
North America
Europe
Asia Pacific
Rest of the World
The report for Global Electric Bicycle Market of Market Research Future comprises extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
List of Tables:
Table 1 Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market: By Region, 2018-2023
Table 2 North America Automotive Thermal Management System Market: By Country, 2018-2023
Table 3 Europe Automotive Thermal Management System Market: By Country, 2018-2023
Table 4 Asia Pacific Automotive Thermal Management System Market: By Country, 2018-2023
Table 5 RoW Automotive Thermal Management System Market: By Country, 2018-2023
Table 6 Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market, By Component, By Regions, 2018-2023
Table 7 North America Automotive Thermal Management System Market, By Component, By Country, 2018-2023
Table 8 Europe Automotive Thermal Management System Market, By Component, By Country, 2018-2023
Table 9 Asia Pacific Automotive Thermal Management System Market By Component, By Country, 2018-2023
Table 10 RoW Automotive Thermal Management System Market By Component, By Country, 2018-2023
Table 11 Global Automotive Thermal Management System By System Market: By Regions, 2018-2023
Table 12 North America Automotive Thermal Management System Market By System: By Country, 2018-2023
Continued…
List of Figures:
FIGURE 1 Research Process Of MRFR
FIGURE 2 Top Down & Bottom Up Approach
FIGURE 3 Market Dynamics
FIGURE 4 Impact Analysis: Market Drivers
FIGURE 5 Impact Analysis: Market Restraints
FIGURE 6 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
FIGURE 7 Value Chain Analysis
FIGURE 8 Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market SHARE, By Component, 2016 (%)
FIGURE 9 Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market, By Component, 2015-2023 (USD MILLION)
FIGURE 10 Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market SHARE, By System, 2016 (%)
FIGURE 11 Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market, By System, 2015-2023 (USD MILLION)
FIGURE 12 Global Automotive Thermal Management System Market SHARE, By Electric Vehicle Type, 2016 (%)
Continued…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Amanora Chambers,
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India+1 646 845 9312
sales@marketresearchfuture.com
A Blue Shark was discovered by a man out walking along the Ballagan shoreline, close to Gyles Quay, yesterday evening.
Blue Shark's are known to venture close to Irish shores, but are predominantly an ocean-going fish.
Andy Egan explained how they happened upon the predator.
"I went for a walk after dinner on Ballagan Shore and found the Blue Shark - won't be paddling tomorrow!!", they added.
According to 'Ireland's Wildlife' Blue sharks grow to a "maximum length of just under 4 metres and typically weigh between 136 – 182 kg, but can grow larger, with the largest recorded specimen coming in at a whopping 240 kg. The record for a blue shark caught in Irish waters is 93.5 kg (206 lb)."
Blue Sharks are top predators according to the website.
"As an apex predator the blue shark sits at the top of the food chain, and healthy adult individuals are generally not at risk of predation by other species (with the exception, of course, of man), although larger sharks may pose some threat.
"Blues feed mainly on smaller prey, predominantly schooling fish and squid, but will readily take larger prey items such as smaller sharks, marine mammals and carrion should the opportunity arise."
Police are still searching for a second suspect involved in a fatal officer-involved shooting near Malaekahana Beach.
It happened just before 4 p.m. Police said officers responded to the Malaekahana campground after getting reports of a man driving a pickup truck that was stolen earlier Friday from the Waialua area.
Officers found the stolen Toyota Tacoma at the camp's parking lot and ordered its driver to stop.
In an attempt to flee, the suspect rammed the officer with the truck. The officer then opened fire, hitting the 29-year-old driver multiple times in the chest.
They were taken to the hospital in critical condition where they later died. A male passenger in the vehicle ran off during the shooting and remains at large.
The officer who was struck by the vehicle received non-life threatening injuries. They were taken to the hospital and was released Friday night.
Witnesses said the owner of the stolen truck was the one who spotted their vehicle around Malaekahana and called police.
"He saw it over here parked so they went up to go confront them and their other friend called the cops, and that's how it all kind of started," said witness William Pittler. "Five to 10 minutes after that, all we heard was pop, pop, pop, pop. I thought it was fireworks or something, then I thought again and said, 'Oh that kind of sounded like gunshots.'"
Police said the officer who discharged their weapon served 17 years with the Honolulu Police Department. They were put on paid administrative leave, which is standard protocol in officer-involved shootings.
Anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers at 808-955-8300.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Latest on the investigation into the death of Prince (all times local):
1:45 p.m.
A Minnesota defense attorney who's well-versed on drug cases says prosecutors are unlikely to pursue charges against a doctor who allegedly wrote a prescription for Prince in someone else's name.
Joe Tamburino is not associated with the Prince case. But they say allegations that a doctor wrote an illegal prescription for oxycodone is likely a low priority — because Prince died of fentanyl.
Advertisement
They say authorities could charge Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg and Prince's friend, Kirk Johnson, with a low-level felony that wouldn't result in prison time.
But, they say, that prescription is tangential to the case. Documents unsealed Monday don't say how Prince got the fentanyl that killed him, and Tamburino says finding the answer to that will be the target for investigators.
___
9:05 a.m.
A court document says a doctor prescribed oxycodone for Prince under the name of the musician's friend to protect their privacy.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park home on April 21.
Autopsy results showed they died from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
According to search warrants unsealed Monday, authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's emails to try to determine where they got the fentanyl that killed him.
The documents suggest Prince was struggling with prescription opioid addiction.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg admitted they prescribed oxycodone for Prince in a Prince's associate's name “for Prince's privacy.”
A message left with Schulenberg's attorney wasn't immediately returned.
___
12:15 a.m.
It's been nearly a year since Prince died from an accidental drug overdose at their suburban Minneapolis estate, yet investigators still haven't interviewed a key associate or asked a grand jury to consider whether criminal charges are warranted, according to an official with knowledge of the investigation.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park home on April 21. Authorities later said they died of an overdose of fentanyl, a powerful synthetic drug. They still don't know the origin of those drugs and there has been no indication that they are poised to hold anyone responsible anytime soon.
On Monday, search warrants executed by local authorities are due to be unsealed, likely including one from the first search of Paisley Park.
I probably had as much sake last Thursday night as I'd cumulatively drunk over the last few years.
What's more, instead of drinking the cheap stuff in thimble-sized sake cups, I and others at a special event at Signatures, the restaurant attached to Le Cordon Bleu Ottawa on Laurier Avenue, were enjoying superior samples of the Japanese rice-based fermented alcohol, paired as if they were wines with Signatures chef Yannick Anton's made-for-the-occasion dishes.
The restaurant's ground floor dining room was filled with sake novices and enthusiasts, Signatures regulars and Embassy of Japan staff. (Disclosure: I and a friend attended the event at the invitation of Signatures.) We were there not simply to enjoy the rarefied food and drink, but to learn from Ottawa-based sake sommelier Lee Wagner, who is also a co-owner of Steak & Sushi on Clarence Street in the ByWard Market.
Clearly a passionate sake buff, Wagner talked us through our sips, educating us about how sake is made, what distinguishes good sake from great sake, and what we ought to be discerning in our glasses. They definitely gave me a lot to think about.
Below are the dishes that Anton, who was inspired to produce French dishes with Japanese touches, offered, plus details about the sake chosen as pairings.
First out of the kitchen was a tataki of beef tenderloin with a shallot-soy-mustard dressing. Not shown was an accompanying shooter of chilled soy bean soup that was notably interesting and savoury, I think, thanks to its dashi base.
This superbly crafted starter was paired with a chilled Ontario-made sake — who knew there were such things? — called Nama Nama, one of the Izumi-branded sakes by the Ontario Spring Water Sake Company. Based in Toronto's Distillery District, Izumi the company is North America's first sake brewery. The unpasteurized sake was clear, crisp and acidic, but also surprisingly viscous. Even more surprisingly to me, Wagner directed us to taste the sake with umami in mind — that was a bit of a revelation, but I could see what they were getting at.
Next, Anton served some pristine hamachi tuna with a sake and miso emulsion, fermented radish, shiitake, sea buckthorn and edamame. This dish was a delicate triumph from a chef who in contrast had floored me a few months ago with rich French food at a special meal dedicated to the memory and achievements of Paul Bocuse.
The beautiful fish was paired with the night's highest-quality brew, Dassai “39” Junmai Daiginjo sake from the Japanese producer Asahi Shuzo. Wagner told us that the Junmai Daiginjo designation points to the best grade of sake — Junmai refers to a pure rice sake containing no brewer's alcohol, and Daiginjo refers to rice that has been milled by at least 50 per cent to remove fat and protein and expose the starchy centre of grains. The “39” in the sake's name refers to 39 per cent of the rice remaining after the polishing, although even more pure brews such as “23s” and even “8s” can be found. The Dassai was as delicate as the fish dish, tasting lightly of pear or pineapple, and it was devoid of bitterness. The quality of this brew was apparent, and it certainly would have been a pleasure to sip on its own.
Anton's slow-poached halibut filet with matcha tea sauce, chawan mushi custard and tempura asparagus featured some of the best-cooked fish that I've eaten this year — the halibut was meltingly tender. I wasn't immediately convinced by the matcha tea sauce, although it won me over and I was ultimately scraping the plate with my cutlery to leave none of it behind. I love chawan mushi and was glad that Anton had included it, although it might have been more pleasurable had it come in a separate cup, as had the soupy shooter with the first course, rather than broken beneath the fish. In this dish, I think the term “tempura” might have been used a little loosely, but it was still a good piece of deep-fried asparagus.
With the dish came a glass of Snow Flake sake, a Junmai Kimoto (made with a yeast starter) from the Japanese producer Dewanoyuki. This was the only sake that was served warm, such that its alcohol and sweetness more apparent. I can't say that I preferred it to the chilled sakes, especially in concert with food.
Anton's final savoury dish included medallions of deer loin with a really lovely portobello and porcini tart, caramelized shallot leaves, a daube red wine jus, and a smear of intense sour-sweet umeboshi plum compote. Before dinner, Anton spoke of their desire to blend French and Japanese cuisine harmoniously and this dish might have been their most successful effort. It was paired with Heaven's Mountains sake, a Junmai Genshu (undiluted pure rice sake) from Tenzan, Japan. I confess that for me, a red wine would have really hit the spot at this point.
Dessert — a smidgen of coconut tapioca pudding with mango gel, lychee sorbet, granola coconut crisp — came paired with sake too. And this glass of Snow Beauty, a sake from Hakushika, Japan, contained the most unexpected sake for me, as it was
a Junmai Nigori, where “nigori” refers to a roughly filtered or cloudy sake, in which rice sediment lends a slightly creamy texture to the drink. This was not a sake variant that I warmed to right away, or even after some minutes.
But even if nigori sake isn't — yet? — to my taste, I was glad to learn that it and all of its cousins existed, during an evening that on the whole strongly convinced me about sake's exquisite appeals.
phum@postmedia.com
twitter.com/peterhum
Cleary's boxer Lewis Williams will be looking to emulate stablemate Morgan Ansell and claim the Three Nations title when they fight at the Magna Science Adventure Centre in Rotherham this weekend.
Williams will need to win two fights to be crowned Elite Three Nations champion at 91kg. Ansell claimed the youth 48kg title in Scotland earlier this month.
England coach Amanda Coulson said: “Every boxer selected to compete will have been preparing really well towards representing England at this prestigious event.
“Each boxer will pick up international experience with an overall goal of being crowned the Elite GB Three Nations champion.”
If Williams is successful they will end the season as Great Britain's number two, putting them in a strong position to challenge current number one Cheavon Clarke with Olympic qualification beginning next year.
Meanwhile, 17-year-old Leamington fighter Josh Finch will box former world champion Ricky Hatton's son Cameron on Cleary's Gym's home show Friday June 8.
Tickets for the show can be purchased by calling Ady Bush on 07581 506820.
AP Photo/Reed Saxon
DETROIT (AP) — Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
“It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer,” said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
“It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend,” Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokesperson Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
– The youngest drivers – those ages 16 to 18 – were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
– Eighty-three percent of drivers – and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older – said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
– Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
– Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
– Twenty-three percent of drivers – and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 – think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
– Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
Comments
comments
User Name Remember Me? Password
2017 NFL Calendar Year: Franchise Tags Begin
this is a discussion within the Saints Community Forum; Don't see the Saints using the franchise tag on anyone... But who could be tagged that the Saints may want to sign??? Twitter...
Canada and Latvia have put in place an agreement governing the establishment of a NATO battlegroup in the eastern European country.
This summer Canada will lead a multinational NATO battlegroup in Latvia as part of what the military has called the alliance's enhanced Forward Presence (eFP) in Central and Eastern Europe. A technical arrangement was signed Tuesday by Brigadier-General Bruce Ploughman, Chief of Staff Readiness Canadian Joint Operations Command, and Brigadier-General Ivo Mogilnijs, Chief of Staff of the Joint Headquarters of the Latvian National Armed Forces during a ceremony in Riga, Latvia.
The arrangement between Canada and Latvia outlines the general principles, conditions and terms of reference governing the establishment and operation of the NATO eFP Battlegroup.
Canada will contribute a Land Task Force of up to 455 personnel including a battlegroup headquarters element, a mechanized infantry company, combat service support, vehicles and equipment based in Latvia to support NATO's eFP in Eastern and Central Europe.
The presence of the Canadian-led eFP Battlegroup is defensive, proportionate and fully in line with NATO's international commitments,” the Department of National Defence stated in a news release. The Canadian military has also deployed troops to Poland and is training Ukraine's soldiers.
But Russia has called NATO's expansion to its borders deliberately provocative.
Russia's Ambassador to Canada, Alexander Darchiev, told the Globe and Mail in December that they felt the NATO deployment was an unwise diversion of resources from fighting what they considered the biggest menace: terrorism.
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of at least seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with eight counts of first degree murder for the deaths of men with ties to the city's gay village.
Investigators say they began excavating the home's backyard in January, but nothing was found.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Planning officers are recommending councillors give the go-ahead for Bentley Motors to build two four storey office blocks on Pyms Lane in Crewe.
Members of the council's strategic planning board are due to discuss the application at a meeting in Macclesfield tomorrow (Wednesday).
In a report due to be submitted to the meeting a planning officer states: “This proposal would bring economic benefits and investment in an area with a long-standing association with the manufacture of motor vehicles. Bentley Motors are a major employer located within one of the principal growth areas of the borough where national/local plan policies strongly support such development.
“The proposal is compatible with the surrounding development and the design, scale and form of the buildings would not appear incongruous within their context owing to the character of the area and the construction of a similarly designed building to the east of the site.”
The officer adds: “The impact on neighbouring residential amenity would be acceptable owing to the low impact nature of the use, the generous separation with neighbouring properties and having regard to the context of the area as a centre for automotive manufacturing.”
The two 7,200sqm proposed buildings would occupy the site of a previously proposed five storey engineering technical centres approved under a previous planning application.
The site comprises part of the former council waste transfer depot which is primarily hard surfaced land and several industrial/storage units which are presently undergoing demolition.
Tomorrow's meeting takes place at 10.30am at Macclesfield Town Hall.
A North-East Doric comedy duo who will soon celebrate a 20-year partnership are gearing up for a busy time this Christmas and New Year.
Self-confessed “hairdresser to the stars”, Patrice and their comedy companion John McRuvie have been performing their unique brand of “Doric Humour”
from Dingwall to Dundee, leaving behind a trail of laughter whilst helping to raise over half a million pounds for local charities and groups along the way.
“Well, Almost Dundee”. Joked Patrice, “We got as far as Broughty Ferry to a venue that was so rough when I asked the barmaid for something tall and full of whiskey, they sent o'er them man”.
It was back in 1998 that they began their journey as stand-up Doric Comedians on a much-loved local radio show. They went on to perform thousands of live shows at hundreds of venues.
They wrote and played in comedy sketches on the “Grampian Weekend” TV Show and they released two joke books, two live CDs's and two comedy videos over the years.
As their 20th anniversary approaches the boys have been keeping busy. In April of this year they played to a sold-out Tivoli Theatre with their show “It's Nae Real”. In June they crowned the Buchan Queen during Peterhead's Scottish Week, where they also performed their show to a packed house at the Community Theatre and they make a return to a sold-out Tivoli Theatre on Saturday, December 2
However, it was a looking at their past that gave them the idea for their latest project. Their first full length movie called “The Gig Hunt”. It's a story about their attempts to find an old venue in Aberdeen that has survived the recent downturn.
“The places we return to are either closed, building sites or something completely different”. However, all is not lost as somehow, they end up at the oldest theatre in Aberdeen.
It was reminiscing on their comedy career that gave them the idea for the plot. John told us: “We were looking back through our old catalogue and it became clear to us that many of these long-standing clubs in which we recorded had vanished.
"We felt that had to do something to honour and acknowledge their existence as they were much loved venues by both us and their members”
Both still love performing live around the Doric Community. Patrice confessed “Some of the venues we play are fantastic little gems of theatres and halls dotted around the area. We only hope they all don't fall victim to the bulldozer, or they will have me to answer to”.
The DVD is available from Amazon (search “Gig Hunt”) and from The Fun House, 294 George Street, Aberdeen and The First Bus Shop, 47 Union Street, Aberdeen.
Chicago Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant throws to first base during the team's exhibition baseball game against the Cleveland Indians in Las Vegas on Saturday, March 17, 2018. (Chase Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal via AP)
Chicago Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant throws to first base during the team's exhibition baseball game against the Cleveland Indians in Las Vegas on Saturday, March 17, 2018. (Chase Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal via AP)
Third base is a polarizing position for 2018, as some fantasy analysts say it's extremely deep and others say it falls off tremendously after the top 10.
It all comes down to roster structure and your league size.
Outside of Mike Trout and Jose Altuve, the safest player in fantasy baseball is Nolan Arenado. And quite honestly, safety is what you want from your first-round pick. You want someone who will put up elite numbers, but doesn't have a lot of risk attached. Over the past three years, Arenado has averaged a .297 batting average, 40 home runs, 131 RBIs and 104 runs for the Rockies. If you want Arenado, you'll have to pay an early first-round price for him, but is they the only third baseman that deserves to be a first-round pick in fantasy this year?
Kris Bryant, Manny Machado and Jose Ramirez all make the case, but they are a tier below Arenado, typically falling in the middle of the second round.
Is it worth grabbing Arenado in the first round or one of the other asupervisorstioned second-tier third basemen in the second round? Sure, they'll all return value on the selection. You will, however, be forfeiting one of the top four ace pitchers and elite-level first basemen - a much thinner position - in favor of the third baseman.
If you opt to go in a different direction early on, fear not. There are useful contributors in the third and fourth rounds, as well as the middle of the draft.
Players like Anthony Rendon and Alex Bregman don't excel in one category, but they are five-category contributors. Josh Donaldson and Justin Turner are both in their 30s now and have dealt with injuries, but they both offer a relatively high floor in terms of power (Donaldson) and average (Turner), and are good backup options to the higher price guys in the early rounds.
The middle of the draft is where the players with a high ceiling replace those who are more proven.
Rafael Devers has a high ceiling as a high-end prospect and impressed in their rookie stint last year, hitting .284 with 10 home runs and 30 RBIs in 50 big league games. Nick Castellanos can be had in this range, too, as their underlying numbers showed that they were really better than their year-end numbers last year with how hard they hit.
The middle rounds allow you to address needs, too, as power stalwarts Joey Gallo and Miguel Sano are there for the taking. They both can hit 40-50 home runs, but they come with extreme swing-and-miss and batting average risks.
Need speed? Eduardo Nunez and their multi-position eligibility can get you back on track in the steals category, as he'll be filling in as the starting second baseman for the Red Sox to start the season and will be used as a super-utility man throughout the year.
Adrian Beltre's average draft position has slipped this year and they might be the best value out of any player at any position in the draft. Sure, he'll be 39 in April, but they still have an impressive hard-hit rate, is good for 20-plus home runs and a near-.300 average. As the 20th third baseman off the board based on ADP, he's a low-risk investment that could net huge returns.
On the subject of returning value, late-round fliers with upside include Eugenio Suarez, Maikel Franco, Jeimer Candelario, Todd Frazier, Matt Chapman and J.P. Crawford.
TOP 20 THIRD BASEMEN
1.Nolan Arenado, Rockies
2.Kris Bryant, Cubs
3.Manny Machado, Orioles
4.Jose Ramirez, Indians
5.Anthony Rendon, Nationals
6.Josh Donaldson, Blue Jays
7.Justin Turner, Dodgers
8.Alex Bregman, Astros
9.Rafael Devers, Red Sox
10.Travis Shaw, Brewers
11.Nick Castellanos, Tigers
12.Joey Gallo, Rangers
13.Miguel Sano, Twins
14.Adrian Beltre, Rangers
15.Kyle Seager, Mariners
16.Mike Moustakas, Royals
17.Eduardo Nunez, Red Sox
18.Eugenio Suarez, Reds
19.Jake Lamb, Diamondbacks
20.Todd Frazier, Mets
___
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network, http://FNTSY.com
If you grow bloodtwig dogwood and love its bright red stems in winter, here are more suggestions that produce a similar effect.
Plants Beyond Bloodtwig Dogwood That Provide Color in Winter
One such shrub is also a shrubby dogwood, Cornus sericea. Like bloodtwig dogwood above (C. sanguinea), most cultivars of C. sericea have red stems, but look for ‘Flaviramea', a selection with greenish yellow stems, and ‘Nitida', one with darker green stems. Both prefer full sun and damp soil, and they are hardy in Zones 2-8. They spread by root suckers; remove these if you don't want a colony to form.
Kerria japonica (above) commonly known as Japanese rose (Zones 4–9) provides a dense screen in winter with its bright green stems that grow straight up then arch over. Grow it in shade or sun; make sure it has good drainage.
On the above-named plants, young stems are the most colorful, so remove their oldest stems every other year, in early spring, to encourage new growth.
More Colorful Choices
Golden chain tree (Laburnum ×watereri; Zones 5–7) has green bark, but it's a little more understated than the other choices named in this article, in a dark shade of olive. It's a nice tree in general, growing in an elegant vase shape and blooming in spring, with long clusters of yellow flowers. It likes full sun to light shade and moist soil.
Winter jasmine (above; Jasminum nudiflorum; Zones 6–10) is a scrambling shrub that can be trained as a vine. It looks wonderful spilling over a gray stone wall in winter. Its slender stems are green, and as a bonus at winter's end they pop with bright yellow flowers. It tolerates poor, dry soil. It flowers best in full sun but will put up with some shade. Winter jasmine may root wherever its branches touch the ground. It grows fast and can become weedy, though it is not listed as invasive in any state. (Some other Jasminum species are.)
Finally, trifoliate orange (Poncirus trifoliata) can succeed as far north as Zone 6, though it will produce fewer flowers and bitter-tasting fruit the farther north it grows. Regardless, this small citrus tree's trunk, branches and thorns make a bright green splash in the winter landscape.
This excerpt originally appeared in Horticulture April 2011 issue. Back issues are available at GardenersHub.com. Join thousands of gardeners just like yourself and get smart gardening advice from experts delivered right to your home—Subscribe to Horticulture.
Related Posts:
Kearney, Neb. – Nebraska-Kearney junior utility player Alex Achtermann recently was named honorary captain of the 2018 Omaha World-Herald Division II All-Nebraska team.
The team is made up of players from UNK and Wayne State and is chosen by members of the OWH sports staff.
Achtermann, who was on last year's All-Nebraska junior college team when they played at Western Nebraska C.C., hit .413 in 2018 with 15 home runs and 57 RBIs. On the mound, they were 6-1 with a 4.45 ERA. The Colorado native started games at pitcher, first base, third base, right field and designated hitter.
Subsequently, the future Emporia State Hornet was named the MIAA and Central Region Player of the Year and made two All-American squads. Achtermann helped the Lopers go 28-24 this past season, reaching the MIAA Tournament in the program's final go-around
All-Nebraska NCAA Division II
C: Dallas Schramm, Sr., UNK, .318, 13 HR's, 65 RBI's
1B: Tanner Simons, Sr., WSC, .333, 9 HR, 14 SB's
2B: Andrew Hanson, Fr., WSC, .320, 7 HR, 29 RBI's
SS: Peter Carlson, Fr-R, UNK, .302, 39 RBI's
3B: Calvin Rudolph, So., UNK, .291, 23 RBI's
OF: Brandon Hernandez, Jr., UNK, .383, 27 2B's, 46 RBI's
OF: Travis Miller, Jr., WSC, .304, 7 HR's, 38 RBI's
OF: Brett Young, Jr., UNK, .356, 11 HR's, 39 RBI's
DH: Bryce Bisenius, So., WSC, .394, 39 RBI's
Utility: Alex Achtermann, Jr., UNK, .413, 57 RBIs, 6-1
P: Josh Cooper, Jr., UNK, 7-3, 2.70 ERA
P: Aaron Ras, Fr., WSC, 5-2, 4.02 ERA
P: Eric Sandoz, Jr., UNK, 2.97 ERA, 9 saves
P: Lawson Zenner, Fr., WSC, 3.60 ERA, 6 saves
Honorable Mention: UNK, Scott Platt, Josh Robinson, Ty Roseberry, Thomas Ruwe. WSC, Alex Logelin, Hunter Wienhoff.
One of President Donald Trump's favorite news sources on Sunday took a stronger stance than they did, and condemned Trump's own milquetoast remarks on a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, where one person died after a car plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters.
In an editorial titled “Trump badly missed the mark on Charlottesville,” the editorial board of the New York Post called for Trump to “find the right words.”
Trump on Saturday failed to address the hate groups at the rally, instead condemning “hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides — on many sides.”
“Really: That was it,” the editorial board wrote. “Yet ‘many sides' didn't drive a car into a crowd, an evident act of terrorism that killed Heather Heyer, 32, and hospitalized many more.”
The editorial board said the President shouldn't have a difficult time summoning “a few Trumpian terms like ‘losers' and ‘really, really bad people' to describe the hundreds of neo-Nazis, Klansmen, white supremacists and the like who descended on the college town — not after one of them has killed an innocent.”
It also cited National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster's claim Sunday that it was “clear” in Trump's mind that “we cannot tolerate obviously that bigotry, that hatred that is rooted in ignorance.”
“If it's clear in the president's mind, they need to make it clear in their own words, too,” the board wrote. “You don't have to be any kind of radical to be anti-Nazi.”
WTOP's Jason Fraley previews 'New Chefs on the Block' Jason Fraley http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/NEW-CHEFS-ON-THE-BLOCK-jfray-1.mp3 Download audio
WASHINGTON — In 2016, Bon Appétit magazine named D.C. its Restaurant City of the Year, announcing the nation's capital as a hot-spot destination for foodies.
Now, one local filmmaker captures the hungry zeitgeist in their new documentary “New Chefs on the Block,” which screens at the AFI Docs Film Festival twice this weekend at 4 p.m. Friday at the E Street Cinema in downtown D.C. and at 4 p.m. Sunday at the AFI Silver Theatre in Silver Spring, Maryland.
“It is absolutely unreal,” American University film school grad Dustin Harrison-Atlas told WTOP. “I worked at Discovery for three years and would walk by the AFI Silver Theatre and be like, ‘Man, I'm going to have a feature doc here someday.' Almost exactly 10 years later, it happened. It's a dream come true if there ever was one, and the fact that we're a Spotlight film is even more mind blowing.”
The film explores the dreams of two local chefs in launching new restaurants: Aaron Silverman of Rose's Luxury in Barracks Row, D.C., and Frank Linn of Frankly … Pizza! in Kensington, Maryland.
“It started as a project where I was going to follow them from construction through their first year of business,” Harrison-Atlas said. “But incredible construction delays and unbelievable accolades made it something that I simply could not stop filming. Filming went on twice as long as I thought it would.”
How did they choose these two specific restaurants to film? Turns out, it began as a family affair.
“I love stories about hard work paying off in the face of great odds,” Harrison-Atlas said. “When my brother-in-law Frank Linn decided they were going to open their first restaurant, [saying], ‘I'm gonna build it by hand with my mother, my father and wife,' I said, ‘That's it. It's going to make a phenomenal film.'”
However, they still needed to find a second restaurant in order to tell their story using parallel action.
“I Googled ‘New Chefs in D.C. Opening Their First Restaurants,' because I wanted to compare them,” Harrison-Atlas said. “The first guy that pops up is Aaron Silverman, their concept for Rose's Luxury and their Kickstarter campaign. … They had not even started construction yet. … They invited me in and I met their crew at a pop-up and I tasted their food. I'm not a foodie, but I knew ‘special' when I tasted it.”
Filming commenced with Harrison-Atlas shooting the entire thing themselves on a Panasonic AF-100.
“There simply was no space for anyone else,” Harrison-Atlas said. “I shot it on all prime lenses, which means that rather than doing a fly-on-the-wall film, I call it a ‘fly-on-the-plate film.' I wanted it to be super intimate. I take the audience into the kitchens. You're standing right next to the chefs as they're having super intense, personal moments, and I just had unbelievable access from the very beginning.”
Over a span of three years, they shot roughly 35 days in each restaurant, plus 10-15 days of separate interviews with various industry insiders, including Central chef Michel Richard, Graffiato owner Mike Isabella, Shake Shack owner Danny Meyer and The Washington Post food critic Tim Carman.
“What's special about the interviews is I placed the chefs at the center of their restaurants, which helps you see the evolution of their restaurants,” Harrison-Atlas said. “There's no green screen, there's no black background or anything like that, so you always feel like you're in the space.”
In addition to the chefs themselves, the film also creates characters out of the unique staff.
“To me, what makes it a really special film is that it's not about the chefs and their food — it's about the chefs and their staffs,” Harrison-Atlas said. “You get to know the kitchen staff, the wait staff, including the dishwasher. People who have seen the film have said, ‘I want more of the dishwasher!'”
Perhaps the most important characters are the family members, who shoulder much of the burden.
“Frank's wife becomes a huge part of the film, because she's a huge part of opening and maintaining the restaurant. That's not something you see in most chef documentaries: You don't see the impact of the restaurant life on the family. It's really hard for the spouse because the chef is there all the time.”
This idea is articulated during an interview with Richard: “You spend your life in the restaurant. You don't have much time for your own family. When I'm here, I want to be with my family; when I'm with my family, I want to be here. I've been doing it for 50 years. After that, I'm going to be doing it another 50 years — if I don't get too old too fast. I love it. It's my life.” Tragically, Richard passed away in 2016.
“I just absolutely bawled,” Harrison-Atlas said. “He was actually the second interview that I filmed, and they were magical on camera, just bubbling with life. They were born to be on camera. When I filmed their interview, I knew that I had something special going. … Two weeks before we finished editing, they passed away, so they never got to see the final film. They did get to see the trailer, which he's a huge part of, so they absolutely loved that and knew where we were going, but super sad they never got to see it.”
While that part of the film is bittersweet, the doc shines with an overwhelmingly happy ending.
“One of the restaurants ends up winning Best New Restaurant by Bon Appétit magazine,” Harrison-Atlas said. “Both restaurants are doing incredibly well, and while I was in there filming and they were both doing amazingly well, they were all calling me ‘The Rabbit's Foot,' which was pretty funny.”
This happy ending makes the film very programmable at festivals amid heavier social change docs. It made its world premiere at Cinequest in San Jose, California, winning an Audience Favorite Award, followed by the Seattle International Film Festival and Hot Docs in Toronto, where 1,300 people saw the movie over three days. Each time, Harrison-Atlas can't help but watch the audience's reaction.
“Half the time, I'm just staring at people's faces, knowing when the next joke is coming, to see whether they're going to laugh or cry,” Harrison-Atlas said. “It is the most satisfying feeling after spending four years — basically two-and-a-half to three years of filming and then a year of post-production — it is just an unbelievable feeling to have such a positive response from both the festivals and the people.”
In fact, the audience award at Cinequest sparked an impressive sales deal with Preferred Content.
“To a sales team, [an audience award] is actually the most valuable award, even more than a jury award,” Harrison-Atlas said. “We got picked up by a top-tier sales team, which was absolutely a dream come true. … They are famous for having sold [such docs as] ‘Chef's Table' and ‘Jiro Dreams of Sushi,' so we're in really good hands. We're in talks with lots of different companies: Netflix and Hulu.”
But first, come check out the documentary at the AFI Docs Film Festival on Friday and Sunday, a selection that inspired the D.C. Film Office to name Harrison-Atlas its Filmmaker of the Month.
“The most exciting thing is that I've done something with my career that I feel like I left a mark on the D.C. film scene and the D.C. food scene,” Harrison-Atlas said. “It's more than just about the food; it's about what and who it takes to open and maintain a restaurant. … Both the chefs and their staffs gave me unbelievable access to their hearts and souls, which is what it takes to keep these restaurants going. It'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry, it'll make you hungry. I hope everyone comes to see it.”
Click here for more information. Listen to the full conversation with filmmaker Dustin Harrison-Atlas below:
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
The Giants held a predraft, voluntary minicamp on April 24-26, 2018.
New York Giants wide receiver Sterling Shepard speaks to the media during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants' Patrick Omameh speaks with the media during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants head coach Pat Shurmur (in blue cap) and Giants quarterback Eli Manning watch as Giants quarterback Davis Webb runs a play during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants defensive end Olivier Vernon speaks to the media during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning looks to hand off the football to Giants running back Wayne Gallman during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning and quarterback Davis Webb stand on the field with coaches during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Giants wide receiver Sterling Shepard, right and cornerback William Gay interact during the first day of voluntary minicamp on April 24, 2018.
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning walks from the field during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. stretches during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants defensive back Janoris Jenkins throws a football during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants head coach Pat Shurmur talks to the media during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants head coach Pat Shurmur looks on from the field during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants president and CEO John Mara walks into the training facility during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. stretches during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants wide receiver Kalif Raymond runs with the football during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants defensive back Janoris Jenkins speaks with the media during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants' Patrick Omameh walks on the field during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
New York Giants head coach Pat Shurmur speaks to Giants quarterback Eli Manning during the first day of voluntary mini camp at Quest Diagnostics Training Center on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia has detained a woman holding a Vietnamese travel document in connection with the death of the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, police said on Wednesday.
The woman, detained on Wednesday morning at the low-cost terminal of the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in the Malaysian capital, was identified on the travel document as Doan Thi Huong, police said in a statement.
The “suspect was positively identified from the CCTV footage at the airport and was alone at the time of arrest,” they added.
South Korea's spy agency suspects two female North Korean agents assassinated the estranged half-brother of the North Korean leader on Monday, South Korean lawmakers in Seoul have said.
The Aussie property boom is nearing its end, with housing price growth to run in the low single-digits in 2018, a leading economist says.
But it will be a soft landing rather than a property market crash.
HSBC's chief economist for Australia, Paul Bloxham says house prices in Sydney and Melbourne have been growing at low double-digit annual rates over the past five years.
But during the past six months Sydney prices have fallen one per cent and Melbourne price growth has slowed to a seven per cent annual rate, they said.
"A hard landing is possible, but we believe this would require a negative shock from abroad and a sharp rise in the unemployment rate," Mr Bloxham said.
"We do not see a significant local housing imbalance and view Australia as having had a housing boom rather than having a housing bubble."
Mr Bloxham said the slowdown in Sydney and Melbourne had been driven by increased supply, higher lending rates for investors and a retreat in foreign demand, which had softened partly due to lending constraints by domestic banks and higher local taxes.
"We expect these factors to continue to weigh on housing price growth in the coming quarters and retain our forecast that national housing price growth will slow from the double-digit rates of recent years to three to six per cent in 2018," they said.
Mr Bloxham said HSBC had revised down its forecasts for Sydney and bumped up 2018 predictions for Melbourne, given recent trends and changes in population growth estimates.
They said Sydney housing prices were tipped to grow by two to four per cent next year, while growth was expected to be between seven to nine per cent in Melbourne.
Mr Bloxham said housing construction activity was likely to remain high over the next six to nine months, given the large pipeline of apartment building already underway.
OTTAWA — One of the Liberal government's most influential economic advisers says Canada's defence industry will be critical to sparking innovation and ensuring the country's prosperity over the long term.
Dominic Barton, the chair of Finance Minister Bill Morneau's growth council, says the defence sector supports 60,000 high-paying jobs in Canada and accounts for a significant percentage of Canada's exports to other countries.
And there is room for growth, they say, given mounting instability in different parts of the world and commitments by not only Canada but many of its NATO allies to ramp up defence spending in the coming years.
But Canada's own plans to dramatically increase defence spending has hit a snag: Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan says the Trudeau government fell $2.3 billion short of its plan to buy new military equipment last year.
As it is the case with virtually all cars receiving their grand premieres, the new Mercedes CLS made its debut at the Los Angeles Auto Show last month with all the bells and whistles, but what about the other versions of the model? Thankfully, now we have official images showing the Audi A7 Sportback rival in its base configuration for the German market.
Even the entry-level variant gets LED headlights, but without the Multibeam technology. It sits on 18-inch alloy wheels and features a black grille without the shiny fins of the so-called “diamond grille” installed on the upper-spec models. It still comes with some chrome accents here and there, but is not as glitzy as the more expensive models.
Inside, gone is the fully digital 12.3-inch digital instrument cluster as instead the CLS features traditional analog dials flanking a screen for the trip computer. If it looks familiar, there's a very good reason for that as the cheaper versions of the E-Class come with a similar setup. Despite being an entry-level specification, the car comes loaded with standard kit, including plenty of leather, piano black and metallic finishes, multifunction steering wheel, cruise control, and LED ambient lighting with 64 selectable colors. It also gets a sports exhaust system, but only if you go for the base CLS 450 4Matic model.
In related news, images of the AMG Line flavor (above) have been published to show off what customers will be getting for that extra €2,737: sporty body kit, the “diamond grille,” grey 19-inch with alloy wheels with five-twin-spoke design, along with a flat-bottomed AMG steering wheel, upgraded seats, and AMG-branded floor mats and sports pedals.
We also get to see the CLS fitted with the Night Package, which as the name implies brings an assortment of black accents noticeable on the window surrounds, front grille, as well as the front and rear bumpers. It also bundles tinted rear glass (you can remove it) and can be had with 18-, 19- or 20-inch wheels.
In its domestic market, the CLS starts off at €68,127 for the entry-level 350 d 4Matic model, followed by the 400 d 4Matic at €72,506, and the 450 4Matic from €70,906. The most expensive of the bunch is the Edition 1 (shown in the original photo gallery) available for an additional €12,495 regardless of engine choice.
Multibeam LED headlights are an extra €1,636 whereas the widescreen cockpit featuring a pair of 12.3-inch screens costs €1,011. Now a five-seater, the CLS can be had with a 40:20:40-split rear bench (€517 Easy-Pack Quickfold option) that once folded will allow the owners to squeeze in more cargo.
As a final note, the range-topping CLS 53 with a hybrid powertrain has already been announced and it will debut next month at NAIAS in Detroit. As for the CLS 63 and the CLS Shooting Brake, these are not coming back.
Further details about the German version can be found in the attached press release.
Source: Mercedes via Mercedes-Benz Passion Blog
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Politico has obtained rare footage of the ex-wife of President Donald Trump's labor secretary nominee appearing anonymously on The Oprah Winfrey Show in 1990, where they alleged spousal abuse. "I will see you in the gutter. This will never be over. You will pay for this," Lisa Fierstein alleged the labor secretary nominee, Andrew Puzder, told them in an episode titled "High Class Battered Women."
Puzder, the CKE Restaurants CEO, is slated for their Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday although four Republicans have said they are "withholding support," possibly jeopardizing their nomination. In addition to allegations that they abused their wife, Puzder faces trouble due to pushback from labor rights activists and their admission that they and their wife once employed an undocumented immigrant as a part-time housekeeper.
When Fierstein appeared on Oprah, they were already divorced from Puzder — their separation was finalized in 1987 — and disguised by large sunglasses and a wig and used an assumed name. Another woman who appeared in the episode supplied the video to Politico, and Senators on the HELP committee have also reviewed the tape, which was supplied to them by the Oprah Winfrey Network but had not been made available to the public.
In a petition seeking $350,000 in damages, Fierstein also alleged Puzder "assaulted and battered me by striking me violently about the face, chest, back, shoulders and neck, without provocation or cause" and left "bruises and contusions to the chest, back, shoulders and neck" as well as "two ruptured discs and two bulging discs." The petition was ultimately dismissed "on the grounds that Puzder's divorce agreement had already settled all Fierstein's prior claims against him," Politico writes.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Monday's Games
No. 6 Florida State at NC State, 7 p.m.
No. 7 Notre Dame at Georgia Tech, 7 p.m.
No. 8 Louisville at No. 13 Duke, 7 p.m.
No. 14 Miami at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Advertisement
No. 18 Virginia Tech vs. North Carolina, 7 p.m.
No. 23 DePaul vs. Providence, 9 p.m.
Tuesday's Game
No. 11 Ohio State at Northwestern, 9 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
No. 1 UConn vs. East Carolina at the XL Center, Hartford, Conn., 7 p.m.
No. 2 Baylor at No. 17 West Virginia, 7 p.m.
No. 3 Maryland at Nebraska, 8 p.m.
No. 15 Texas at Kansas, 8 p.m.
No. 20 Oklahoma vs. Kansas State, 8 p.m.
No. 22 South Florida at Tulane, 8 p.m.
No. 23 DePaul vs. Creighton, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
No. 4 Mississippi State at Arkansas, 8 p.m.
No. 5 South Carolina at Auburn, 7 p.m.
No. 6 Florida State at North Carolina, 7 p.m.
No. 7 Notre Dame vs. Wake Forest, 7 p.m.
No. 8 Louisville at Virginia, 7 p.m.
No. 13 Duke at Georgia Tech, 7 p.m.
No. 14 Miami at N.C. State, 7 p.m.
No. 24 Kentucky vs. Missouri, 7 p.m.
Friday's Games
No. 9 UCLA at Washington State, 9 p.m.
No. 10 Stanford vs. Oregon, 11 p.m.
No. 12 Washington vs. Southern Cal, 11 p.m.
No. 19 Arizona State at Utah, 9 p.m.
No. 20 California vs. No. 16 Oregon State, 9 p.m.
Saturday's Games
No. 2 Baylor at Oklahoma State, 3 p.m.
No. 3 Maryland vs. Northwestern, 2 p.m.
No. 11 Ohio State vs. Michigan, Noon
No. 15 Texas vs. TCU, 7 p.m.
No. 22 South Florida vs. Tulsa, 7 p.m.
Sunday's Games
No. 4 Mississippi State at Tennessee, 2 p.m.
No. 5 South Carolina at Florida, Noon
No. 6 Florida State vs. No. 13 Duke, 3 p.m.
No. 7 Notre Dame at No. 14 Miami, 3 p.m.
No. 8 Louisville vs. Pittsburgh, 4 p.m.
No. 10 Stanford vs. No. 16 Oregon State, 8 p.m.
No. 12 Washington vs. No. 9 UCLA, 5 p.m.
No. 17 West Virginia vs. No. 20 Oklahoma, 4 p.m.
No. 18 Virginia Tech at Clemson, 2 p.m.
No. 19 Arizona State at Colorado, 6 p.m.
No. 20 California vs. Oregon, 4 p.m.
No. 23 DePaul at Seton Hall, 2 p.m.
No. 24 Kentucky vs. Texas A&M, 2 p.m.
Welcome to the DFW Elite, where we highlight recruits from across DFW.
Today we'll focus on one of the top pass rushers in the country who will commit to either Texas or Notre Dame on May 19.
Name: NaNa Osafo-Mensah
School: Fort Worth Nolan Catholic
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Position: Outside linebacker/weakside defensive end
Height/Weight: 6-4, 227
Committed: No
Stars: 4
247Sports Rankings: No. 115 overall, No. 7 WDE, No. 15 player in Texas
Rivals Rankings: No. 160 overall, No. 6 OLB, No. 17 player in Texas
Number of offers: 27
Schools that have offered: Texas, Notre Dame, Alabama, Arkansas, Baylor, Colorado, Duke, Georgia, Houston, Louisiana Tech, LSU, Michigan, Michigan State, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Oklahoma State, Ole Miss, Oregon, Oregon State, SMU, TCU, Tennessee, Texas A&M, USC, Utah, Vanderbilt, Florida
Where he'll end up: 53% of Crystal Ball predictions on 247Sports.com have Osafo-Mensah going to Notre Dame, and 47 percent have them going to Texas.
Insight: Osafo-Mensah took an official visit to Notre Dame on April 13. He'll take an OV to Texas on May 4.
Twitter: @NaNaOsafo2
OTHER DFW ELITE
BERLIN — Bayern Munich's expected re-appointment of Jupp Heynckes as coach for a fourth stint has been delayed.
News agency dpa says the club is trying to fulfil the 72-year-old Heynckes' request for Peter Hermann to return as assistant coach.
Hermann, currently coaching at second-division club Fortuna Duesseldorf, worked with Heynckes at Bayer Leverkusen and then at Bayern when they won the Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup treble in 2013.
Hermann says the decision to leave Duesseldorf is "difficult, very difficult. But I have a bond with Jupp Heynckes and I want to do them the favour. I owe them a lot and want to give them something back."
WEDNESDAY, July 4, 2018 -- The Pap test, used for over 50 years to spot the early signs of cervical cancer, may soon become a thing of the past, new research suggests.
Its replacement? The human papillomavirus test. Nearly all cervical cancer cases are linked to HPV infection, and HPV testing detected pre-cancers earlier and more accurately than the Pap test among the 19,000 women in the Canadian study.
The HPV test also seemed better at predicting who'd stay cancer-free, the investigators found. Women whose HPV test showed they didn't have the infection were less apt to develop a pre-cancerous lesion over the next four years, compared to women who'd gotten the Pap test alone.
"All women of childbearing age should be screened for cervical cancer," said lead researcher Dr. Gina Ogilvie, a professor in the School of Population and Public Health at the University of British Columbia, in Vancouver.
Thousands of women's lives have been saved because the Pap test detected cervical cancer in its earliest stages. But the newer, more accurate HPV test may replace the Pap smear as the preferred screening test, Ogilvie said.
U.S. guidelines call for both HPV and Pap tests, but studies have shown that the real benefit comes from the HPV test, they added.
According to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, women aged 21 to 29 should have a Pap test alone every three years.
Women 30 to 65 years should have a Pap test and an HPV test every five years or a Pap test alone every three years.
A new draft guideline from the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, however, says HPV testing can replace Pap tests, Ogilvie said.
Specifically, the task force is recommending either screening every three years with a Pap test alone or every five years with an HPV test alone for women aged 29 to 65.
For women under 25, the Pap test is still the standard because many young women are infected with HPV, Ogilvie said.
Cervical cancer is very rare in younger women, and an HPV test might send many women for unnecessary treatment, they explained.
For the study, the researchers randomly assigned more than 19,000 women aged 25 and older to either Pap testing alone or HPV testing alone. After four years, nearly six women in 1,000 who had Pap tests had pre-cancerous lesions, compared with just two in 1,000 women who had HPV tests alone.
The findings were published July 3 in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
One expert expects to see the end of Pap tests in favor of HPV tests.
"Pap testing is going away," said Dr. L. Stewart Massad, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis.
This trial showed that screening with HPV testing leads to earlier diagnosis of cervical pre-cancer and picks up cases that Pap testing missed, they said.
"Look for changes to screening guidelines to favor HPV testing over Pap testing, and expect a shift to longer intervals between screens," said Massad, who wrote an editorial accompanying the study.
But Dr. Jason Wright, chief of gynecologic oncology at NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center in New York City, isn't ready to opt for HPV testing alone.
"This is one study," they said. The Pap smear has been around for 50 years, so co-testing remains a viable option, Wright said.
"But we will gradually move to more HPV testing for primary screening," they said. "It will probably be a slow process."
Women should discuss the risks and benefits of each test with their doctor, Wright said.
For more on cervical cancer screening, visit the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
The Indiana Pacers are in no better position to pull off a historic upset in this first-round playoff series with the Cleveland Cavaliers than when they awoke Sunday morning.
The Pacers had a chance to put the Cavs, at the time reeling with playoff inexperience and the crushing weight of expectations with LeBron James, squarely behind the eight ball in this series by winning Game 4.
But Indiana fell behind by a huge deficit in the first half for the second consecutive game, erased it in the third and early fourth quarters again, but couldn't sustain the momentum. Kyle Korver and James made enough plays down the stretch for the Cavs to win, 104-100, tying this series at 2-2 with Game 5 on Wednesday in Cleveland.
James has never lost a first-round series in 12 previous playoffs. Now, they have two of the next three games at home to try and keep their streak alive.
"I think just tying the series up and coming back home is something we feel good about," said Kevin Love, who like every other Cav not named James has mostly struggled in this series. "We feel like it's a best-of-three type series and at the end of the day, if it comes to it, we have two games at home. We like our advantage and we're going to use that to our advantage (Wednesday) night."
The Pacers trailed by 17 at halftime of Game 3 but steamrolled the Cavs in the second half and pulled out a 92-90 win behind 30 points from Bojan Bogdanovic, a playoff career high. They were down 10 through two quarters in Game 4 but fought back and were ahead 93-91 with 3:49 remaining before Korver connected on two deep 3s.
Indiana won Game 1 behind a playoff career-high 32 points from Victor Oladipo, who has struggled since (19-of-53 shooting in the last three games). Domantas Sabonis played a big role in the Pacers' comeback Sunday, scoring a playoff career-best 19 off the bench.
The Pacers are getting the best night of someone's playoff career almost each game of this series, and it's been good enough for two wins. Then again, the Cavs' two wins were by a combined seven points, and outside of James (32.5 ppg this series) almost no one is scoring.
Love is the next closest at 12.0 points in this series and JR Smith is third with 10.0 points.
"We're not losing confidence," point guard Darren Collison said, according to the Indianapolis Star. "This team is the defending Eastern Conference champions. Whatever you want to say about them, this is a very good team. They've been through a lot over the last few years. We're fine. There's no need to overreact or panic. We're going to go into their building and we're going to give the same effort."
The Cavaliers say point guard George Hill (back spasms) is questionable to play in Game 5. They missed Game 4 with the same injury -- four injections before the game were not enough to ease the pain to the point where they could play.
Jose Calderon started for Hill on Sunday and scored five points in 19 minutes. The Cavs are 24-9 this year (regular season and playoffs) when Calderon starts.
Hill is the only player on either team listed on the injury report. But Love suffered an injury to their left thumb in Game 1 and it's affected him. He's shooting 17-of-47 in the series with 11 turnovers. Catching and gripping the ball have been obvious problems.
"I've been able to get up a lot of shots," Love said. "I think initially it was painful and in the few days that followed, but now it's kind of subsided and I'm just getting my feel back in my left thumb."
The Nodaway-Holt R-VII School Board approved a ballot question for the upcoming April election during its regular meeting January 17.
The resolution asks voters to continue the district's operating tax rate ceiling of $4.2898 per $100 of assessed valuation. The money generated would pay for improvements to the school including adding a new wing to the high school complete with seven classrooms and an administrative office area.
The school board approved a special meeting on January 31 to look at potential architect firms to design the new addition.
Fourth grade teacher Megan Frueh gave the board an update on their Project Lead The Way classroom.
Debbie Miller gave the board an update on their classroom.
Gina Ripley, Holt County Extension office, is providing weekly food and nutrition lessons for elementary students.
High School Principal Sean Emerson reported the following:
•All the juniors are enrolled in ACT prep classes.
•Hot breakfast is now served at the high school two days a week.
•Courtwarming will be Friday, February 9.
The resignation of Trevor White was accepted.
It was approved to hire Taylor Miles as an elementary special education teacher.
The board extended Superintendent Jeff Blackford's contract for two years.
Police have confirmed a stabbing incident near the Cayman Airways headquarters in George Town this afternoon (3 July.)
The RCIPS, in a brief statement a short while ago, said officers responded to the report of the violent incident on Roberts Drive. Police say it appears that the persons involved in the incident were known to each other. A male victim was transported to the Cayman Islands Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. A Cayman Airways official said the incident happened at 5 p.m. Investigations are continuing.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Babies are expensive – for women more than for men. The combination of maternity leave and childcare responsibilities, the burden of which, fairly or not, tends to fall on the mother, makes the career ladder dangerously greasy. A study by the Institute for Fiscal Studies showed that while the difference in wages between men and women was a mere crack in their 20s, it widened to a chasm in their 30s. Twelve years after their first child was born, British women are paid on average 33% less than men of the same age.
But while women may feel powerless to change childcare policy and entrenched social norms, they might be able to boost their earnings by waiting to conceive until they are more established in their careers. A Danish study published in 2016 found that although all mothers experienced a short-term loss in earnings when they had a child, women who were 31 or older when they had their first baby had a higher lifetime income than women who had a baby before the age of 31. In fact, the study concluded that women who waited until 31 to have a child earned more over their entire careers than women without children.
The study's authors suggest that older women, who tend to be more highly skilled, are harder to replace in the workplace – so companies may bend over backwards to support them. Older women may also be more attached to their careers, and less willing to give them up. And they tend to earn more so are better placed financially to offload their children on other people during the day.
Yet according to this study, there's not much to be gained financially from delaying having children until after the age of 34. College-educated women who have their first child between the ages of 31 and 34 earn on average 13% more than women without children. However, women who have their first child between the ages of 34 and 37 earn only 2% more than women without children.
So, setting aside a couple of caveats – the researchers looked only at women with one child, and Denmark has generous childcare policies – the study implies that the best time, career-wise, to have your first child is between the ages of 31 and 34. Having a child before the age of 25 is particularly impoverishing: the study found that it reduces lifetime income by two years' worth of earnings. The reason, the researchers suggest, is that people's earnings these days are determined largely by their human capital, which accumulates at a higher rate when people are younger. So taking time off work in your 20s will have a bigger impact on earnings than taking time off in your 30s. That chimes with the researchers' finding that college-educated women suffer the biggest disadvantage: they have the highest potential earnings, so their incomes are hit the hardest by taking time off to have a baby in their 20s.
Given that female fertility is already declining by the age of 30 and the risk of conceiving a child with Down's syndrome is rising, 31-34 seems the optimal age for a woman to produce their first child. But they should also consider the age of their partner. A recent study by Harvard Medical School found that there was a 62% drop in sperm supply between men in their early 30s and those in their early 40s, making conception harder. The reasons for the drop are not yet known, but it does suggest the pulling power of sugar daddies may be on the wane.
A Monday morning house fire in east Topeka is under investigation and authorities are trying to locate the woman who lives in the home.
Topeka Fire Department Shift Commander Eric Bauer says the fire in the 300 block of SE Liberty was reported shortly after 9 a.m. Monday.
Bauer says a person walking in the area called 911 after seeing the house go up in flames.
The person also reported hearing someone screaming, but could not tell if the screams were coming from inside the home or from children who were playing outside at the time.
Crews arrived at the scene to find the single-story home fully engulfed in flames, with fire coming through several windows on the front and side of the house.
Over concerns someone was trapped in the fire, crews entered and searched the still-burning home, but did not find anyone inside.
Crews were told by neighbors that there is a woman living at the house.
Bauer says dispatchers have made several phone calls in an attempt to locate the resident. As of late Monday morning, authorities are still trying to track them down.
Investigators with the Kansas Fire Marshal's Office and Topeka Fire Department were called to investigate the cause of the fire.
Bauer says K-9 units were searching the home for accelerants in order to determine whether the blaze may have been intentionally set.
No firefighters were injured while battling the blaze.
ADVERTISEMENT
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May just called a snap election. Most often, prime ministers call new elections to break some political crisis and do a sort of referendum on whatever issue has been holding up Parliament. But sometimes, a prime minister will do it just because they're very popular and they want to "lock in" that popularity and increase their majority and term in office. Margaret Thatcher did just this after the Falklands War. Under Britain's latest constitutional reform, calling a new election now requires a two-thirds majority in Parliament, but even so, it seems likely that May will get them wish. The current Parliament was elected in 2015 and its five-year term runs until 2020; if Theresa May wins the election, they will have a term until 2022.
Many commentators have been urging May to call a snap election. The political calculus is quite simple: May is popular. Meanwhile, the opposition Labour Party's far-left leader, Jeremy Corbyn, while quite popular with their core hardline constituency, is unpopular in the country at large and widely regarded as hapless. The latest polls give May's Conservative Party a 21-point lead over Labour.
What's more, May never won a general election in their own name: They became prime minister after an intra-party contest within the Conservative Party after their predecessor David Cameron resigned in the wake of the Brexit vote. Winning a general election as leader of the Conservative Party would increase their democratic legitimacy and stature.
Extending the current majority's term would also allow May to negotiate Brexit with a clearer mind. The clock is ticking: The U.K. now has two years to leave the European Union. With a five-year term ahead of her, May could negotiate with Brussels without worrying that whatever happens after the deadline will be judged in an upcoming election. Right now, all of British political life is consumed by Brexit. It is the only item on Parliament's agenda and in the news. May — who opposed Brexit, if sheepishly — probably wants to be remembered for something other than Brexit and to make some policy on their own terms.
And for these reasons — increasing their democratic legitimacy and extending their time in office — winning a snap election would strengthen May's hand in their negotiations with Brussels.
Thus far, May has handled the extremely complicated and tricky Brexit process about as well as anyone could hope. They have shown a very strong political sense, understanding where the mood of their country stands, and trying to redefine liberal conservatism for this populist age of the West. She's exceeded my expectations of them as prime minister.
At the same time, even when you're 20 points ahead in the polls, calling a snap election is always a gamble. Electorates are fickle, and there's always the risk you might end up felled by your own sword. Theresa May is typically a careful politician. But here, she's taken the right gamble. Kudos to them
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Villanova-Temple Box
NO. 22 VILLANOVA 69, TEMPLE 65
VILLANOVA (9-0)
Tucker 4-10 0-0 10, Quinn 3-8 4-4 12, Hahn 7-14 3-4 19, Jekot 0-6 1-2 1, Louin 6-9 1-2 15, Gedaka 3-8 1-1 7, Herlihy 2-8 0-0 5, Stant 0-0 0-0 0, Totals 25-63 10-13 69.
TEMPLE (7-3)
Davis 6-14 1-1 13, Atkinson 9-24 5-5 24, Berger 2-6 0-0 6, Mayo 3-7 0-0 7, Perry 1-7 1-4 3, Niang 1-8 2-2 4, Atkinson 0-0 0-0 0, Reynolds 3-5 2-4 8, Totals 25-71 11-16 65.
Villanova 13 14 19 23 —69 Temple 17 8 19 21 —65
3-Point Goals_Villanova 9-25 (Tucker 2-6, Quinn 2-4, Hahn 2-7, Jekot 0-1, Louin 2-3, Herlihy 1-4), Temple 4-20 (Davis 0-1, Atkinson 1-3, Berger 2-3, Mayo 1-3, Perry 0-3, Niang 0-6, Reynolds 0-1). Assists_Villanova 12 (Hahn 4), Temple 9 (Berger 3). Fouled Out_Temple Reynolds. Rebounds_Villanova 37 (Quinn 6), Temple 49 (Atkinson 18). Total Fouls_Villanova 11, Temple 15. A_1,184.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Dallas police confirm that two officers were shot at a Home Depot in Northeast Dallas.
It happened at the store near US 75 and Forest Lane.
Both officers are in critical condition.
Police also say a civilian was shot, but they don't know that person's condition.
Officers are searching for a gunman who ran from the store.
We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
Officers from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are also on the way to the scene.
BREAKING: ATF is responding to the scene of a officer involved shooting at Home Depot in North Dallas, Texas. pic.twitter.com/inpxJQkncd — ATF HQ (@ATFHQ) April 24, 2018
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings tweeted that he's praying for the officers and their families.
We are closely monitoring the situation in northeast Dallas and praying for our officers and their families. @DallasPD — Mike Rawlings (@Mike_Rawlings) April 24, 2018
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new Wickes Building Supplies store has opened in Newmarket.
The DIY chain's latest site on Willie Snaith Road is bringing 30 jobs to the local area.
(Image: David Johnson Photographic)
The 20,000 sq ft site welcomed customers for the first time today (May 30).
Home improvement enthusiasts will be able to visit a 5,000 sq ft mezzanine for the kitchen and bathroom ranges and a similar sized outdoor area for building and garden equipment.
(Image: David Johnson Photographic)
Design consultants will be available for advice on changes to kitchens and bathrooms.
A time-limited 15 per cent discount on all purchases is available for customers visiting the store and spending £5 or more between Friday, June 8 to Sunday, June 10.
During this special launch weekend store visitors will be able to meet the iconic Dulux dog on Saturday, June 9, from 12-4pm.
There will be a face painter in store on Saturday and Sunday, 10am- 4pm.
(Image: David Johnson Photographic)
The new store will be open Monday to Saturday, 7am-8pm and on Sundays 10am-4pm.
See here for more information.
Best bet: THADDEUS (8)
Best value: TAOISEACH (6)
FIRST: J J's Dreaming compiled tight work tab for first dirt start; primed for breakthrough in weak opener. Givetheman a Cigar has finished second in last two starts; continues trend? Battle of Saratoga made solid late rally in debut and added furlong could play to strength.
SECOND: Schott was pace and position compromised last time and owns faster back figures; call based on price. Micozzi is riding a forward line on internal and final numbers; very dangerous in third start of form cycle. Shoot the Gap makes first start since claimed and can contend on “A” game.
THIRD: Home Run Maker owns sprinter's speed and could capitalize on soft lead in first two-turn start. Marconi logged solid late-pace figure when making debut at 9-furlong distance last time; could easily take this. Lonely Weekend runs late and could be in the garden spot if pace meltdown ensues.
FOURTH: Asiliveandbreathe makes first start for Michelle Nevin barn after besting a next-out winner when second at Finger Lakes last time; more to come. Simona was a much-improved third in last; developing and dangerous. Midnight Disguise debuts for Linda Rice; follow the money.
FIFTH: Passporttovictory owns speed, adds blinkers and could get the early jump with aggressive ride. Thirst for Truth packs potent late kick and could be the prime beneficiary if top selection hits the wall in the lane. Jump for Joy is fleet-footed and training with a purpose; must be factored into the mix.
SIXTH: Taoiseach is a Big A lover (two wins, one second and two thirds from five starts) and was an even third in first start since three-month layoff last out; primed for forward move. Charming Indy has tallied swift late-pace figures when winning three in a row at Finger Lakes; very playable. Clowney chased swift fractions when a dominant winner last time at Parx; right in the thick of this.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
SEVENTH: Alabama Bound makes first dirt start after hard-charging victory on Big A sod last time; transfers razor-sharp form at a price. Zealous Scholar is speedy and firing bullets for first start since July; big-time, front-end threat. Unrepented makes first start for Robertino Diodoro and owns two wins from three starts at Aqueduct; worth long look.
EIGHTH: Thaddeus is fleet-footed and projects as the main speed in first start since claimed by Mike Maker. Deep Sea makes first start for Jason Servis and owns fast figures on best efforts; very dangerous. Scatoga tallied swift late-pace figure when a determined winner last time at Finger Lakes; price will be tempting. Rossie Val is fresh and owns competitive figures on “A” game.
I had the opportunity to meet and chat with North Dakota Rep. Kevin Cramer at a fundraiser this past Friday morning in Minneapolis. Rep. Cramer serves in Congress as North Dakota's at-large representative. With President Trump's support and at their urging, they are running against Democratic incumbent Senator Heidi Heitkamp in the election this November. Not having heard Rep. Cramer speak before, I was extremely impressed.  They are personable.  They are ebullient.  They are smart.  They are conservative. I think they are a tremendous candidate.
Having been elected to Congress along with Heitkamp in 2012, Rep. Cramer has compiled a record that stacks up favorably against hers. Indeed, they are already exerting a chilling effect on them
On April 18 last week, Rep. Cramer issued a statement supporting the confirmation of Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State. Their press release stated: “While working with Mike on the Energy and Commerce Committee, I witnessed their expert questioning and understanding on diverse policy matters. I am confident they are qualified to uphold this position with their experience in the House, leading the CIA, graduation from Harvard Law, and Military service just to name a few. Mike has earned a swift confirmation by the Senate, and I wish I could vote for him.”
On April 19 the Hill reported “Heitkamp becomes first Dem to back Pompeo for secretary of State” (“virtually guaranteeing that they will win confirmation”).
See what I mean? Thank you, Rep. Cramer.
The great state of North Dakota should not be represented in the Senate by phony Heidi Heitkamp. (Query: is that the correct nickname?) Trump carried the state in 2016 with 63 percent of the vote. Hillary Clinton couldn't crack 30 percent.
I asked Rep. Cramer on Friday if it wasn't apparent that Heitkamp pretends to be an independent sort of Democrat but votes a strict party line when their vote matters. In response to my question they gave me a case study. It's a case study that they will probably find of use on the campaign trail this fall.
The case involves the 2017 Congressional Review Act resolution to repeal the Obama administration's methane rule. The methane rule is intended adversely to affect North Dakota's interest in the development of its oil and gas resources. Energy development is of course critical to the state's incredibly successful economy.
Heitkamp proclaimed themselves undecided on the CRA resolution to repeal the rule. They were alone among the state's top elected officials in mulling it over as the vote approached. All other North Dakota officials supported repeal. The Democrats and their left-wing environmental activist base opposed it. On this point see the February 2018 account by Michael Sandoval at Western Wire. Sandoval put it this way: “Heitkamp's fence-sitting prov[ed] a head-scratcher for political observers in the state.”
Heitkamp had to wait to see if their vote was needed by the Democrats. When John McCain joined Lindsey Graham and Susan Collins to vote against repeal, it turned out that it was. Heitkamp was then able to make up their mind. Them mind belongs to the Democrats. Heitkamp became the fifty-first and deciding vote against repeal. The Washington Post more or less nails this part of the story in its recap of the vote.
There is much more to be said about this race. I'm sure we will have an occasion or two to return to it in due course.
AUBURN, Ala. – Jarrett Stidham got the good news Monday morning when Auburn coach Gus Malzahn summoned them to their office.
“Obviously, this is a big day for me,” said Stidham after their first practice since being named Auburn's starting quarterback. “I'm very blessed to be in this position. I'm fired up. It's been a good day.
“Now it's just time to lock in and go to work and get ready for Georgia Southern here in a few weeks and get ready for the season.”
Stidham called their family in Texas after being learning he'd won the job.
“They were all really, really excited,” Stidham said. “We've been hoping and praying for this day. Sure enough, it came.”
Stidham won the job on the strength of their leadership, ability and work ethic, Malzahn said.
“He's earned that,” Malzahn said. “He's performed very well the last two weeks. They performed very well in the spring, too. We're excited about that. I know the team's excited about that when we announced it. They had a different step out there in practice today.
“Sean White is our No. 2 quarterback. Sean White is a guy we have a lot of confidence in, obviously has won games, has performed extremely well, at a high level, in this league when he's been healthy. The quarterback depth right now is very high.”
The offensive MVP of Auburn's A-Day game, Stidham returns to college football after sitting out last season while attending junior college.
“I haven't played since Nov. 21 of 2015,” said Stidham, recalling their first-year student season at Baylor. “I know exactly when my last snap was. I'm itching to get back out there.”
Stidham's emergence gives Auburn the prospect of a vertical passing to complement the SEC's top returning rushing duo of Kamryn Pettway and Kerryon Johnson.
“He's got an extremely strong arm,” Malzahn said. “He's got a lot of skills that could be a very good quarterback. He's really impressed Coach Lindsey, myself and their teammates.”
“I really love the game of football,” Stidham said. “It's a big part of my life. I just like to have fun with it, because at the end of the day, you're playing because you love it and you want to have fun with it.
“Being the leader of a team, you've got to have that high energy because they feed off of what the quarterback is doing at all times. I never can get too high or too low. I always need to stay balanced and always keep the same energy, positivity throughout the team.”
Along with the position comes the status as the face of the program, something Stidham accepts but seeks to manage.
“I've got tunnel vision from here on out,” Stidham said. “I've got one goal in mind and that's to help this team in every single way that I can. It comes with the territory, but like I said, I've just got to have tunnel vision and just stay locked in to what I'm supposed to do, on and off the field, and be accountable.”
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) - A female body has been recovered from the rubble of a building collapse in Kenya's capital as search and rescue work has been called off, an official said Sunday.
Nairobi's police chief Joseph ole Tito said the operation had been completed in the debris of the four-story guest house that collapsed Saturday morning in Ruai area on the outskirts of the capital.
Joseph Gichangi, the area police chief, said receipts showed two couples checking into the guest house but leaving before the collapse.
Building collapses have become common in Nairobi, where 4 million people live in low-income areas or slums. Housing is in high demand and unscrupulous developers often bypass regulations.
After eight buildings collapsed and killed 15 people in Kenya in 2015, President Uhuru Kenyatta ordered an audit of all the country's buildings to see if they were up to standard. The National Construction Authority found 58 percent of buildings in Nairobi were unfit for habitation.
In 2016, a building collapse in another low-income area killed 37 people and injured 70. The rescue work took days, and a baby and a pregnant woman were among those pulled to safety.
___
This version corrects the sex of the body recovered to female.
Ron Baker couldn't help but smile as they stood in front of their locker Sunday night. The Knicks guard was tired and sore and happier than he's been in a long time.
It hasn't been an easy season for Baker, who has been fighting ankle and shoulder injuries. Still, despite accumulating 18 DNPs and a few trips down to the G League with the Westchester Knicks, Baker was more than ready when Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek called on them to play major minutes in the Knicks' 111-107 win over Atlanta Sunday at Madison Square Garden.
Baker played a season-high 31 minutes, scoring nine points and adding four assists and two steals. And they could see more time in the near future as starting shooting guard Tim Hardaway is out for at least another week with a stress injury in their lower left leg.
“The last two games the coach has told me, ‘Hey, be active and be ready to go,' ” Baker said. “We want to have an extra ballhandler out there tonight. They said make sure you check personnel and be ready to go, which is kind of the tip he's given me.”
Baker's teammates were inspired by their performance, especially considering it was the first time since very early in the season they had been called upon to play meaningful minutes. Baker played all but 1:12 of the fourth quarter in a game that wasn't decided until the final minute.
“I look at a person like Ron Baker right now. They haven't played in a nice little time,” said point guard Jarrett Jack, who scored a season-high 19 points on Sunday. “Every day I see Ron working. I see them practicing hard. I see them getting extra shots. I see them getting extra sprints when everybody is kind of getting ready to kind of end practice and go about their day.
“Coach called their name. I'm not sure if Coach kind of let them know that they were going to get put in the rotation, but Coach called their name and Ron came in and was a tremendous lift for us. Defensively, made a couple of plays. On offense, winning plays. I think they add a grittiness and a toughness to our ballclub and I was proud of them tonight.”
Baker played 52 games in their rookie season and was rewarded with a two-year deal that will pay them $4.3 million this year and $4.5 million the next. In the wake of that, dealing with the injuries and DNPs hasn't been easy. That's why, even though they were sore, they had an ear-to-ear smile Sunday night.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Said Baker: “I'm a little tired, I got an ice tub in. Obviously it feels good to win. Obviously, it feels good to win. You can contribute when you're not on the court. But when you're on the court, [winning] feels even better.”
WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump has officially appointed Lieutenant General Austin Scott Miller as commander of the US-led occupying forces in Afghanistan.
The announcement was made in a press release by the US Defense Department, Press TV reported Wednesday.
“Secretary of Defense James N. Mattis has announced that the president has made the following nomination … Army Lt. Gen. Austin S. Miller for appointment to the grade of general, and assignment as commander, Resolute Support Mission, North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and commander, US Forces-Afghanistan,” the release said.
The Pentagon announced that Miller would replace General John Nicholson, who has been in charge of the US military intervention in Afghanistan since March 2016.
Nicholson said in November last year that the fight in Afghanistan was “still in a stalemate.”
The United States — under Republican George W. Bush's presidency — and its allies invaded Afghanistan on October 7, 2001 as part of Washington's so-called war on terror. The offensive removed the Taliban regime from power, but after more than 16 years, the foreign troops are still deployed to the country.
After becoming the president in 2008, President Barack Obama, a Democrat, vowed to end the Afghan war — one of the longest conflicts in US history – but they failed to keep their promise.
Trump, who has spoken against the Afghan war, has dubbed the 2001 invasion and following occupation of Afghanistan as “Obama's war”. But they have also announced to deploy thousands of more troops to the war-torn country, signaling a policy shift.
Back in 2014, the US-led occupying forces in Afghanistan officially announced the end of their combat operations in the country, saying they now had a mission to “train, advise, and assist” Afghan troops.
However, the Trump administration last year permitted the deployment of an additional 3,000 troops to Afghanistan, where the US already has 11,000 forces.—NNI
Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! famed actor Manjot Singh, excited about their upcoming film Fukrey Returns“, says the Hindi film industry is changing its attitude towards actors with a turban and that the acceptance of Diljit Dosanjh is a prime example.
They were 16 when they featured in Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! in 2008 and received a Filmfare Critics Award for the Best Actor category for it. In a chat with IANS here, Manjot spoke about how their dreams coming true slowly but surely.
Asked if they feel the pressure of having limited roles in the Hindi film industry because they wear a turban, Manjot told IANS, “No, not really, because I can see how things are changing. For instance, Diljit paaji is opening the door for us with films like Udta Punjab and Phillauri.
“People loved them everywhere. So I know, even I will get my share of opportunity, and no, I did not think of cutting my hair or removing my turban for a role.”
Having made their debut in 2008 with a Dibakar Banerjee film, Manjot has worked with filmmakers like Vikramaditya Motwane, Anurag Kashyap, Karan Johar and Tony D'Souza for films like Udaan, Student Of The Year and Azhar, apart from Fukrey that won them appreciation from the audience.
Reflecting upon it, they said, “When I started acting in films, I made a wish list of being associated with a film that will become such a big hit that producers will make a sequel of that. With Fukrey, Babaji ne meri sun liya (God heard me). I am so fortunate.”
Trending :
They have a new wish.
“I know I am young and have a long way to go, but I am a huge Diljit Dosanjh fan and I so wish to work with Diljit paaji.”
Asked if their success and a long list of fan followers made any change in their personality, Manjot said: “No, I am to an extent like Lali (his character's name from ‘Fukrey‘). I am still the simple and to an extent an innocent guy. Perhaps that is why I can relate with Lali so much and play them on screen easily.
“But yes, now I have grown up and changes have come not only on my face but also in personality. I was a shy child and very introvert as you know, but now I am better… At least I talk if not start the conversation. Earlier, I used to observe and listen. I am in a learning process.”
As an actor, Manjot wants to experiment with more shades of different characters and they will soon be doing one of such films.
“I personally believe that I can play a serious role, but people mostly offer me comedy. Last year, I did a film with Abhay (Deol) sir. I hope that releases soon. I have played a very different character from all my previous work. The working title of the film is ‘Situation Normal All Fucked Up (SNAFU)' where I am playing a different character and the director told me why others have not explored the actor side in me.
“I just hope the film releases and people get to watch me like that,” said Manjot.
Fukrey Returns will release on December 8.
MIGRATING birds closed a runway at Panama's Tocumen International Airport for over an hour on Monday, August 14. Copa Airlines was forced to divert 25 flights during the closure from 9.50 a.m. to 11.10 a.m.
The flights were affected on the South-West runway, used by Copa.
Of the 25 flights, 21 were diverted to Panama-Pacific airport, three went to Barranquilla, and one to David airport, Chiriquí.
Operations were normalized in the afternoon, however, the entire flight schedule was delayed,
Earlier, the director of the Civil Aeronautical Authority, Alfredo Fonseca Mora, reported that there was an incident in which a bird hit an incoming aeroplane from an unamed airline, but did not cause damage and the plane landed safely.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Summer is the perfect time to pitch up a tent and explore the great outdoors.
Be it for a camping holiday, music festival or just to have fun in the garden, they're simple and affordable.
Below we've teamed up with Halfords to share some of their best tent deals for summer 2018.
Under £20
Halfords 2 Person Dome Tent (Now £12, was £30. Save £18)
This tent only costs £12 (save £18), so it's an absolute bargain. It only takes about 10 minutes to pitch and it will sleep two people, keeping them nice and dry thanks to its 1500mm hydrostatic head rating.
Halfords 2 Person XL Dome Tent With Porch - (Now £18, was £50. Save £32)
That's right, a tent with a porch for £18 (save £32). This makes it ideal for festivals, since you'll have extra space for storing those muddy wellies.
The dome design has a single skin, making pitching really easy so you have more time to spend enjoying the fun.
Halfords 2 Person Pop Up Tent (£20, was £50. Save £30)
If you simply can't wait to get stuck into the festivities, the speediest option is to go with a pop-up tent. These deploy pretty much immediately and simply need their guylines to be secured before you're ready.
This one is finished in a smart blue and will keep you dry in light to medium rain with no problem. And it also comes with a carry bag, so you'll be able to stow it easily when you're ready to pack up.
Under £50
Halfords Guaranteed Sun Tent (Now £32, was £80. Save £48)
This tent promises that even in the rain it will provide sun. How? With its specially designed hydrophobic and hydrophilic materials, it detects rain and produces a beautiful sun pattern to cheer everyone around you.
Under £100
If you are looking for something a bit bigger but still affordable, the Urban Escape 4 Man Quick - Up Dome Tent , £60 (was £150, save £90) is a great choice.
It's ideal for festivals, since it takes just 10 minutes to pitch thanks to its integrated poles.
When the fun's over and you need to pack up, it also has an oversized bag to make life easier.
And just in case the weather isn't kind, this tent also is suitable in heavy rain and has a double skin to help prevent condensation.
Halfords 6-Man Family Tunnel Tent , £90 (was £200, save £110)
Need space for the whole family? The Halfords 6-Man Family Tunnel Tent , £90 (was £200, save £110) is full walk-in height throughout with a large living area big enough for a table and chairs.
Halfords the largest tent ensures you will get a good night's sleep thanks to the double skin design with additional side and roof ventilation.
Under £200
Urban Escape 4 Man Tunnel Tent , £125 (was £300, save £175)
The Urban Escape 4 Man Tunnel Tent , £125, is designed for those who regularly go camping. Whether your on holiday with friends or family you can enjoy your own space with this spacious tent, it has two rooms giving space and privacy.
The colour coded poles make pitching easy and quick. Once all set up enjoy the added feature of cable access to keep all your gadgets charged and ready to use.
Urban Escape 6 Man Vis A Vis Tent (Now £150, was £350. Save £200)
Colour coded poles make this tent super simple to erect, and there are high-visibility guylines to make sure people don't trip over and collapse the tent. This makes it ideal for a busier campsite or a festival field.
Under £300
Urban Escape 4 Man Inflatable Tent , £275 (was £600, save £325)
Designed for easy pitching in a matter of minutes, inflatable tents - which have inflatable beams rather than fibreglass poles - are becoming more and more popular.
The Urban Escape 4 Man Inflatable Tent , £275, is a vast and spacious tent. It has 2 bedrooms giving plenty of space for you to enjoy your trip away.
Lets not forget that quick pitch time only taking 15 minutes, due to its inflatable beams and included pump, leaving you to enjoy your trip away in no time at all.
It's suitable in heavy rain and has double skin to help prevent form condensation.
Under £400
Urban Escape 6 Man Inflatable Tent (Now £375, was £800. Save £425)
Just because you're at a festival or on a camping trip, it doesn't mean you have to completely do away with your home comforts.
The Urban Escape 6 Man Inflatable Tent , £375, lets you camp in style, with up to three bedrooms (you can split one in half, giving you more rooms), a living room and enough height to stand in.
With this tent reduced to £375, a saving of £425, glamping just got more affordable.
Take this to a festival and people will flock to your afternoon tea parties and late night jam sessions.
Before you set off...
Make sure your camping trip goes smoothly with these quick tips.
Have a trial run in the back garden if you can, so that you feel confident putting your tent up, taking it down again and packing it away. You'll be glad you did, especially if it rains!
If you aren't buying a new tent, check you have enough tent pegs - it's worth stocking up if you're not sure how many you need.
Not sure which tent best meets your needs? Halfords Tent Selector can help match you to your perfect product.
First time festival-goer? Check out Halfords Festival Essentials and everyone will think you're a seasoned expert.
Happy camping!
Make sure you are Really Ready For Summer with Halfords. Visit www.halfords.com or go in-store for full details on all offers and services. Prices correct at time of publication. Offers end August 5.
April 12 Hitachi Capital Corp :
* Says it plans to issue 65th series unsecured corporate bonds worth 15 billion yen, with coupon rate of 0.15 percent and maturity date on April 20, 2022
* Says subscription date on April 12 and payment date on April 18
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/uaxYki
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Warning: The following contains spoilers from Monday's episode of The Good Doctor. Looking for our recap? Click here.
What. Just. Happened?
The Good Doctor promised “one shocking ending” on Monday, and it delivered in the form of a cliffhanger involving Richard Schiff's Dr. Aaron Glassman.
As detailed at length in our recap (which you can read here), the hospital honcho was out to dinner with new gal pal Debbi when a medical emergency occurred. It all went down when they asked for the check.
“We'll just take the doorstop,” Glassman said, before laughing at what they assumed was an accidental flub. Unfortunately, it wasn't the result of first date jitters or alcohol. It happened a second time, and the doctor grew anxious. Suddenly, none of their words made sense, and they pointed towards their head to indicate that something was hindering their speech. Debbi urged the waiter to call an ambulance, and the episode drew to a close.
What followed was a heart-wrenching promo for the Season 1 finale (airing next Monday, March 26 at 10/9c on ABC) that revealed not only has Glassman been diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer, but that he's — gulp! — dying. They tell Shaun about the grim prognosis, but the medical marvel is unwilling to accept it: “I love you,” they say. “You're going to live.”
Press PLAY on the video above to watch (or rewatch) the teaser, then hit the comments and tell us if you think Glassman's days are numbered.
MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS, Wyo. (AP) — A 21-year-old North Carolina man suffered severe burns after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Park officials say Gervais Dylan Gatete of Raleigh, an employee of park concessionaire Xanterra Parks and Resorts, fell into a hot spring in the Lower Geyser Basin just north of Old Faithful late Tuesday.
Gatete was with seven other people when they fell. The group flagged down a ranger, Gatete was taken by ambulance to the airport in West Yellowstone, Montana, and they were flown a Salt Lake City burn hospital.
Park spokesperson Morgan Warthin says the incident is still under investigation. They did not know Gatete's medical condition.
Advertisement
This is the first serious injury in a thermal area in Yellowstone this year. Last June, a man left the boardwalk and died after falling into a hot spring in the Norris Geyser Basin.
Why to Smile With a Millennial on National Selfie Day
June 15th, 2017 by Monica Sanchez
By Monica Sanchez
Smile big and say cheese with a Millennial on June 21 for National Selfie Day. Selfies aren't the downfall of society. Not smiling enough is!
As much as we roll our eyes at Millennials holding their phones high for a selfie in an effort to obliterate the likely possibility of the oncoming apocalypse, Millennials may actually be benefiting from all that excessive selfie-taking.
Improved Health & Lifestyle
Millennials seem to have accumulated some untapped knowledge that their cranky old grandfathers must have missed in between blasting CNN to a – still inaudible – deafening roar and checking their blood pressure.
Smiling is good for you: body and mind.
According to Dr. Mark Stibich, there are actually ten health and lifestyle benefits to smiling: “Smiling makes us attractive…relieves stress…elevates our mood…is contagious…boosts your immune system…lowers your blood pressure…makes us feel good…makes you look younger…makes you seem successful…[and] helps you stay positive” (Very Well).
The act of smiling, even faking it, can drastically improve your health and overall well-being. Activate all the benefits of smiling by jumping in a selfie with a Millennial on June 21, or better yet, photobombing with a killer troll grin.
Uniting a Nation Divided
June 21, National Selfie Day, is also known as the Summer Solstice. (See link for exact Summer Solstice times based on region.) While people in Sweden “celebrate the Summer Solstice by eating the first strawberries of the season,” Americans will celebrate by attempting to post the cutest or most bizarre selfie of their lives (Almanac).
And FYI, the Summer Solstice is the longest day of the year. Yes, Millennials have diabolically selected the longest day of the year just to torture all those who despise selfies to their core.
But as much as some people would like to think that, National Selfie Day is not about posts driven by egotistical motives. It's simply a chance to connect or reconnect with people.
In light of recent events, promoting the concept of togetherness is a trend that needs to infect the minds of young and old alike. At this point, Millennials will take any excuse to adopt that concept and let it wash over the entire country in order to unite a nation that still seems to feel divided.
As a social phenomenon, National Selfie Day creates social opportunities for people that would otherwise barely exist on any other given bland day. It wouldn't be seen as completely abnormal on National Selfie Day to ask a random stranger to join in and take a selfie with you. Maybe National Selfie Day will grant opportunities for individuals to have positive conversations with people they normally would never talk to, thus leading to the path of emotional healing for many who were deeply affected by the recent political turmoil our nation has experienced.
Hootsuite has an article that discusses “6 Ways Social Media Helps People Help People,” in which they highlight how social media trends, such as National Selfie Day, can positively affect us. Some points they make include the facts that social media encourages “opening new lines of communication” and “sharing hope and courage” (Hootsuite).
After such division in our nation over politics and matters of social justice, let's take a deep breath and reflect on the vital importance of these necessities just mentioned. As a nation, we need to move forward in the right direction. Endless arguing between family members and friends will not fix the rift that blocks this nation from being “great again.” (If anything, that phrase created the rift.)
Of course, taking a selfie with a few people won't automatically fix the deep-rooted issues that cause this nation to remain divided, but creating small moments of positivity is a step in the right direction that might create a domino effect in future generations.
Millennials have long been benefiting from the effects of excessive selfie-taking with friends. It's a simple little pastime that brings people together. And perhaps, this togetherness that Millennials experience daily will spread throughout America and beyond as a result of National Selfie Day.
Origin of National Selfie Day
“National Selfie Day was created by DJ Rick McNeely, from Fishbowl Radio Network, in Arlington, TX on June 21, 2014.” (National Selfie Day). DJ Rick McNeely created this holiday “just to see what would happen,” but they encourage people to “be a part of what we're doing, go take a selfie, go have some fun” (National Selfie Day).
Post a Selfie!
DJ Rick can see the value of smiling for no reason. Can you?
Show Beacon Media News your Blue Steel selfie on Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter with the hashtags: #BeaconMediaNews #NationalSelfieDay
We'll vote, and tell you who's our favorite!
WASHINGTON - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate a big-money political donor and philanthropist with personal ties to the coal industry as the next U.S. ambassador to Canada.
The White House said in a statement late Wednesday that Trump has picked Kelly Knight Craft for the job, which has been vacant since January.
Bruce Heyman, the former American ambassador to Canada, left their post on Jan. 20, saying they would respect Trump's blanket mandate that required ambassadors installed by former president Barack Obama to leave by Trump's Inauguration Day.
Knight Craft's nomination still needs approval from the U.S. Senate, and insiders tell The Canadian Press that the Trump administration wants to have them confirmed quickly so they can be in place for the North American Free Trade Agreement negotiations in mid-August.
The White House's statement said Knight Craft was appointed by former president George W. Bush to serve as a United States delegate to the United Nations in 2007.  They are also involved in charitable work, including the Salvation Army of Lexington, Ky.
Knight Craft is married to American billionaire Joe Craft, who is the president and CEO of Alliance Resource Partners L.P., one of the largest coal producers in the eastern United States.
A profile by McClatchy newspapers in 2012 called them possibly Kentucky's most powerful non-elected individual. They were a critic of the Obama administration's climate policies and drove an SUV with a licence plate stamped with the slogan, "Friends of Coal."
The pair have collaborated on political fundraising and both support the University of Kentucky, Knight Craft's alma mater.
Donation records compiled by the U.S. Center For Responsive Politics show a multimillion-dollar history of political donations — Craft's Alliance Resource Management gave $2 million to Karl Rove's American Crossroads Super PAC in 2010, $250,000 in 2014, and $500,000 each to other Super PACs.
There are also donations in their own names. He's donated to at least one senator, Pat Toomey, who sits on the Senate finance committee that would be involved in NAFTA negotiations.
Knight Craft is reportedly close with Majority Senate leader Mitch McConnell. They have donated to and co-chaired fundraising efforts over the years for their home-state senator.
"Everything indicated to me that they get along well," Mac Brown, chairperson of the Republican party of Kentucky, has said of the McConnell connection.
"She's an unbelievable, very nice woman who is extraordinarily hard-working," Brown told The Canadian Press in an interview earlier this year.
The chamber McConnell presides over is expected to deal with major issues affecting Canada over the coming years, including tax reform, trade disputes and the potential renegotiation of NAFTA.
SANT'ANNA DI STAZZEMA, Italy The U.S. will stand up against anyone who commits crimes against humanity, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Monday, less than a week after Washington launched missile strikes in response to an alleged Syrian chemical attack.
"We rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world," Tillerson told reporters while commemorating a German Nazi massacre committed in Italy in 1944.
The U.S. attacked the Syrian air base in retaliation for what it said was a chemical weapons assault by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad that killed dozens of civilians, including many children.
(Reporting by Steve Scherer, editing by Crispian Balmer)
Airport Exec. Director Paul Campbell spoke to the media this morning about a suspicious package the caused an evacuation of the security checkpoint and ticketing. The incident is still under investigation. pic.twitter.com/39RZqFt4dK — CharlestonSC Airport (@iflyCHS) February 2, 2018
Charleston Airport just evacuated pic.twitter.com/OZzaUYW9hk — c a campbell (@seabrookcac) February 2, 2018
Airport operations are resuming. Expect lines as we work to get you travels under way today. Please check your flight status with your airline. Thank you for your patience. — CharlestonSC Airport (@iflyCHS) February 2, 2018
An indiscernible iPad was responsible for a two-hour flight delay and evacuation at the Charleston International Airport while the bomb squad examined the "suspicious package" Friday morning.Airport CEO Paul Campbell said that TSA staff compared the "laptop" to others when it was discovered at around 5 a.m., but it "didn't look quite right." A statement from the airport released later in the morning clarified that the item was, in fact, an iPad."It was suspicious enough, we called the EOD [Explosive Ordinance Disposal] to look at it," Campbell said in an impromptu statement to various TV channels this morning. "They came in and looked at it and said it was a suspicious device, so we took all the precautions in the world.""We moved the people 350 yards away from the device. The EMT responded, we had fire trucks on site, so everybody did a really great job this morning," Campbell said.The person who brought the item was held at the Charleston Police Department and eventually rebooked on a later flight when no threat was determined.Campbell, who is also a state senator, has been in the news recently for a DUI charge after they rear-ended a vehicle on the highway and allegedly switched seats with their wife.Airport spokesperson Charlene Gunnells said the airport resumed operations at 7 a.m."Everything's back to normal now," they saidIn an inspiring display of human resiliency, the potentially catastrophic event didn't stop this lovely couple from snapping a timely evacuation selfie.
By The Associated Press
MIDDLESBROUGH, England (AP) — Gaston Ramirez's late miss provided a timely reminder of Middlesbrough's need for attacking reinforcements in a 0-0 draw with struggling champion Leicester in the English Premier League on Monday.
The Uruguayan steered their half-volley wide from eight yards to sum up a frustrating afternoon for the hosts, who are five points above the relegation zone.
Shorn of injured pair Islam Slimani and Danny Drinkwater, as well as the suspended Jamie Vardy, Leicester should be satisfied with the point.
Leicester, which is in 14th place, missed opportunities from Leonardo Ulloa and Christian Fuchs.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
How Senglin answers those questions will ultimately determine their professional future.
"Guys like me, I'm used to taking a lot of shots in college, a lot of tough shots," Senglin said. "So we have to prove that we can make smarter decisions and take smarter shots. In a way, it's good for me. I had to take a lot of tough shots in college. I don't think it's going to be like that in the NBA."
Senglin worked out for the Jazz, Wednesday, showcasing their shooting prowess, VP of Player Personnel Walt Perrin said. And even if Senglin can't make it to the NBA as a point guard, undersized scorers are starting to become a recent trend.
Ian Clark — who got their start with the Jazz — is a prime example. Coming out of Belmont college with a buttery jump shot but few playmaking skills, Clark has become a valuable reserve as a 6-foot-2 shooting guard with the NBA champion Golden State Warriors.
Bryn Forbes is 6-foot-1. They aren't a point guard, and yet he's been able to stick with the San Antonio Spurs. Even Eddie Gill — a former Weber State great — was able to forge a career in the league as a guard who was a scorer first, playmaker second.
Why are undersized shooters becoming a thing? The easy answer is shooting. In today's NBA, the league values players who can make shots from the perimeter above all else. Secondly, point guards aren't exclusively running offenses as much. In Utah's case, forwards Gordon Hayward and Joe Ingles ran the Jazz offense this past season with as much frequency as point guards George Hill and Dante Exum. So, for Senglin, it's all about fit. While he's trying to prove they can play the point, they know it isn't a death knell if they can't. Making shots and defending the point guard position. That's what they know they have to do.
"The answer with someone like Jeremy depends on the franchise," Perrin said. "More and more, you're seeing coaches utilizing players that are small for the position. It kind of varies, but the fit is depending on the franchise. Jeremy looked good in their workout today. They shot the ball well, they competed hard and they played well defensively."
Senglin counts current Jazz player and former Weber State star Joel Bolomboy as one of their best friends. They say former Weber great and currently Portland star Damian Lillard reaches out "more than they should."
The Weber program is tight-knit. Senglin is well aware that the school is making a name for the NBA talent it produces. And Wildcats coach Randy Rahe was present at the workout, hugging Senglin and taking pictures with their former star following.
"The guys who have come before me, they've set the bar high, so I have to live up to it," Senglin said. "When I work out for these teams, they know I'm from Weber State, so they expect me to play like it. That's where hard work and confidence helps. I work out every day, so I'm just trying to get better every day."
tjones@sltrib.com
Twitter: @tribjazz
Bipartisan users, who try to bridge the echo chambers, need to pay a price for their work: They become less central in their own network, lose connections to their communities and receive fewer endorsements from other users
Bipartisan users, who try to bridge the echo chambers, need to pay a price for their work: they become less central in their own network, lose connections to their communities and receive fewer endorsements from other users.
A recent study of more than 2.7 billion tweets between 2009 and 2016 confirms that Twitter users are exposed mainly to political opinions that agree with their own. It is the largest study to characterise echo chambers by both the content in them and the networks they comprise. The findings indicate a strong correlation between biases in the content people both produce and consume. In other words, echo chambers are very real on Twitter.
'An echo chamber exists if the leaning of the content received by Twitter users is in par with the leaning of the content they share. An opinion echoes back to the user when it is being shared by others in the chamber, the social network around the user,' explains professor Aristides Gionis from Aalto University.
The study identifies three essential roles for Twitter users. Partisan users both consume and produce content with only a one-sided leaning and enjoy high appreciation measured by both network centrality and content endorsement. Gatekeepers have a central role in the formation of echo chambers because they consume content with diverse leanings but choose to produce only content with a one-sided leaning. Bipartisan users produce content with both leanings and make an effort to bridge the echo chambers, but they are less valued in their networks than their partisan counterparts.
The researchers from Aalto University, University of Helsinki and Qatar Computing Research Institute have created machine learning algorithms to predict the roles of users in several datasets. They were able to predict partisan users with nearly 80% accuracy and gatekeepers with 70% accuracy based on their tweets and network. Network centrality was measured in the underlying social network of Twitter users, and endorsement was measured in terms of the number of times a user's message is either re-posted or rated positively by other users in the network.
'Gatekeepers are a small group of users who have higher than average network centrality. However, the users that gatekeepers follow are not always connected with each other; instead, they belong to opposing sides. Finding and connecting the gatekeepers would help spread information to both sides, even though they are more challenging to identify than partisan users,' explains postdoctoral researcher Kiran Garimella, currently working at EPFL in Lausanne.
The price to pay for being bipartisan was studied for the first time on social networks. Producing content that expresses opinions aligned with both sides of a political divide has a price in terms of various aspects including network position, community connections, and content endorsement.
'In other words, the content produced by bipartisan users receives less attention - their tweets are re-posted less frequently by other users,' says professor Michael Mathioudakis from the University of Helsinki.
For all the datasets, in order to ensure that bot accounts were not included in the study, the researchers removed accounts with less than one year of activity at the time of data collection or with any abnormal features, such as suspiciously high number of connections.
'The study was aimed at understanding the interplay between the structure of echo chambers and the role of Twitter users on a scale larger than ever before,' adds Garimella.
'Our motivation was to understand how the social media users perceive the world through their Twitter feed. In future work, we are going to look more closely into different user roles and try to understand who are the users that shape online debates and how, adds Mathioudakis.
The study is presented at this year's international Web Conference (WWW2018) in Lyon, France.
###
Further Information:
Aristides Gionis
Professor
Aalto University
aristides.gionis@aalto.fi
tel. +358 50 430 1651
Twitter: @gionis
Kiran Garimella
Postdoctoral researcher
EPFL Lausanne
kiran.garimella@aalto.fi
Twitter: @gvrkiran
Michael Mathioudakis
Professor
University of Helsinki
michael.mathioudakis@helsinki.fi
Twitter: @mmathioudakis
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
LEBANON — Mahanoy Area's girls' basketball team entered this season with lofty aspirations.
The Golden Bears got off to a great start living up to them Monday night.
Megan Bisco paced a balanced attack with 14 points as Mahanoy Area went on the road and knocked off defending PIAA Class A state champion Lebanon Catholic 61-51.
The Golden Bears stormed out to a 27-13 lead after one frame as Bisco had six of their points, Jordan Karmonick tallied eight of their 11 and Madison Cavenas netted seven. Mahanoy Area held a double-digit lead the rest of the way.
Megan Babinsky finished with 13 points for the Bears, while Cavenas pulled down 11 rebounds and Abbey McGee had six points and eight assists.
MAHANOY AREA (61) — Lawrence 0 0-0 0, Babinsky 2 2 3-4 13, Abrachinsky 1 0-0 3, Bisco 5 0-0 14, Karmonick 4 0-0 11, McGee 2 2-7 6, Bernardyn 3 0-1 6, Cavenas 3 2-3 8. Totals 22 7-15 61.
LEBANON CATHOLIC (51) — Taylor 3 0-0 8, Callihan 1 0-0 2, Pierre 4 0-0 8, Hill 8 2-4 18, Turner 1 0-0 3, Shellehamer 3 0-2 7, Mars 2 1-2 5. Totals 22 3-8 51.
Mahanoy (1-0) 27 10 17 7 — 61 Leb Cath (0-1) 13 12 11 15 — 51
3-point FGs: Babinsky 2, Abrachinsky, Bisco 4, Karmonick 3, Taylor 2, Turner, Shellehamer
JV score: Mahanoy 65-29
North Schuylkill 71
Loyalsock 60
WILLIAMSPORT — Averi Jordan poured in 32 points to lead the Spartans to non-league win over the Lancers.
Sam Shinkus added 16 points for North Schuylkill and Emma Green 11. The Spartans built a 26-14 halftime advantage.
NORTH SCHUYLKILL (71) — Shinkus 6 3-4 16, Wetzel 0 0-0 0, Jordan 11 6-7 32, Guerrero 4 0-0 8, Green 3 4-6 11, Wagner 1 0-0 2, Mogish 1 0-0 2. Totals 26 14-22 71.
LOYALSOCK (60) — Cruz 0 0-0 0, McNulty 3 0-0 6, Naylen 2 0-0 4, Fox 3 2 6-8 20, Stopper 4 4-4 12, VanFleet 7 1-4 15, Gee 1 1-1 3. Totals 23 12-19 60.
NS (2-0) 13 13 22 23 — 71 Loy (0-1) 8 6 23 23 — 60
3-point FGs: Shinkus, Jordan 4, Green 1, Fox 2
JV score: Loyalsock won
Pine Grove 38
Schuylkill Valley 25
LEESPORT — Stephanie Boyer scored a game-high 13 points and Rachael Edge added 12 as the Cardinals opened their season with a non-league win over the Panthers.
Pine Grove used a full-court press to force numerous turnovers en route to a 16-4 lead after one quarter and coasted from there.
PINE GROVE (38) — Edge 6 0-0 12, Butler 1 0-0 3, Sleva 2 1-4 5, Betz 1 0-0 2, Frew 1 1-2 3, Boyer 5 3-3 13, Blough 0 0-0 0, Brown 0 0-0 0. Totals 16 5-9 38.
SCHUYLKILL VALLEY (25) — Davis 2 0-0 4, Himmelberger 2 0-1 4, Brozostek 0 4-8 4, Campbell 1 0-0 2, Rittenhouse 0 0-0 0, Cerankanski 2 2-2 7, Civil 2 0-1 4. Totals 9 6-12 25.
PG (1-0) 16 5 9 8 — 38 SV (1-2) 4 8 8 5 — 25
3-point FGs: Butler, Cerankanski
JV score: Pine Grove 25-17
Panther Valley 50
Palmerton 26
LANSFORD — Christina Dacey had a game-high 17 points, while Erika Dubosky added 14 as the Panthers opened their season with a rout of the Blue Bombers in a non-league contest.
Dubosky scored 12 of their points in the first half as Panther Valley built a 24-11 halftime lead. Dacey scored 11 of their points in the second half, knocking down three of their four 3-pointers in the game.
PALMERTON (26) — H. Guedes 1 0-0 2, B. Guedes 3 2-10 8, Hirochek 1 0-0 2, Cincilla 2 3-4 7, Leister 0 0-0 0, Frantz 1 0-0 2, Molchan 0 0-0 0, Beahm 1 0-0 2, Recher 1 1-2 3. Totals 10 6-16 26.
PANTHER VALLEY (50) — Pascoe 1 4-4 7, Dubosky 4 6-6 14, O. Dacey 0 0-0 0, Hoben 2 0-0 5, Markovich 0 0-0 0, Sheridan 0 0-0 0, C. Dacey 6 1-2 17, Filer 2 3-4 7 Jones 0 0-0 0. Totals 15 14-16 50.
Palm (0-2) 5 6 10 5 — 26 PV (1-0) 10 14 11 15 — 00
3-point FGs: Pascoe, Hoben, C. Dacey 4
JV score: Palmerton 40-21
Lehighton 56
Saucon Valley 35
HELLERTOWN — Skylynn Faust had a game-high 22 points as the Indians rolled past the Panthers in a non-league contest.
Faust scored 12 of their points in the first half and added nine more in the third as Lehighton built a 42-25 lead after three quarters.
LEHIGHTON (56) — Brown 1 0-0 3, Frey 3 2-3 8, Long 0 0-0 0, Hibbler 2 2-2 6, Blasiak 2 5-8 9, Miller 3 2-2 8, Faust 6 8-11 22, Pantella 0 0-0 0. Totals 17 19-26 56.
SAUCON VALLEY (35) — Naiburg 3 0-3 9, Williams 1 0-0 2, B. Riefenstahl 3 3-9 11, Williams 1 0-0 2, Kresohollek 2 0-0 4, Kramer 0 2-2 2, K. Riefenstahl 1 0-0 2, Frace 0 0-0 0. Totals 11 5-14 35.
Leh (2-0) 10 14 18 14 — 56 SV (1-1) 5 11 9 10 — 35
3-point FGs: Brown, Faust 2, Naiburg 3, B. Riefenstahl 2
Muhlenberg 35
Nativity 33
LAURELDALE — Madison Clarke led the Golden Girls with eight points as Nativity dropped a non-league contest to the Muhls.
Morgan Matlock added seven points for the Golden Girls, who took a 25-24 lead into the fourth quarter.
The different in the game was foul shooting. Muhlenberg was 17-of-22 from the line, while the Golden Girls were 7-for-20.
NATIVITY (33) — Matlock 2 3-4 7, Klembara 1 1-3 4, Heenan 2 1-6 5, Rushannon 2 0-1 5, Hunyara 1 0-2 2, M. Clarke 3 2-4 8, A. Clarke 1 0-0 2. Totals 12 7-20 33.
MUHLENBERG (35) — Walker 2 2-4 6, Fetter 2 3-4 7, Calverasi 0 0-0 0, Olmeda 3 3-3 11, Wilson 1 8-9 10, Martinez 0 1-2 1. Totals 8 17-22 35.
Nat (0-1) 4 10 11 8 — 33 Muhl (2-1) 7 6 11 11 — 35
3-point FGs: Klembara, Rushannon, Olmeda 2
Weatherly 56
MMI Prep 10
WEATHERLY — Weatherly opened the game on a 22-0 run and never looked back, rolling to the non-league win over visiting MMI.
Emily Zoscin scored 18 points and Lindsey Hoffman added 17 for the Lady Wreckers, who moved to 2-0 on the season.
MMI PREP (10) — Altmiller 0 3-6 3, K. Amentler 1 0-2 2, J. Amentler 1 0-2 2, Perchak 0 1-2 1, Allen 1 0-2 2, Slusser 0 0-1 0, Zola 0 0-2 0, McClellan 0 0-0 0, Braunstein 0 0-0 0. Totals 3 4-17 10.
WEATHERLY (56) — Zoscin 7 3-7 18, T. Hinkle 1 0-0 2, Hoffman 7 0-0 17, G. Hinkle 0 3-4 3, Peifer 3 0-3 6, James 4 0-0 8, Miller 1 0-0 2, Ache 0 0-0 0, Hernandez 0 0-0 0, Strauss 0 0-0 0, Barnes 0 0-0 0. Totals 23 6-14 56.
MMI (0-1) 2 4 2 3 — 10 Wea (2-0) 22 15 14 5 — 56
3-point FGs: Hoffman 3, Zoscin.
JV score: No game.
Williams Valley 55
Halifax 19
HALIFAX — Mya Achenbach tallied 15 points and seven steals as the Vikings rolled to a non-league win over the Wildcats.
Elyssa Yeagley added 13 points for Williams Valley, which led 14-3 after one frame and 34-7 at halftime.
Holly Long led Halifax (0-3) with 10 points. A complete boxscore was not available.
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi will inaugurate Golen Gol Hydropower project in District Chitral today.
First unit of the project of 36-megawatt capacity is exclusively meant to provide electricity to Chitral town and adjacent areas.
This quantum of electricity is three times more than the present requirements of Chitral and will also cater future demand.
Golen Gol hydropower project will usher in a new era of progress and prosperity in Chitral besides stabilizing the national economy by providing low cost and environment friendly electricity to the National Grid.
The total installed generation capacity of the project is one hundred and eight megawatts with three generating units each having a capacity of thirty-six megawatts. The first unit has been completed while the second and third will be commissioned in March and May this year.
The project will provide 436 million units of electricity to the national grid every year. Benefits of the project have been estimated at 3.7 billion rupees per annum.
loading...
For your security, we kindly ask that all passengers travelling during this holiday season pay careful attention to the following announcements.
Before entering certain departures terminals, you may be required to pass through metal detectors to determine whether you, a potential terrorist, are carrying weapons. Please line up in an orderly fashion so that actual terrorists can target you as easily as possible.
Once inside the terminal, please print your boarding pass at one of the typically malfunctioning kiosks provided for your convenience, unless you have printed a counterfeit boarding pass at home, which you may have easily done with tools no more advanced than Photoshop and a printer. It is imperative that you keep your possibly fake boarding pass with you at all times.
Please now make your way to security. Here, officials may test your hands for traces of explosive material, as no terrorist mastermind would ever think to use latex gloves and alcohol-wipes when making bombs.
As passengers wait in another vulnerable security line-up, they may recall that a leaked 2015 report on the Transportation Security Administration revealed that screeners failed to detect 95 per cent of banned weapons and mock explosives in tests. Passengers are requested to disregard this fact, and instead familiarize themselves with an ever-expanding list of everyday items that we must strictly prohibit you from using everyday.
Please be aware that to protect you, security officials may use, eat or drink any items they steal from you.
Some passengers may be required to let uniformed strangers use scanning devices to see what they look like naked. Although these sophisticated pieces of refuse may not detect the handgun you've placed in the side pocket of your jeans or the flat plastic explosive you've taped to your stomach, we can assure you that the officers operating the scanners will scrutinize your body type with giddy attention to detail.
We understand some passengers feel these measures are not invasive enough. To further protect the security of your person, please follow another uniformed stranger to a semi-concealed space and stand still while they run their hands over your private parts. You may have heard news reports of attractive passengers being singled out for grope-downs – please know that you will only be sexually assaulted for your own safety.
As well, please rest assured that we carefully target visible minorities in order to protect the peace of mind of all passengers, excluding, of course, the peace of mind of visible minorities themselves.
Once officials have ensured the security of passengers by partially undressing you, robbing you, manhandling you, discriminating against you and perhaps splashing you with a little bit of radiation, we ask that you proceed directly to your gate. There, please select one of the many fake boarding passes you may be carrying, and present it to an airline agent.
As the cabin crew prepares for takeoff, you may wish to contact a family member or loved one to report the various ways you have been violated, and to complain that most violations are not committed for the purpose of keeping you safe but rather so that politicians may trick you into feeling that they are keeping you safe, much as one might console a frightened child by rifling through a closet in search of monsters; please turn off all portable electronic devices now. Although there is no more evidence of phone signals interfering with navigation systems than there is of flying unicorns attacking planes in mid-air, for your safety we must cut off passenger communication to the outside world.
This concludes your holiday security announcement. We hope you enjoy being asked overly personal questions in a menacing tone by a sour-faced border guard upon arriving at your final destination, and that you'll travel with us again.
Shannon Gormley is an Ottawa Citizen global affairs columnist and freelance journalist.
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House Pause
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
3:30 Victim of romance scam tells their story
1:42 Water gushes over dam near flooded Sacramento
0:30 Two vehicles banged up in strange incident on Stemmons Freeway access road
0:10 Suspects in armed robberies
PHENIX CITY, Ala. (WRBL) – On Friday, December 8th, the Phenix City Police Department responded to a wooded area between Brickyard Road and Colin Powell Parkway in reference to a deceased person, according to Lt. Darrell Lassiter.
Upon arrival Officers observed the body of a deceased male lying on the ground in the area of a campsite. Investigators arrived on scene and this is an ongoing investigation.
The body was sent to the Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences in Montgomery, AL for an autopsy.
Market Scenario:
In this rapidly changing world of technology, smart ticketing market is projected to show major growth prospects during the forecast period. The continuous developments and increasing technological advancements are major factors leading to rapid adoption of smart ticketing services.
Across Europe, countries including Germany, France and the U.K. are anticipated to drive the growth of smart ticketing market. Europe is expected to hold the largest market share and dominate the smart ticketing market. In Europe, the presence of advanced infrastructure and with the increasing adoption of technology and technological advancements in numerous countries is driving the market growth of smart ticketing market.
Early adoption of smart ticketing technology in their public transportation and increased business needs are other major factors driving the growth of smart ticketing market. Another major factor driving the growth of smart ticketing market in the Europe region is the presence of key players like Oberthur Technologies (France), ASK (France), and Infineon Technologies AG (Germany), among others.
The smart ticketing market is growing rapidly over 8% of CAGR and is expected to reach at approx. USD 12 billion by the end of forecast period.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3273
Major Key Players:
HID (U.S.)
Gemalto NV (Netherlands)
NXP Semiconductors (U.S.)
Giesecke & Devrient GmbH (Germany)
Infineon Technologies AG (Germany)
Inside Secure (France)
Xerox Corporation (U.S.)
Confidex Ltd. (Finland)
Cubic Corporation (U.S.)
ASK (France)
Study Objectives of Smart Ticketing Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of thesmart ticketing market.
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future perspective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segmentation on the basis of component, product, system and application.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for smart ticketing
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the smart ticketing
Segments:
Smart ticketing market can be segmented on the basis of following:
By Component
Software
HardwarePOS Terminal Equipment
Cards & Microchips
Card Reader
By Product
Ticket Machine
E-Ticket
E-Kiosk
Smart Parking System
E-Toll
Request Tracker
Others
By System
Smart Card
Open Payment System
Near Field Communication System
By Application
Railways & Metros
Sports & Entertainment
Airlines
Buses
Others
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of Smart Ticketing Market is being studied for regions such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market, whereas Asia-Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period.
The major growth in smart ticketing market in North America is attributed to the technical advancements and increasing use of mobiles devices in that region.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/smart-ticketing-market-3273
Intended Audience
Technology investors
Integrated device manufacturers (IDMs)
Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs)
Research/Consultancy firms
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with their administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times, Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on their public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says they do not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but they tell NPR that the comments they were referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew and that at times, there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. They started their campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A business person with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, they are seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing themselves directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," they begin, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." They list off their holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then they briefly hint at their past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago, I was seriously in trouble," they say, in reference to four bankruptcies involving their properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," they continue. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was."
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with their troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That is a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which they described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of their pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for them looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite their bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained their image of success.
3. Ever the salesperson
Every episode of the show centered on a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside their dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee Stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson River. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned") in Palm Beach, Fla.
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns them a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed them to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from their businesses. Trump and their lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to their businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at their Mar-a-Lago resort and their golf club in Bedminster, N.J. Their hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about their properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Va., Trump took to the opportunity to mention their winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of contestant Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of their team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was they honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling they would soon deliver their signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for their "loyalty" and for them to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from their team — even if they do not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even among others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into their presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, they appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting their teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when they first met Bressler, they didn't think they had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to their teammate's backhanded compliment. They add, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like them I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Conners: "Do you like Omarosa, the way they just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Conners refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying they do in fact like them teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," they say about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had their share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but they also have a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to their advantage. They tried to create a chasm between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, they reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." And last month, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what they perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, their challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with their company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw them as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 percent to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and they would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into their presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
HONOLULU (AP) - The Hawaii Tourism Authority said it wants visitors to know that Kauai remains open for business after torrential rains caused flood damage.
More than 28 inches (71 centimeters) of rain pummeled Kauai's North Shore last week, resulting in flooding and landslides blocking Kuhio Highway.
The authority said the northernmost communities from Wainiha to Haena are temporarily closed to vehicles while repairs continue on the highway, but the Garden Isle remains open to visitors.
"Would-be visitors have been calling the Chamber of Commerce non-stop following this weekend's flooding and asking if they should cancel their trip," Chamber President and CEO Mark Perriello said. "Everyone should check directly with their accommodations before traveling. With some exceptions, Kauai is open for business, including Hanalei."
George Szigeti, president of the authority, said the tourism industry plays a vital role in the recovery process. They said visitors have been staying away from Hanalei, which is hurting businesses and putting jobs at risk.
"Before the thunderstorm, Hanalei was bustling with business because of tourism," Szigeti said. "Visitors can help with the north shore's recovery by patronizing Hanalei's restaurants, retail shops, specialty stores and activities that support the livelihoods of so many area residents."
As is usually the case, Brazil produced a large soybean crop this year. The country has been exporting a lot of soybeans but has reached the point at which they don't have many soybeans left to ship.
A new report says that Brazil hit a new soybean export record in September, when they shipped 4.3 million tons. A spokesperson from AgRural Commodities in Brazil says that could mean China will come knocking on America's door for more soybean purchases. However, Brazil still has a lot of corn to market yet. Even if Brazil should market 30 to 33 million tons of corn until January, the country would still have about 20 million tons in stocks, which would be a Brazilian record. A corn glut has been weighing on prices for years, with farmers in both Brazil and America feeling the strain.
A new ethanol plant running in Mato Grosso, Brazil, is just ramping up its production and trying to help Brazil get through a lot of that excess corn in storage. To combat some of the low corn prices, experts predict that Brazilian farmers will up their soybean acres two percent higher than they were this year.
Hitchcock said they were evaluated for a concussion and would have to be cleared to be available on the second night of a back-to-back in St. Louis on Saturday night.
"We have to find a way as a group to not be distracted, and keep our foot on the pedal and keep our focus razor-sharp for 60 minutes," Hitchcock said. "It's not just how good goalie was or frustration by not scoring. There are a lot of things that go into not being distracted."
A former Dallas player and expected to be a top offensive threat for the Golden Knights, Neal beat a screened Lehtonen between the legs midway through the third period on a delayed penalty for the franchise's first goal and a 1-1 tie. Nate Schmidt and Luca Sbisa got the first assists.
The go-ahead goal came in transition when Neal lifted the puck over Lehtonen from their knees with 2:44 remaining. Lehtonen, who stopped nine of 11 shots, shared the job with Antti Niemi the past two seasons, and the move for Bishop left them as the clear backup.
"I don't think it's on the goaltending," Hitchcock said. "We made two big errors. Both ended up in the net."
Tyler Seguin opened the scoring late in the second period when they redirected a pass from Devin Shore past Fleury, who made several big stop in the third period and got a break when Alexander Radulov's shot deflected off a Vegas teammate with Fleury sprawled on the ice.
The Stars were marking some milestones as well, celebrating 25 seasons since moving from Minnesota with plenty of highlights while three-time golf major winner Jordan Spieth and former Dallas Cowboys quarterback-turned-broadcaster Tony Romo watched from a suite.
The biggest pregame roar came when Hitchcock was introduced, right after a highlight reel that included Brett Hull's Stanley Cup-winning goal when Hitchcock was behind the bench in 1999.
Technically, it's the 24th season for the Dallas Stars because of the lockout that wiped out the 2004-05 season. They moved from Minnesota for the 1993-94 season.
NOTES: The first penalty in Vegas franchise history was a roughing call against Jonathan Marchessault about midway through the first period. ... Fleury had the first save just seven seconds in when John Klingberg sent the puck all the way down from past centre ice. ... Hitchcock was denied a chance to tie Al Arbour for third on the career coaching victories list. Hitchcock has 781.
UP NEXT
Golden Knights: At Arizona on Saturday night.
Stars: Hitchcock's return to St. Louis on Saturday night.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By Schuyler Dixon, The Associated Press
FILE- In this Jan. 13, 2016, file photo, Icons for Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest are displayed on a window in New York. A new poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research says 12 percent of Americans use Facebook â€œalmost constantly,â€� while 34 percent use it several times a day. About 15 percent use it once a day, and only 9 percent of Americans donâ€™t use Facebook. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File)
FILE- In this Jan. 13, 2016, file photo, Icons for Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest are displayed on a window in New York. A new poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research says 12 percent of Americans use Facebook â€œalmost constantly,â€� while 34 percent use it several times a day. About 15 percent use it once a day, and only 9 percent of Americans donâ€™t use Facebook. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - Social media is a daily way of life for many Americans.
Nearly half of Americans who use the internet say they use Facebook at least several times a day, making it easily the most popular social media site. And Facebook-owned Instagram comes in No. 2.
So whether you're reaching for your phone before getting out of bed in the morning, or logging on to procrastinate during work, chances are you see the little blue "F'' icon more often than you take a shower.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 12 percent of Americans who are online use Facebook "almost constantly," while 34 percent use it several times a day. About 15 percent use it once a day, and only 12 percent of Americans don't have a Facebook account at all.
More women than men check Facebook more than once a day - 57 percent of women compared to 36 percent of men, according to the poll. Younger people are on Facebook more than older people. About 62 percent of adults under 30 check the site several times a day or more, while only 30 percent of adults 60 or over do. About 54 percent of adults 30 to 44 check multiple times a day, as do 43 percent of adults aged 45 to 59.
Jim Mazzarese, 73, a retired airline manager from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, is one senior who checks Facebook on their phone several times a day when they get notifications. They have a bit of a love-hate relationship with the site.
"It gets me crazy when I see opinions other than mine, it gets my blood pressure going up - but it's a lot of fun," they said. They appreciate how Facebook has let them connect with people from when they were growing up "100 years ago."
What about the other social media sites?
Seventeen percent of Americans say they check Instagram throughout the day, and 10 percent say that about Snapchat. For all of the attention that President Donald Trump gets for their tweets, only 7 percent of Americans say they use the micro-blogging site several times a day. Just 5 percent say they spend that much time on WhatsApp, and 4 percent say the same of Reddit.
Is it actually healthy to check in with Facebook so much?
In a blog post in December, Facebook acknowledged that users should be mindful of the issue. A study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology the same month found University of Michigan students randomly assigned to read Facebook for 10 minutes were in a worse mood at the end of the day than students assigned to post or talk to friends on the platform.
Meanwhile, a study that Facebook research director David Ginsberg conducted with a Carnegie Mellon professor showed that sending or receiving direct messages or posts and comments on one's timeline tends to boost psychological well-being.
Worldwide, Facebook has 1.4 billion daily active users out of 2.2 billion total, so most active Facebook users check in at least once a day.
___
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.0 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
0:13 RAW: Bad blood boiling at Duncanville-Cedar Hill game Pause
0:27 RAW: Trinity INT ends Carroll's opening drive
2:41 Plastic surgeon details surgery plan for patient who wants to look like Melania Trump
1:32 Body found inside a vacant home in southwest Fort Worth
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast
Patents grant inventors a monopoly until they expire. Upon expiration, everyone can apply the invention to new products without limitation. All of today's fused deposition modeling (FDM)–like desktop 3D printers can trace their technological roots to a 1992 patent by Scott Crump. Thanks to Crump's inventiveness, millions of people worldwide now have access to inexpensive versions of their original idea.
Stratasys, the company Crump founded, continues to produce industrial 3D printers based on the same concept. The top-of-the-line machine today can print parts as large as 36″×24″×36″ using a range of materials. Parts made in ULTEM 9085, for example, are used extensively in aircraft from Boeing and Airbus. The list price of the system? $400,000. Yet customers continue to buy such pricey machines because of the demanding applications and material properties that their businesses require.
The average selling price (ASP) of an industrial 3D printer is $104,222, according to Wohlers Report 2017. The ASP for printers that produce metal parts is $566,570. Meanwhile, the ASP for desktop machines that sell for under $5,000 is $1,094. Both the low and high-end share the basic process of producing parts layer by layer, but they are really two very different animals.
At the time Crump was developing the FDM process, other pioneers were inventing different methods of 3D printing. Stereolithography, in which light is used to build parts by selectively curing photopolymer, is still a popular method among industrial users for producing a wide range of parts, large and small. With the expiration of basic patents for this process, simple vat photopolymerization printers are available today for $3,500. 3D Systems, the company to first commercialize the process, still sells large stereolithography systems for up to $990,000.
3D printers based on the powder bed fusion process use a laser to melt layers of powder to build up high-performance, functional parts. Originally developed to produce plastic pieces, the same process is now at the heart of the hottest area of additive manufacturing (AM): melting metal powder to build fully functional metal parts.
Industrial Outlook
Manufacturers see AM as a next-generation tool for production parts, a $12.8 trillion global business.
Materials: Today's 3D printers can print in a long list of plastics that includes nylons, elastomers, silicones, Kevlar, carbon fiber–filled plastics, and even biocompatible materials. Industrial companies print nickel, titanium, and precious metal parts for jet engines, dental crowns, spare parts for automobiles, and even jewelry. Ceramic parts and foundry sand for casting metal parts are also printed routinely.
Size:The Big Area Additive Manufacturing (BAAM) system, manufactured by Cincinnati, can build parts of up to 240″×90″×72″, extruding thermoplastic materials at a rate of 80 pounds per hour. One would need to run 2,725 Ultimaker 3 desktop 3D printers to reach the same volume as one BAAM system.
Throughput: Today's industrial 3D printers are capable of producing parts in quantities and at speeds that begin to compete with traditional manufacturing processes for short-run production. Wohlers Associates calculates that one would need 163 Ultimaker 3 machines to match the output of one HP Jet Fusion 4200 printer. A service provider in California announced that it can produce 600,000 small parts weekly with six of these machines from HP. No molds are required, allowing production to begin as soon as a design is complete.
Applications: NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center is using metal AM to produce ignitors, injectors, combustion chambers, and turbopumps for next-generation propulsion systems. GE is using the technology to produce LEAP engine fuel nozzles that are 25% lighter, last 5 times longer, and are easier to manufacture, and the company has the capacity to manufacture tens of thousands of the 3D printed nozzles annually. GE also redesigned the engine for the CT7 helicopter, determining that it could print up to about 40% of the engine. With AM, the company was able to reduce 900 individual parts to just 16 and reduce weight and cost by around 35%.
The good news for makers is that much of what industrial system manufacturers learn today becomes public knowledge tomorrow. When patents expire, energetic entrepreneurs waste no time in packaging these processes for the broader public. In fact, it is already well underway.
The Industry Bible
Anyone with serious interest in professional 3D printing should be reading the Wohlers Report, an annual tome that outlines the state of AM, ranging from the largest toolmakers down to the desktop machines that frequently grace the pages of Make:. The 2017 edition contains 343 pages of useful, up-to-date information that includes breakdowns of just about everything additive, including software options and material properties offered by printing vendors. At just under $500, it's not a casual purchase for hobbyists, but there's no better resource for anyone in the business of digital fabrication.
—Mike Senese
DENVER — Robert Church had a hat trick and added three assists to lead the Saskatchewan Rush past the Colorado Mammoth 13-10 on Friday in National Lacrosse League action.
Ben McIntosh and Matthew Dinsdale had a pair of goals and two assists each for Saskatchewan (6-1), which scored three unanswered goals in the fourth quarter. Ryan Keenan had four goals and an assist, while Matt Hossack and Chris Corbeil added singles.
Evan Kirk made 39 saves for the win.
Stephen Keogh led Colorado (4-2) with three goals and three assists. Ryan Benesch had a hat trick and two assists and Jacob Ruest scored and tacked on four assists. Zack Greer, Joey Cupido and Eli McLaughlin had goals as well.
QUETTA, Pakistan (AP) — A Pakistani health official says a special five-day anti-polio drive is being launched in the capital of southwestern Baluchistan province after traces of polio virus were found in the sewer system.
Syed Faisal Ahmed, the coordinator for Emergency Operation Centre in Quetta, said Monday that some 400,000 children under age five will be immunized against the deadly virus.
They said decision to launch the special drive was made after environmental samples in Quetta confirmed the presence of the virus. Ahmed said 1,345 teams will cover 39 local councils of the city amid tight security.
Multiple anti-polio drives enabled Pakistan to announce last year that the virus had largely eliminated.
Dear Editor,
There seems t be some confusion about the way a tourist destination works. Vested interest (hospitality unions, entertainers, tourism officials) have obscured the simple, basic way tourist destinations really make money and how that money is available to the widest community. So I thought it might be worthwhile to, in layperson's terms, try to lay the destination business model out, so that public comments might have better context.
As I said, the model is simple. In this discussion, I will refer to the destination as a “shop”. While the Bahamas as a whole is a “shop” (more correctly, a mall), I will refer to individual destinations within the Bahamas as “shops”. Here we will use discuss the “shop” called Nassau.
The business model requires three steps:
Get lots of customers into the shop
Expose them to your primary products
Up-sell them with your secondary products
Marketing gets the customers into the shop. The Ministry of Tourism's primary mission is the marketing of the Bahamas. They are responsible for marketing Shop Nassau. In their market planning they must address two target markets. Stopover visitors are the prime customers of any destination, and getting lots of them into the shop is the most important role of the marketing program. In the case of Shop Nassau, they have failed to get many of those important customers into the shop, having averaged the same 1.3 to 1.6 million visitors a year from 1990 to today. On the other hand, the other target customer, the cruise visitor, has been very successfully brought into the shop. Last year alone, they brought over 5 million cruise customers into the lobby of Shop Nassau, a very healthy number of customers for any shop.
So getting customers into the shop has been only partially successful, but Shop Nassau should be experiencing some increase in sales as the number of cruise visitors increase. It is not, for reasons we shall see below.
Once the customers are in the shop, they must be exposed to the destination's primary product. What is its primary product? It is the story of the people of that destination. It is the many ways the destination has to share with its customers who they are and how they got to be who they are. That is done through the many expressions of their culture made available in trade, from tours (tour-ists) to theatre to art and craft to entertainment to religious practices to cuisine to traditional practices and so on. This is what must be on the shelf, available for sale to customers. The fact that cruise visitors spend less than half as much in Shop Nassau than they do in the rest of the region confirms that there is little or no product on the shelves to buy. There is a need to stock the shelves with our story. The packaging for the product with which to stock the shelves, by the way, is our inventory of Attractions.
The up-sell is usually those things we sell that are peripheral to the destination's primary story, like popular amusement devices. Current examples are zip-lines, popular global culture and virtual reality devices.
As you can see, there are two huge holes in the business plan at Shop Nassau; they desperately need to get more stopover visitors into their shop and they need primary product on the shelf to sell. Major events (IAAF Track Meets, Miss Universe Contest and Carnival) are designed to do that, but the paucity of these efforts negates their effectiveness. In the 1960's, for example, Shop Nassau had major events and attractions organized on a regular basis, part of the work of the then Development Board, like the Miami-Nassau Powerboat Race, the Miami-Nassau Sailboat Race, Speed Week, numerous private airplane fly-outs, special races at Hobby Horse Hall, American superstars performing in Nassau almost every month (a few got their start here) and even our Junkanoo parades were news items overseas. Getting large numbers of stopover visitors requires Shop Nassau to know the difference between a Marketing Attraction (Las Vegas uses Cirque de Soleil, a Canadian production, New York uses Les Miserable, a French show, Orlando uses Mickey Mouse, a fictional character) and primary destination product. Confusion between the two has led to the shop resisting its own marketing.
Shop Nassau generates tourism income for a country that pays its bill with tourism dollars. It is crucial that every citizen realizes that we are all in the tourism business, and knows how that business works. It is also crucial that the business community learn how the creation of primary product (creating attractions) can be a lucrative form of investment.
Pat Rahming
August 12, 2017
Best bet
ALNAAS (Race 2, No 7) — Charged late and only just beaten when drifting favourite at Cranbourne. Step to 1600m suits perfectly.
Next best
PREVAILING WINDS (Race 3, No 1) — Ultra consistent and can build on excellent record in competitive race.
MANNING ROAD (Race 7, No 3) — Perfectly drawn to bounce back to winning form after solid effort at Cranbourne.
Value bet
BRYNEICH (Race 8, No 7) — Luckless this campaign. Gets their chance here.
The Trainer
Simon Zahra (Flemington)
CRYSTAL SPIRIT (Race 3, No 2) - “A nice horse with a bright future. Did a lot wrong the other day but still won.”
MANNING ROAD (Race 7, No 3) - “Hasnt done much wrong, slight rise in class but should run well.”
SWORD OF JUSTICE (Race 8, No 6) - “Needs to be outside runners and if they get the right run, he'll be competitive.”
The jockey
Fred Kersley
The gun WA apprentice has a select book of rides including TAKE A SELFIE (Race 4, No 7), SHE'S POPULAR (Race 5, No 9), ROKDA KASBA (Race 6, No 4) and WIND FORCE (Race 8, No 5).
DUBAI Bahrain's highest court on Monday overturned a nine-year-prison sentence imposed last year on the leader of Bahrain's banned main opposition party and restored their original sentence of four years in jail, local media and lawyers said.
They said the Court of Cassation cleared Sheikh Ali Salman of the charge of calling for regime change by force. It upheld an initial ruling that had found them guilty of inciting hatred and insulting the interior ministry, according to the Arabic-language al-Wasat newspaper.
"Bahrain's Court of Cassation has cancelled the appeals court's sentence of nine years in prison, and now it is back to the first sentence of four years," a lawyer, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters.
Salman's defence lawyers argued prosecutors had presented excerpts of their speeches that were taken out of context as evidence after they were arrested in 2015.
Al-Wasat quoted defence lawyers as saying the ruling was final.
The Sunni-ruled kingdom, where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based, has been on edge since 2011 "Arab Spring" protests led by its Shi'ite majority were put down by the government with the help of fellow Gulf Arab states.
Stepping up a crackdown against the opposition last year, the government banned al-Wefaq and revoked the citizenship of the country's top Shi'ite Muslim cleric.
Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, its close ally, believe broad segments of the opposition and Shi'ite militants who have launched deadly attacks on security forces are supported by their arch-rival Iran, a charge Tehran denies.
Also on Monday, Bahraini King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa approved a constitutional amendment allowing military courts to try civilians who attack security forces, state news agency BNA reported.
Bahrain's top advisory body, the Shura Council, approved the amendment earlier this month on the grounds that it would protect the kingdom from militant attacks, in a case that drew criticism from right groups.
Amnesty International said the move undermined defendants' rights and would be used to silence to dissent.
"It is part of a broader pattern where the government uses the courts to crack down on all forms of opposition at the expense of human rights," the organisation said in a statement on Monday.
(Reporting by Aziz El Yaakoubi, editing by Larry King)
