PARIS, March 29 Below are company-related news and stories from French and Benelux media which could have an impact on the region's markets or individual stocks.
French CAC futures were up 0.3 percent by 0601 GMT.
AKZO NOBEL:
Elliott Advisors, the hedge fund with a 3.25 percent stake in Dutch paintmaker Akzo Nobel, has identified shareholders representing 25 percent of the company's owners who want it to engage in takeover talks with PPG Industries, according to Dutch newspaper FD.
EDF
The French state-owned utility announced the success of its share sale for an amount of approximately 4 bln euros ($4.34 bln).
ENGIE:
French energy major ENGIE said on Wednesday it will return its Pelican Point plant in South Australia to full capacity to help meet the renewable energy dependent state's power needs.
FRENCH POLITICS:
The faltering campaign of French presidential candidate Francois Fillon suffered another setback on Tuesday when magistrates placed their wife under formal investigation over allegations that they paid them for a fake parliamentary job.
Two French ministers will travel to French Guiana on Wednesday to seek a solution to protests sweeping the French territory in South America.
LAGARDERE
The French media group denied it is considering selling a stake in its retail division, following a report by BFM TV.
SANOFI
France's biggest drugmaker announced in a joint statement with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals the approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of Dupixent for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis.
Pan-European market data: European Equities speed guide................... FTSE Eurotop 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurotop 300 sectors..................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt items......... CAC-40................. Paris items............ World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a glance: Top News............. Equities.............. Main oil report........... Main currency report.....
Aug 11 (Reuters) - First Solar Inc-
* First Solar awarded 241MW module supply contract for Edify energy solar projects in Australia Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sri Lanka have hired former South Africa paceman Allan Donald as a bowling consultant to help with their preparations for June's Champions Trophy, the cricket board announced on Sunday.
Donald was expected to take charge as the assistant coach at English county side Kent who have agreed to release them for a two-month stint with SLC's pace coaching unit, Sri Lanka Cricket said.
The 50-year-old Bloemfontein-born Donald picked up 272 One day international wickets during their 12-year career with the ODI side.
Their previous coaching assignments include a consultant role with England in 2007 before assisting Gary Kirsten as a bowling coach of the Proteas. In 2008, Donald with former England spinner Ashley Giles led Warwickshire to second division County Championship title.
Donald will join Sri Lanka's residential camp at the Pallekelle International Stadium from May 9-16.
The team will face Scotland in two ODIs before playing further practise matches against Australia and New Zealand.
They are placed in Group B and will play South Africa in their opening game at the Oval on June 3.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
KYLE is currently on the road with Logic but is taking no breaks from rolling out stellar content.
The rapper/singer just surprised fans with the release of a music video for their infectious song “To The Moon.” The smoothly autotuned and xylophone-accented track is featured on their latest album, Light of Mine.
Watch an astronaut break it down on the moon in their newest visual:
After releasing their smash hit “I Spy,” KYLE has continued to deliver banger after banger. They present one of the most unique styles with their playful songs and overall positivity, defining their own lane rather than following in someone else's. This fun video is no exception!
LEGAL EAGLES: Geoff Ebert and Bill Kingston celebrate the merger of Finemore Walters and Story with Kingston and Stanton.
TWO of the region's legal firms have come together, with Childers' Kingston and Stanton joining forces with Bundaberg's Finemore Walters and Story.
The Bundaberg firm has practised since 1951, with its current team including succession specialist Mark Story, Geoff Ebert, Hal Ing and Annette Wesche.
Kingston and Stanton began providing legal services to Isis and surrounding districts in 1897 when James Joseph Butler opened the practice.
Current principal Bill Kingston joined the firm in 1978 following in the service of their late father, Eric Kingston, a partner of the firm for 30 years.
The merging of the firms will continue the 120-year history of providing legal services to Childers and surrounding districts as well as Bundaberg, North Burnett and Gin Gin areas.
Mr Kingston will continue to practise with Finemore Walters and Story as a consultant at Childers.
In 2015 Finemore Walters and Story acquired the practice of Keith Rennick, a long-time practitioner in Mundubbera.
Beacon Publishing Group has just released "Frostbite" written by author Dave Jeffery and narrated by Steve Sansell in audiobook format. Available worldwide, download your copy today!
"Frostbite" Written By Author Dave Jeffery
Contact
Beacon Publishing Group
info@beaconpublishinggroup.com Beacon Publishing Group
End
-- Beacon Publishing Group has just released "Frostbite" written by author Dave Jeffery and narrated by Steve Sansell in audiobook format. Available worldwide, download your copy today!Grant Hastings was once the leader of an elite special ops team known as The Sebs. Now he's retired, living alone in a bedsit over a pub, and haunted by the ghosts of the mistakes he's made in the past.Then, a mysterious woman turns up to entice Hastings and The Sebs back for one last mission to rescue an anthropologist, son of an esteemed professor, who is feared to be trapped on a sacred mountain in the Himalayas, a place where the locals fear the mythical yeti roams exacting cruel retribution on anyone who strays into its domain.Unfazed by local superstition and folklore, Hastings and their team see a chance to make some easy money at the expense of their employer's gullibility.But once they make it onto the frozen mountain, The Sebs will find that sometimes there is truth behind every legend."Frostbite:" It won't be the cold that kills you....Download your copy of "Frostbite" written by Dave Jeffery and narrated by Steve Sansell on audible here:The official website for Beacon Publishing Group may be found at www.beaconpublishinggroup.comFollow Beacon Publishing Group on Twitter @BeaconPubGroupFor more information on upcoming releases or services offered contact info@beaconpublishinggroup.com
April 3 Broadway Gold Mining Ltd:
* Broadway announces executive and board changes -- names Parnham President and CEO
* Appointed Steve Hanson as Chairman and Duane Parnham as President and Chief Executive Officer
* Parnham will remain as a director of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) " For all the ways the judge in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has streamlined the case inside the courtroom, the frenzy outside grows larger and wilder each day of jury deliberations.
The media presence, large but manageable during five days of testimony last week, has ballooned as the verdict seems near. Hotel rooms are sold out for miles. Victim advocates grow in number on the courthouse steps, and the Cosby camp's spin grows louder.
Cosby spokesperson Andrew Wyatt, who guides the vision-impaired Cosby throughout their day, has drawn throngs of cameras with their updates on Cosby's mood " "very confident," is a common refrain " and assertions that the 79-year-old comedian isn't getting a fair shake.
On Friday, they took to the steps to float the idea that Cosby might testify when the defense case opened on Monday. It never happened, but the suggestion was enough to dominate the headlines just as prosecutors were closing their case with Cosby's damaging deposition testimony.
Advertisement
"Cosby's team is trying to plant seeds of doubt about this trial with their fans so they don't abandon him. They're tugging on the heart strings of nostalgia," said David La Torre, who ran Penn State's public relations during the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal. "Their parallel strategies make sense, given what's at stake for Mr. Cosby. He's fighting for their personal and professional lives."
On Tuesday, as jury deliberations stretched into a second day without signs of a verdict, Wyatt steered reporters to a former colleague of accuser Andrea Constand who said Constand had once suggested they would try to set up a famous man to get money. The judge had barred their hearsay testimony from the trial, but Wyatt made sure their statement got out.
Constand alleges Cosby gave them three sedatives they claimed were an herbal remedy and then groped their breast and genitals while they were paralyzed and unable to fight them off. Cosby said they were in a romantic relationship with the young staffer on the women's basketball team at their alma mater, Temple University, and that the encounter was consensual.
"If he's found guilty, their estate would likely take an enormous financial hit that would devastate their family. That's why their approach makes practical sense, even if it makes some feel uncomfortable," La Torre said.
Jurors appeared tired and spent when they decided to call it quits late Tuesday after about 16 hours of deliberations. They'll resume Wednesday morning.
The judge praised them for being remarkably conscientious as they consider three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault that could put Cosby in prison for the rest of their life.
The jury's day began Tuesday by reviewing more than a dozen passages from Cosby's decade-old deposition, including theirs telling Constand the pills were "three friends" to make them relax.
Cosby left the courthouse on Wyatt's arm Tuesday night, shouting the "Fat Albert" catchphrase "hey, hey, hey" and giving a thumbs-up as they got in their SUV. They didn't comment to reporters.
The AP does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Injured Stoke City striker Peter Crouch is doubtful for Tuesday's Premier League trip to Burnley, with midfielder Xherdan Shaqiri and defender Geoff Cameron also unlikely to be ready in time for the match, manager Mark Hughes said.
Crouch hurt their knee during Stoke's 2-0 defeat at the hands of Leicester City on Saturday, while both Shaqiri and Cameron are short of match fitness.
"From the weekend we have a few bumps and bruises," Hughes told a news conference on Monday.
"Peter Crouch has a bang on their knee. Xherdan Shaqiri will train today but may not be fit for tomorrow. We are waiting on Geoff Cameron but they may well miss out."
Hughes said ninth-placed Stoke would focus on recovering in time for the trip to Burnley after a disappointing performance against Leicester, with the manager saying their side's target was to finish in the top half of the table.
"It's more about recovery with a short turnaround between games. It's less about being on the grass, instead making sure we are fresh," Hughes said.
"The displays against Middlesbrough, Manchester City and Chelsea were very good, however Leicester City not so. We have eight games to go and it's clear what we need to do to at least finish in the top 10."
Burnley have not won a league game since the end of January, and are 15th in the table, five points above the relegation zone, but Hughes said they were in no danger of being relegated this season because of their impressive home form.
Burnley's 2-0 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday was the club's fourth loss at home in 15 league games this season.
"I don't see (Burnley) being in trouble come the end of the season," Hughes said. "Burnley don't change the way they play and play to their strengths. You have to be nice and solid because they have players who can hurt you."
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
March 28 Mondelez International Inc
* CEO Irene Rosenfeld's total compensation for 2016 was $16.7 million versus $19.7 million in 2015 - SEC filing
* Mondelez - CFO Brian Gladden's total compensation for 2016 was $6.4 million versus $7.2 million in 2015
* Mondelez - executive vice president and chief growth officer Timothy Cofer's total compensation for 2016 was $7 million versus about $10 million in 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
PUERTO RICO IS FILING PETITION UNDER TITLE III OF THE PUERTO RICO OVERSIGHT, MANAGEMENT, AND ECONOMIC STABILITY ACT, OR PROMESA--COURT FILING PUERTO RICO FINANCIAL OVERSIGHT AND MANAGEMENT BOARD SAYS PUERTO RICO'S CRISIS HAS REACHED "BREAKING POINT," WITH $74 BLN OF PUBLIC SECTOR DEBT -- COURT FILING PETITION WAS FILED WITH A FEDERAL COURT IN PUERTO RICO FILES PETITION TO RELIEVE ITS DEBT BURDEN -- FEDERAL COURT FILING BOARD SAYS IT INTENDS TO NEGOTIATE A COMPREHENSIVE DEBT RESTRUCTURING WITH CREDITORS THROUGH A TITLE III "PLAN OF ADJUSTMENT" -- COURT FILING BOARD SAYS TITLE III CASE HAS BECOME THE "BEST PATH" FORWARD AFTER NEGOTIATIONS OUTSIDE THAT PROCESS REACHED AN IMPASSE -- COURT FILING
Football Soccer - Real Madrid v Bayern Munich - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final Second Leg - Estadio Santiago Bernabeu, Madrid, Spain - 18/4/17 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates after the game with the match ball after scoring a hat trick Reuters / Sergio Perez...
MADRID Cristiano Ronaldo has made a habit of defying their critics and will try to do so again by leading Real Madrid one step closer to the Spanish title on Sunday against bitter rivals Barcelona.
Four-time Ballon d'Or winner Ronaldo has faced accusations that their powers were waning and while they are no longer the flying winger that terrorised defences, they are no less effective for Los Blancos.
Ronaldo has become a powerhouse centre-forward, demonstrating how they can continue to play at the top level in the coming years despite turning 32 in February.
Across the Champions League quarter-final clash with Bayern Munich, which Madrid won 6-3 on aggregate, they struck five times and became the first player to score 100 goals in the competition.
“I don't know who doubted me. The people who love Cristiano never had any doubts,” they said.
While the Portuguese is sometimes accused of being a selfish player, their new role sees them participate in attacking build-up play more frequently and in the recent 1-1 Madrid derby draw against Atletico, they created good chances for their teammates.
Ronaldo is no longer untouchable, with Zinedine Zidane happy to rest them for less important games so that they arrive in top condition for the big clashes. They sat out the 3-2 win over Sporting Gijon on Saturday so they could feature against Bayern on Tuesday and in the Clasico.
The striker's positional transition began in 2014, when they began playing closer to the penalty area, despite nominally starting as a left winger.
It has only been this season that they have been deployed as a centre forward from the off by Zidane, most notably in the 3-0 win at Atletico Madrid in which Ronaldo scored their 39th career hat-trick.
They have 19 La Liga goals, 10 fewer than Barcelona's Lionel Messi, but Ronaldo is still third in the Spanish top scorers chart.
In recent years they have had a bigger impact on the Clasico than their Argentine rival, scoring the winner at Camp Nou last season and netting in both matches in 2014-15.
Madrid's poor record in La Liga during Ronaldo's era at the club is often used as evidence against them in comparisons with Messi, Los Blancos winning just one of seven titles since they joined in June 2009.
But their team go into Sunday's showdown three points ahead of their rivals from a game fewer, and victory at the Santiago Bernabeu would put them on the verge of their first La Liga triumph for five years.
If they can settle Sunday's match in Madrid's favour, they will need only nine more points from the 18 available to win the league.
Ronaldo previously claimed they would like to retire from Madrid duty when they turn 41 and while that still seems otimistic, their evolving game means they can continue being decisive on occasions as big as these.
(Writing by Rik Sharma; Editing by Neville Dalton)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
End
-- Iphone is an enchanting product from the series of smartphones from the very famous and dominating company i.e Apple Inc.It has attractive and successful series of iphones like iPhone 6S, iPhone 6s plus. The latest and updated version of iPhone is iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus.iPhone 7 and iPhone7 plus has got a ios 10.2 update which will we available as a pop up software update and a person could download it or can check for the update in the iphone settings as well. This update of the iphone presents lot many updated and exciting features like:-• Attractive emoji:-now the user gets access to some more beautiful and attractive emoji. This emoji is around 100 in number including the selfie symbol, facepalm and these emojis are designed in a way so that they could appear more intense and sharp, but their usage has got a drawback that a person could not send them to other android users.• Attractive imessage effects:- two unique full screen effects are also added, one is the love effect and other is the celebration effect. If you hold down the send button in iphone and in between it flick over the screen with some beautiful bubbles.• Introduction of new tv app:- it has also introduced a tv app for its user, though its not available worldwide i.e only US users can use it, but it supports apps netflix and amozon prime. So by using this tv app user can watch interesting videos or the desired content like tv shows and all.• Improved photo app:- the quality of recognition in the photo app has also improved for better picture quality• Improved music app:- now the management of the music app has been improved to a great extend. New features are added like now you can now swipe to your songs. You can even use shuffle, or move up and down in the playlist.you can even rate the songs in your music app if you wish.• Improved bluetooth performance:-now the bluetooth performance has also improved for accessing the third party• Attractive wallpapers:- in this new update the improved and better wallpapers are also added. Like some beautiful coloured bob onto the black background has given a new look to the wallpapers which were present earlier.Now if a person has any sort of problem regarding the use of features which has been updated in the new IOS 10.2 update then the company has gotteam, the technIcal people there are present for 24 hours a day at our service.So for any further queries related to the latest iphone updateor its use, you can contactTo get in touch,refer:
BRASILIA, March 29 Brazil will scrap payroll tax breaks on dozens of industries and freeze about 30 billion reais in spending in a bid to reach a fiscal deficit target key to regaining the country's investment grade rating, three government officials said on Wednesday.
Under pressure by their allies in Congress and business groups to adopt pro-growth reforms that could snap the economy out of a deep recession, President Michel Temer has opted to keep tax hikes to a minimum.
Lawmakers, however, have warned the elimination of the payroll tax breaks, which costs the government about 18 billion reais a year, will face resistance.
Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles is also expected to announce later on Wednesday a smaller increase in the financial transaction tax, known as IOF, on cooperative credit as well as updated estimates on extraordinary revenues.
"The idea was to limit tax hikes. It was the best option given the difficulties we faced," a close aide to Temer told Reuters on condition of anonymity because the decision has not been made public yet.
"Congress will have to either approve the rollback or we will have to raise other taxes, which can have a negative impact on inflation."
Two other sources, who also asked not to be named, confirmed the size of the spending freeze, which is key for the government to meet its primary budget deficit goal of 139 billion reais ($44.36 billion).
The finance ministry's press office declined to comment.
($1 = 3.1334 reais) (Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Paul Simao)
Courtesy Superheroes 4 Sully
As any veteran of the 98.5 KLUC Chet Buchanan Show Toy Drive can tell you, the final weekend of each year's event is always crazy busy. And this year was no exception…on Saturday, a steady stream of generous donations helped us close Truck #22…and that was BEFORE Superheroes 4 Sully showed up, accompanied by the Las Vegas Metro Police Department SWAT team vehicle!
An organization formed in honor of 9-year-old Sullivan “Sully” Mainor, their parents Brad and Kristin Mainor took their superhero-obsessed son's passion to heart after their passing in 2013. And for the past several years, they've been regular Toy Drive contributors. This year, Superheroes 4 Sully donated 345 bikes and other items to the effort! Check out the video to see their contribution.
By late Saturday evening, we were already looking at 4,300 bikes and over $261,000 in gift card donations. We can't wait to see how this all ends on Monday!
TOY DRIVE HEADQUARTERS
Day 11: 5,000 Bikes…in 20 Seconds!
Day 9: Our Biggest Day Yet?
Day 8: Vegas Keeps Giving
Day 7: Human Nature, Terry Fator Drop By!
Day 6: The Numbers Mount
Day 5: Wow, Walgreens!
Day 4: Photo Gallery
Day 4: Chet Gets Reflective
Day 4: High Winds…and the Return of Angry Tent!
Day 3: Enter…the Car Clubs
Day 3: Photo Gallery
Day 3: C'mon Down!
Day 2: Entering Weekend 1 With a Bang!
Day 2: Photo Gallery
Day 1: Video Highlights
Day 1: Photo Gallery
Day 1: What's Happened So Far…
Wanna be the first to know about KLUC events, contests and ticket giveaways? Sign-up for our weekly newsletter!
Asian shares rose Thursday after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italy's political situation subsided.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.8 percent to 22,201.82 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 1.1 percent to 30,385.50. The Shanghai Composite index rebounded 1.8 percent to 3,095.47 and Australia's S&P ASX 200 climbed 0.5 percent to 6,011.90. South Korea's Kospi advanced 0.6 percent to 2,423.01. Shares rose in Taiwan and were mostly higher in Southeast Asia.
WALL STREET: Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday as investors reversed course on hopes that Italy will be able to avoid a new round of elections. Stocks had plunged the previous day as investors expected the Italian gridlock would be resolved with new elections that could have turned into a yes-or-no referendum deciding whether Italy would continue to use the euro. The S&P 500 index jumped 1.3 percent to 2,724.01 and the Dow Jones industrial average also climbed 1.3 percent to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.9 percent to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 1.5 percent, closing at a record high of 1,647.99. Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
CHINA MANUFACTURING: Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S. The official purchasing managers' index, or PMI, rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
Advertisement
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "Today's strong set of official PMIs tell a reassuring story about current growth momentum. However, we will have to wait for more reliable indicators to be published in order to get a clearer picture of the health of China's economy," Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics said in a commentary.
CHINA TRADE: China's government said Thursday it reserves the right to retaliate if Washington goes ahead with proposed investment controls Beijing said violate global trade rules. The Commerce Ministry's comment came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China's trade surplus and Beijing's promise to buy more American goods.
CURRENCIES: The euro rose to $1.1689 from $1.1664. The dollar fell to 108.66 yen from 108.89 yen.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil slipped 25 cents to $67.96 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It jumped 2.2 percent on Wednesday to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 43 cents to $77.29 per barrel. It added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in five days following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. They can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
AT&T Inc (T.N) said on Monday it would buy Straight Path Communications Inc (STRP.A), a holder of licenses to wireless spectrum, for $1.25 billion(1.01 billion pounds)in an all-stock deal as it aims to accumulate the airwaves it needs for a next generation network.
The deal shows how wireless carriers may be increasingly willing to pay lofty prices for assets they view as critical to 5G, which is expected to boast higher speeds and more capacity.
The network is widely considered to be a multibillion dollar opportunity, and wireless carriers do not have many acquisition targets that would give them the type of spectrum they need in preparation for the roll out. Straight Path is one of the largest holders of 28 GHz and 39 GHz millimeter wave spectrum used in mobile communications.
The No.2 U.S. wireless carrier said it would offer $95.63 per share, a premium of 162.1 percent over Straight Path's close on Friday. Straight Path's shares rose to $91.32 in afternoon trade, while AT&T's shares were marginally lower.
Millimeter wave spectrum is expected to play a large role in 5G networks. Both AT&T and rival Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) have been conducting 5G trials. Verizon is testing a 5G fixed wireless service with equipment maker Ericsson in 11 markets in the U.S. and expects a commercial launch as early as 2018. Meanwhile, AT&T said earlier this year that it had successfully completed tests with Nokia [NOKI.UL] that delivered its streaming video service DirecTV Now over a 5G connection using millimeter wave technology.
Earlier this year, AT&T said it was acquiring privately held FiberTower and its millimeter wave spectrum rights. It expects that deal to close by next January.
In February, Verizon Communications, the No. 1 U.S. wireless carrier, said it had closed on its acquisition of XO Communications' fibre-optic network business for about $1.8 billion, giving it access to millimeter wave spectrum.
Between FiberTower and Straight Path, AT&T should have a similar amount of spectrum as Verizon if not more, said Wells Fargo analyst Jennifer Fritzsche, in a note on Monday.
Shares of other telecom companies rose after the news as investors expect a wave of mergers and acquisitions in the sector this year. Dish Network Corp (DISH.O), which has been amassing wireless spectrum licenses, was up 1.9 percent to $63.75 in afternoon trading.
Dish as well as Ligado Networks, the wireless satellite venture awaiting approval from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to allow it to use its spectrum for 5G purposes, are considered potential acquisition targets by industry analysts. Ligado is working with financial advisers to explore strategic alternatives, sources told Reuters in March.
Straight Path had said in January it was hiring investment bank Evercore Partners to help explore strategic alternatives, including a sale of assets.
The company had also agreed in January to pay the FCC $15 million to settle a federal probe of claims that it had submitted false data to renew airwave licenses.
The tax-free deal, valued at $1.6 billion in total, includes liabilities and amounts to be remitted to the FCC, according to the January settlement terms. It is expected to close within a year, pending FCC review.
The deal with AT&T is supported by Straight Path's majority shareholder, Howard Jonas, who has entered into a voting agreement with the carrier in support of the transaction.
Evercore advised Straight Path on the deal and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP provided legal counsel, while AT&T was advised by Moelis & Co and Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP.
(Additional reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru and Liana Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Bernard Orr)
March 30Sino Wealth Electronic Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 57.5 percent to 84.9 percent, or to be 23 million yuan to 27 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (14.6 million yuan)
* Says increased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Cld9qD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Arnoldo Mondadori Editore SpA:
* Concludes agreement on the disposal of the business units involved in the logistics activities of Mondadori Libri and Mondadori Retail to Ceva Logistics Italia
* Agreement envisages the disposal of the logistics business units of Mondadori Libri and Mondadori Retail to Ceva Logistics Italia for 0.5 million euros ($544,550.00)
* Agreement envisages the disposal of Verona-based site used for the activities to Akno Trading for consideration of 6 million euros
* Akno Trading is a property company part of the Akno Group, an industrial partner of Ceva group
* Agreement envisages the conclusion of an exclusive agreement for the supply by Ceva Logistics Italia of logistics services to Mondadori's books and retail areas for 9 years
* Disposal of the site at closing date will produce a (pre-tax) gain of 4.2 million euros, already included in guidance for 2017 disclosed last March 21 Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9182 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The exterior facade of the Central European University, a school founded by billionaire philanthropist Gorge Soros, is seen in Budapest, Hungary, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
BRUSSELS The head of the European Union's executive said on Thursday they did not like what was going on in Hungary, where the right-wing, populist Prime Minister Viktor Orban is trying to shut down a liberal university founded by U.S. financier George Soros.
Budapest this week approved a new law that could force the Central European University out of the country, despite protests against the move and criticism from abroad.
European lawmakers have demanded disciplinary action against Hungary over the crackdown on foreign universities, the latest of steps by Orban to subdue independent institutions - from the judiciary and the central bank, to non-governmental organisations and the media.
"About the closure of the university... I don't like that decision," European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker told reporters, adding that their fellow EU commissioners will discuss the matter next Wednesday.
But Brussels has so far failed to prevent Orban, in office since 2010, from tightening their grip on Hungary.
Hungary will hold national elections next year and Orban, often quick to lambaste the EU capital, has already rolled out a campaign called "Let's stop Brussels".
Their government sent letters to citizens asking for their support in pushing against EU policies and Brussels on issues ranging from energy prices to migration.
Juncker sought to play down the significance of the campaign, highlighting that Orban did sign up last month to a joint EU declaration marking the 60th anniversary of the bloc.
"About the questionnaire that Mr Orban has sent to all Hungarian households, it is not about leaving the European Union but about stopping Brussels," Juncker said.
"This way of speaking badly about Brussels after having signed the Rome declaration says more about the author of the questionnaire than about the state of the European Union."
The Commission's options to act over the university issue are limited. Brussels has little oversight on education in member states. While it can open legal cases against EU states violating common rules, they are lengthy and often give little effect.
For the harsher punishment of restricting EU funds, it would need wide backing among other member states, which are usually coy about such steps, fearing they could backfire against them in any disputes in the future.
The nuclear option of stripping a state of their voting rights in the EU requires unanimity of all other EU members.
Hungary has said it would block any such move against Poland, which is also chafing Brussels over its steps to put media and the judiciary under tighter government control, and the alliance between the two means Orban can expect reciprocity.
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska; Editing by Alison Williams)
An economist, Prof. Sheriffdeen Tella, on Monday described the nation's debt stock of N21.73 trillion as worrisome and urged the Federal Government to stop external borrowing.
Tella, a professor of Economics at Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun, expressed their views in an interview with Newsmen in Lagos.
They said that the current size of the country's external debt was worrisome.
The Debt Management Office (DMO), on March 14, said that Nigeria's external debt had risen to 18.91 billion dollars (N5.79 trillion) as at Dec. 31, 2017.
The DMO said that domestic debt also rose to N15.94 trillion, bringing the total debt stock to N21.725 trillion (70.92 billion dollars).
According to the economist, the total external debt of 18.91 billion dollars is very high compared to the current Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
They said that the current GDP growth rate was largely due to higher crude oil price than increased output in agriculture.
Tella said that there was no rationale for government to borrow in dollars to offset domestic debts, stressing that part of the earnings from oil should be monetised to offset such debt.
According to him, government is borrowing as if the country is not earning foreign exchange which can be used to meet some of the external needs.
“What is the pride in accumulating external debt when you are at the same time building external reserve?
“The ratio of debt service to the annual budget continues to rise, thereby depriving the nation of funds that should go into project execution and general economic development,” Tella said.
They said that apart from the delay in passing the 2018 budget and attendant delay in budget implementation which were affecting the speed of economic recovery, the huge sums spent on debt servicing also contributed to the slow economic recovery.
“This is the time to put a stop to these orgies of borrowing. How much of the dollar borrowed reach the shores of Nigeria?
“A sizeable proportion is used for agency fees, facilitator fees, technical expertise, purchase of equipment, machinery, and other production inputs that are not produced locally, and payments are made for all these in foreign currency,” the don said.
Tella said that a number of research results had shown that external debts had negative impact on the development of the country.
They said that the earlier the National Assembly stopped approving borrowing, the better it would be for the country.
Tella said that there must be a threshold for external reserve and once the threshold is met, the rest should be for infrastructure development and other items we borrowed money to execute.
Rows of steam generators line a road at the Cenovus Energy Christina Lake Steam-Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) project 120 km (74 miles) south of Fort McMurray, Alberta, August 15, 2013. REUTERS/Todd Korol
CALGARY, Alberta Cenovus Energy shares had their biggest one-day percentage fall ever on Thursday as investors balked at the company's C$17.7 billion ($13.3 billion) cash and stock deal to buy oil sands and natural gas assets from ConocoPhillips.
The acquisition announced on Wednesday, the fifth-biggest Canadian energy deal on record, will more than double Cenovus production to 588,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and make it the third-biggest Canadian producer.
The company will become the sole owner of its flagship Foster Creek and Christina Lake oil sands projects and is also buying the majority of ConocoPhillips' western Canada Deep Basin conventional gas assets.
The offer was unsolicited, according to ConocoPhillips Canada spokesperson Michelle McCullagh, who said their company had planned to market some Canadian assets as part of a disposition program but that this is a larger deal.
The transaction, to be financed through selling shares and divestitures, is greater than Cenovus' C$12.8 billion ($9.6 billion) market capitalization, and ratings agency DBRS placed the company under review with negative implications.
Cenovus shares closed down 13.8 percent on the Toronto Stock Exchange at C$15.05, while ConocoPhillips shares were up 8.8 percent.
"I'm extremely disappointed - not just the price paid on this acquisition, but also the strategy," said Norman MacDonald, portfolio manager on the Trimark Resources Fund with Invesco, which holds Cenovus shares.
The company was created to focus on unconventional crude, not hold gas assets such as Deep Basin, they said. "And up until yesterday, they had a really good balance sheet."
Through the deal Cenovus becomes one of the most levered oil companies, analysts at Raymond James said in a note.
ConocoPhillips is the latest international oil major to pull back from northern Alberta's oil sands, which is among the most costly plays in the world to develop.
Canadian players like Cenovus, Suncor Energy and Canadian Natural Resources Ltd are grabbing assets as multinationals retreat, betting improvements in thermal extraction technology will help them boost efficiency to compete against U.S. shale plays.
"The Canadian companies do not have any other particularly good options," said Doug Hollies, vice president of engineering at consultancy Codeco Oilsands Engineering and a Cenovus shareholder, who worked on the initial well design for Christina Lake.
"They are confident, but I think they may be a little overconfident and they are always going to be high-cost producers," they added.
(Additional reporting by David Ljunggren and John Tilak; Editing by Denny Thomas, Marguerita Choy and Leslie Adler)
(Adds quotes from minister, background on flooding)
LIMA, April 12 Peru's economy will grow around 3 percent in 2017, lower than the 3.8 percent previously expected, due to the impact of deadly floods, Economy Minister Alfredo Thorne said on Wednesday in a presentation to Congress.
The economy will grow 2 percent in the first half of the year before rebounding to grow 4 percent in the second half depending on the level of execution of planned reconstruction efforts in the areas affected by the floods, Thorne said.
"It's more than what some analysts have predicted and...we will still be among the highest-growth economies in Latin America," they said.
Over a hundred people have died in Peru from rain-related events since December, many in March after a sudden warming of Pacific waters unleashed torrential downpours. Floods and mudslides destroyed at least 6,000 miles of highways and damaged thousands of homes.
Last week, President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said reconstruction efforts will cost $3 billion in the short term and up to $9 billion over five years.
Thorne had previously said public spending on reconstruction efforts would warrant a wider fiscal deficit than the currently-expected 2.5 percent of GDP. In their Wednesday presentation, they did not specify a new deficit target.
"What's important is that we have enough funds today to allow us to finance this increase in the deficit almost without debt," they said. (Reporting by Marco Aquino; Writing by Luc Cohen and Alistair Bell)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
March 30 The burrito chain Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc said on Thursday its shareholders agreed to withdraw a proposal to split the chief executive and chairperson roles.
Two union-affiliated shareholders of the company, Amalgamated Bank and CtW Investment Group, filed a proposal in November to strip board leadership from Steve Ells, who is also the founder and chief executive, by instituting an independent chair.
Chipotle said in a filing that it was not only "appropriate but also important" for Ells to serve as both the chairperson and CEO. (bit.ly/2oe9hZn) (Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru and Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
The logo of Tumi is seen in a shop in downtown Rome, Italy March 4, 2016. REUTERS/Max Rossi
HONG KONG Samsonite International S.A. (1910.HK) on Wednesday said it took direct control of the wholesale and retail distribution of Tumi products in Hong Kong, Macau and China from April 1, as the luggage maker targets the region's "enormous potential".
Samsonite in a statement said it had acquired certain assets including inventory and the rights to store leases from Hong Kong-based retail and brand management group Imaginex Holdings Ltd. It did not provide details.
Imaginex was Tumi distributor in Hong Kong, Macau and China from 2005 until the end of its contract on March 31, Samsonite said.
Samsonite completed its $1.8 billion (1.45 billion pounds) purchase of peer Tumi Holdings Inc in August, as the world's biggest luggage firm expands in the luxury market.
(Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
QUEENSLAND Ambulance Service dispatched a helicopter to Fraser Island this afternoon following reports three people including a child were stung on the legs by bluebottles.
The patients were assessed at the scene and reported by QAS to be in a stable condition.
The incident follows a spate of people being stung by jellyfish, including the deadly irukandji, at the Island over the holiday period.
Wads of British Pound Sterling banknotes are stacked in piles at the GSA Austria (Money Service Austria) company's headquarters in Vienna July 22, 2013. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger/File Photo
LONDON Sterling hit the day's high on Wednesday in volatile trade while shares in British companies slipped after British Prime Minister Theresa May and European Council President Donald Tusk said Britain had formally triggered its divorce from the EU.
May's letter to Tusk, which they quoted from to parliament on Wednesday, said Britain and the EU must work together to minimize disruption and provide as much certainty as possible, and that a deep, special partnership was in the best interests of both sides.
Having earlier hit an eight-day low of $1.2377 GBP=D3, sterling jumped to $1.2478 after it was confirmed that the letter had been sent, up from around $1.2448 beforehand and leaving the currency up 0.2 percent on the day.
"I think this is largely attributed to reducing one element of uncertainty in the process of actually triggering Article 50 but also the conciliatory tone in Prime Minister May's statement...focusing on the partnership with the EU and achieving a mutually beneficial relationship," said Alexandra Russell-Oliver, a currency analyst at Caxton FX.
Sterling also hit day's highs against the euro EURGBP=D3.
Britain's FTSE 100 .FTSE index - most of whose earnings are denominated in other currencies - hit a session low after May triggered Article 50, down 0.3 percent.
British mid-caps also fell, down 0.1 percent.
British government bond futures FLGcv1 drifted higher, tracking German Bunds FGBLc1, to touch a session high around 20 ticks up from Tuesday's close.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Additional reporting by Ritvik Carvalho, Kit Rees and David Milliken)
With pilot water taxi service completing a successful run on August 12 launching from Tuckerton Seaport, this alternate mode of transportation continues to be at the heart of the economic development discussion for Southern Ocean County.
Water Taxi
End
-- Earlier this year, Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce had launched the Downtown Driven Program and announced availability to work directly with two local municipalities on economic development and downtown revitalization. Beach Haven and Tuckerton Economic Development Councils passed resolutions to sign on to begin formulating best practices, business orientated initiatives and tourism initiatives that would set goals and advance awareness for incoming as well as established businesses.After the chamber representatives attending meetings on both sides, it was clear that stakeholders in both boroughs were interested into feasibility of running a water taxi service to benefit visitors, residents and possibly commuters. Representatives from both Economic Development Councils, Southern Ocean Chamber and the Tuckerton Seaport have been meeting monthly since spring at the Southern Ocean County Chamber office to talk short and long term strategies. The Ocean County Planning Department has also met with the group to assist with logistical issues and see if there is any available grant funding to offset operational costs. The Tuckerton Seaport had suggested hosting a test run on August 12 utilizing USCG licensed Captain Tom Masterson, owner of LBI Boat Tours which docks at the Morrison's Marina Beach Haven. The 24 passenger seats were offered free of charge and filled within 48 hours. There were four originating trips (2 from Tuckerton and 2 from Beach Haven) and then returning trips later that day.All riders were surveyed and rated the service as excellent, that they would recommend it to a friend and would pay for the service. Next steps will continue to be discussed with the group on bringing the taxi into a regularly routed service. Additional service is being considered for operating during Decoy Weekend and Chowderfest Weekend, details will be announced once finalized.For more information about the Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce and the Downtown Driven Program please contact 609 494 7211, stop into their visitor center at 265 W Ninth St Ship Bottom or go to www.visitLBIregion.com To find out more about what is being offered at the Tuckerton Seaport, please go to www.tuckertonseaport.org or and for Beach Haven www.visitbeachhaven.com
April 6 Boeing Co :
* Boeing says 88 new orders for week through March 31
* Says new orders for through week March 31 include orders from Australia P-8 for four 737s, Business Jet / VIP Customer(s) for two 737s
* New orders for through week March 31 also include orders from Indian Navy P-8I for four 737s, UK P-8 for 2 737s, US Navy P-8A Poseidon for 11 737s
* Says new orders for week through March 31 also include orders from Unidentified Customer(s) for 57 737s and eight 777s Source text : (bit.ly/1CPj6cX) Further company coverage:
Actress Rosanne Barr arrives for the taping of the Comedy Central Roast of Roseanne in Los Angeles, U.S., August 4, 2012. REUTERS/Phil McCarten/File Photo
Actress Roseanne Barr arrives at the Roseanne TV series season one DVD release party at Lucky Strike Bowling Center in Hollywood, U.S., July 18, 2005. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
"Roseanne," the hit 1990s television comedy about a working-class American family, could be on its way back, Hollywood trade publications reported on Friday, marking the latest in a trend for revivals of 20-year-old shows.
Variety and Deadline.com reported that a revival with original cast members Roseanne Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert was being shopped around broadcast networks and streaming services.
Reuters could not independently confirm the reports.
The original "Roseanne" was broadcast from 1988-1997 and was the most watched TV show in the United States in 1989 and 1990. It featured a blue-collar family, with overweight parents, who were struggling to get by in the fictional town of Lanford, Illinois. The show was praised for being a realistic portrayal of a working-class family.
Deadline.com said the intention was to include other principal original actors, such as Laurie Metcalf and Johnny Galecki, in the reboot.
In an appearance in March on daytime talk show "The Talk," which is co-hosted by Gilbert, Goodman was enthusiastic about bringing back the show.
"Roseanne" would be the latest hit show from the 1980s and 199Os to get a revival. "Will & Grace," a comedy that helped bring gay men and women into mainstream pop culture, is returning to NBC with 12 new episodes within the next year, while supernatural crime "Twin Peaks" is coming back in May some 27 years after it was first shown.
There have also been revivals or sequels to popular American TV series "Gilmore Girls" and "Full House" in the past two years.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bill Trott)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday defended TV anchor Bill O'Reilly after a report that the conservative commentator and their employer, 21st Century Fox, paid five women to settle claims they sexually harassed them.
"I think he's a person I know well — they are a good person,” Trump said of O'Reilly in an interview with The New York Times.
The Times reported over the weekend that Fox and O'Reilly paid $13 million to five women who accused them of sexual harassment. O'Reilly, in a statement posted on their website on Saturday, said they had been unfairly targeted because of their prominence.
"I think they shouldn't have settled; personally I think they shouldn't have settled," Trump told the Times on Wednesday. “Because you should have taken it all the way. I don't think Bill did anything wrong.”
Fox News is a unit of 21st Century Fox.
Several companies have pulled ads from O'Reilly's Fox News show "The O'Reilly Factor."
(Reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editing by James Dalgleish)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CHICAGO (AP) — Children with a rare, incurable disease that causes rapid aging and early death may live longer if treated with an experimental drug first developed for cancer patients, a study suggests.
The small, preliminary study isn't proof the drug works and it found only a small benefit: Treated children with the disease progeria were more likely than others to survive during the two-year study. But some kids taking the drug in this and other studies have lived into their late teens. Researchers and others say the results suggest a potential breakthrough for a heartbreaking condition that typically kills kids before they reach adulthood.
"Anything we can do to try to provide them hope of a longer life is well worth doing and well worth celebrating," said Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health, who was not part of the new study. A geneticist, Collins led laboratory experiments that in 2003 identified the genetic basis for the disease, formally known as Hutchinson-Gilford progeria.
Among 27 children with progeria who got the drug lonafarnib, one died during the 2007-2010 study. That's compared with nine of 27 untreated children with the disease. Thirteen of the treated children are still alive; most began taking other experimental drugs too.
Advertisement
"For the first time ever we have a drug that is shown to extend lifespan for children with progeria," said lead author Dr. Leslie Gordon of Brown University. Them son was a study participant and died in 2014 at age 17.
The results were published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study, conducted at Boston Children's Hospital, was unusually designed, comparing children given the drug with other progeria patients worldwide who weren't enrolled in the study. The untreated kids were matched as closely as possible with study participants by age, gender and other characteristics, but they weren't a standard control group and didn't receive dummy medication.
That design weakens the study conclusions, said Dr. Howard Worman, a Columbia University biologist. "You really cannot say anything 'worked' without a contemporary placebo control."
The children in the study were also involved in earlier research testing the same drug combined with two others. Within a period of about five years, survival was extended by about 19 months. It wasn't clear if all three drugs or just one or two of them contributed to the improvement. Lonafarnib also appeared to reduce blood vessel damage.
Average life expectancy for progeria children is about 14 years. Though many die younger, usually from heart attacks or strokes, some lonafarnib-treated kids have lived to their late teens.
For parents, who want to see their children grow up, that sliver of extra time is a bittersweet blessing.
"If you're a mom and you're told that life expectancy is 13 years, that 1.6 years is gold," said Heather Unsinger. Them 7-year-old daughter, Carly, was a study participant and has been taking lonafarnib since age 3. "But it's really hard to jump up and down."
Affected children are typically small, bald and fragile-looking but intellectually normal. Carly "has full-throttle dreams" and envisions becoming an art teacher one day, their mom said.
Other kids "always think I'm a baby," Carly said. But "I'm a regular kid."
Progeria is caused by a mutation in a gene that regulates production of a protein that helps shape and support the nucleus of cells throughout the body. In normal aging, the protein accumulates in cells but in children with progeria, an abnormal buildup occurs that severely damages cells. Lonafarnib helps block that abnormal buildup.
The disease affects about 1 in 20 million people. It is a chance mutation and isn't inherited. Affected children are born looking healthy, but fail to grow normally, lose body fat and hair and develop aged-looking skin, stiff joints and diseased arteries.
Lonafarnib was initially developed as a potential cancer treatment but without much success. Schering Plough/Merck supplied the study drug; the research was paid for by the Progeria Research Foundation.
Gordon, the lead author, and their husband, Dr. Scott Berns, started the foundation in 1999 after their son, Sam, was diagnosed.  They are continuing to study lonafarnib and other drugs in kids with progeria.
University of Washington geneticist Dr. Fuki Hisama predicted that lonafarnib will eventually become standard treatment for progeria, though not a cure.
The study "gives other people the message that there is hope for rare diseases," said Hisama, who wrote an accompanying journal editorial.
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @LindseyTanner. Them work can be found here .
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
LONDON The 'Sam Allardyce factor' has been driving Crystal Palace's resurgence, midfielder Andros Townsend said after a 3-0 win over Arsenal boosted their improving Premier League survival bid.
Allardyce, who has developed a reputation over the years as a survival specialist and last season led Sunderland to an unlikely escape from the drop, has been the driving force behind the stunning upturn in fortunes experienced by Palace.
They initially struggled to turn things around after joining the south-London side in December, but since late February Palace have collected 15 points from a possible 18, to climb three places to 16th.
"Sam Allardyce has been incredible," Townsend, who scored Palace's first goal on Monday, told Sky Sports.
"I was on the wrong end of the (then Sunderland manager) Sam Allardyce factor when I was at Newcastle last season but they look to have worked their magic again and hopefully we can keep these performances up and get enough points to survive."
Allardyce's tactics have not always been the most subtle but under their flight attendantship Palace have become formidable opponents - particular at their raucous Selhurst Park ground.
Their form is built on a strong, well-organised defence, a physical target man in Christian Benteke and the skill and counter-attacking ability of French playmaker Yohan Cabaye - scorer of their second goal - Wilfried Zaha and Townsend.
Combative Serbia international Luka Milivojevic, who added the third, has looked like an astute acquisition since they arrived from Olympiakos Piraeous in January.
"Tactically the players were aware of how to beat Arsenal," Allardyce told Sky Sports.
"The first thing was to defend and frustrate them, keep them playing sideways, then use the space behind the full-backs.
"Arsenal have been weak defensively, they leave the centre-backs exposed. We won a lot of possession off them and created lots of chances.
"Cabaye's goal, what a finish - and that was down to us pressing them. It wasn't a shock for me because we played Chelsea and won that game (2-1 away on April 1).
"The result might be a shock, but we did that again and did it better. We all know Arsenal are going through their worst spell for years, but the only way to take advantage is by playing well. Everything worked perfectly for us today."
Palace have moved six points above the drop zone and have a game in hand on most of the teams around them in the relegation battle but they still have to face Liverpool, Tottenham Hotspur, Manchester City and United in their final seven fixtures.
(Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ken Ferris)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mum breastfeeds son, 2, on the toilet and as they clean the house
By Emma Gritt
Becky Viera is so determined to breastfeed their son as much as possible that they never stops them from latching on… even when she's doing housework.
Instagrammer Becky Viera has opened up about the reality of ‘extended breastfeeding' - and it sounds like hard work.
Becky started breastfeeding Archer, who is nearly 2, after they developed acid reflux as a baby.
They struggled at first, admitting that it was painful and left their nipples feeling “like they had been rubbed with sandpaper and put in a pencil sharpener”, but now they are delighted to be a role model for other mums who want to breastfeed their own babies for as long as possible.
The 42-year-old, who posts regular photos on their IG page @WittyOtter, said: “In many ways it's easier because we've been doing it for so long that we've perfected things.
“I can do other things while I breastfeed, like vacuuming or go to the toilet.
“But they will grab my breasts which isn't fun. Some people say they could never breastfeed a child with teeth and they have bitten me a handful of times if he's been falling asleep.
“Of course, there are trolls who offer unsolicited opinions and tell me I'm wrong for nursing still and that I'm enabling bad behaviour on my son's part.
“There are even some men who find it sexual and send me graphic photos.
“I've had people call me a 'freak' and had men say it's 'sexy' and that my son is 'lucky'.”
They said: “I breastfed my son at first because I knew it was good for him, but it was painful and awkward at first.
“I saw how healthy they were and how they were growing.
“'Like everyone tells you, it gets better with time, patience and practice.
“We take it day by day, and as long as it works for both of us we'll continue to breastfeed. But it is getting more uncomfortable as they get older and bigger now.”
Another issue Becky has encountered is other people's reaction to their extended breastfeeding, and added that some women have criticised them for keeping it up this long.
They said: "Mums are told that we must breastfeed our babies, but it's considered wrong if we breastfeed for more than a year or so.
"I try to remind myself that no one besides myself, my husband and our paediatrician know what is best for Archer."
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Rob McKenzie, PhD, Professor at East Stroudsburg University signs an agent deal with EA Kroll Productions in December of 2016 for their latest manuscript and book.
Author Rob McKenzie, PhD
Contact
EA Kroll Productions
***@eakrollproductions.com EA Kroll Productions
End
-- ~About Rob McKenzie:Rob McKenzie, Ph.D., is the Chairperson and a Professor of Communication at East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania, where they have taught for 25 years. They teach Radio Practicum, Introduction to Mass Media, Critical Perspectives on Social Media Use, and Comparative Media (which they have also taught in several countries including the UK, France, Mexico, China and this coming summer in Sweden).He is also the Advisor to WESS Radio (90.3 FM), recipient of the MTV Woodie Award in 2014 for being the "best college radio station in the country." McKenzie is host of three radio shows: Rhythm Rock, The Talk Show, and the Stones Hour. McKenzie has seen the Rolling Stones in concert over a dozen times dating back to 1982. They have seen them in Las Vegas, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Toronto, Montreal and Copenhagen.His research focus has been mainly in international media. They have published over a dozen journal articles, delivered dozens of paper presentations at conferences, and written the book, Comparing Media from Around the World (Allyn and Bacon, 2006). Because of their research, they were hired as a consultant for the US Embassy in Mexico City, and the US Consulate in Juarez City, Mexico. McKenzie's most recent research publication, which they co-authored with their wife, Kelly McKenzie, is called "Role Depictions of Women and Men in CCTV News," and is coming out in the China Media Research journal in early 2017.He has branched out of academic writing to produce a manuscript called Rounding Some Corners, which is a humorous collection of columns examining life's oddball ironies. Each column is designed to have double meanings getting the reader to puzzle out what the columns are about. The result is that readers gain a sometimes shocking appreciation for and examination of life's seemingly mundane circumstances. The first volume of Rounding Some Corners is complete, and they plan on writing other volumes to serialize Rounding Some Corners.McKenzie is the son of British parents. Their father was Scottish and their mother is English. McKenzie is married to Kelly McKenzie, a professor in the Department of Academic Enrichment and Learning at ESU. McKenzie has two children: Fiona, 19 years old, and Gordon, 16 years old.EA Kroll Productions will be working closely with McKenzie on their latest manuscripts along with social media.More info about Rob McKenzie at:About EA Kroll Productions:Erik A. Kroll, founder of EA Kroll Productions, began their career in the entertainment business in 1986 when they were just 16 years old as the public relations director for a Pennsylvania-based theater company. They have promoted and managed dozens of bands, acoustic acts and events throughout the United States. In 2013 Erik became a member of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, "NARAS" The Recording Academy/The Grammy's 597926-NWA68HZ3. In 2016 they became a member of the Public Relations Society of America (PRSA)At EA Kroll Productions we embrace the highest standards for excellence by providing our clients with innovative personal attention. We represent artists who have a strong sense of personal responsibility and a desire to benefit from the synergy of a team approach. We value ethical business practices and strive to create relationships built on trust. Our creative, results-oriented strategies are designed to guide and encourage our clients to achieve their individual career goals. We are committed to treating our artists with respect and enthusiasm.www.eakrollproductions.com
LPC: Securus LBO debt structure dampens investor demand
NEW YORK, June 14 Some institutional investors are dismissing the debt package backing Securus Technologies' US$1.7bn leveraged buyout due to a first-out revolving credit facility, even as thin dealflow and favorable prison policies under the Trump administration position the provider of inmate telecom and ancillary services to turn the page on its choppy history in the leveraged loan market.
Saudi Arabia's Sedco Capital launches green investment strategy
June 15 Saudi Arabia's Sedco Capital said on Thursday it has launched an investment strategy combining environment-conscious and sharia-compliant principles, as Islamic financial firms gradually embrace socially responsible investing.
AUSTIN — I am writing in an airbnb in Austin and sweating to the devil because of the tannins in this red wine that have fully infiltrated my system. I apologize. This was supposed to be a story about Golf Channel's WGC-Dell Match Play Selection Show , which I told a PGA Tour higher-up was a good idea to write about, and which I still believe.
A different PGA Tour higher-up is to blame for my present state because in the moment, all I wanted was water. We were on the second floor of the Kimpton Hotel Van Zandt here in Texas' state capital—plush leather couches, a fireplace with extra logs on either side, chandeliers seemingly made from old trombones and carpet of a reddish-brown that is perhaps burnt umber or perhaps burgundy or perhaps cordovan—just outside the banquet hall that played host to the selection show. I asked the higher-up where a soul could find the most natural liquid substance on planet Earth, having seen several stations offering red wine, white wine, liquor and an assortment of cheap beer. Unlike every other golf-media environment I'd experienced, water, however, seemed to be scarce.
“There's only booze here.”
One of the strengths (or weaknesses) of these sorts of men is that you can never tell if they're telling the truth or lying, so inscrutable are there expressions. So, I decided I should quench my thirst with the best possible compromise, Michelob Ultra. But that didn't quite do the job, and still lacking water, I moved on next to the red wine offering, Cabernet Sauvignon courtesy of William Hill, Central Coast rivalry. (I'm reading the label now from the bottle I stole from the event, opener included). This may be good wine, or it may be bad, I frankly have no idea. But I can say for certain that the PGA Tour tricked me into the state of tranquility from which I now write this recap.
Because of these tannins, I'm saying, all I have for you are disjointed thoughts, which I hope are acceptable.
1. The crowd for this event, about 500 strong, standing-room only in the Van Zandt auditorium, consisted mostly of people who I'm convinced had never visited Austin before in their lives. Let me say a bit about Austin—walking through the city on Monday afternoon was like visiting a friend who had just entertained 99 straight guests, and was now welcoming you as the 100th. In other words, it was worn out. The South by Southwest Festival had just ended, which is the biggest show the city puts on each year. What's more—you may have missed this—there's a terrorist at work in this city, and the chief of police just called them a “serial bomber.” Things are very strange in Austin now. I spoke to a police officer at the Van Zandt who told me he's getting calls from friends in London about this, and that a big part of their day is now taken up with calls from people receiving “suspicious” packages. All very understandable. And all of it making the timing of this selection show particularly weird. Not to mention that the crowd itself, full of gingham shirts beneath jackets, looked like the full assortment of Austin citizens who wouldn't fit in at South by Southwest, and were herded for this otherness and ushered to the Van Zandt hotel for one night only.
2. Brandel Chamblee and Tim Rosaforte were in their positions behind their desk on stage at least 45 minutes before the show began, and I'm still not entire able to figure out why. Eventually, they were joined by Todd Lewis in the interview chair (stage right), John Mutch behind the resplendent, glowing ping-pong balls (downstage center) and host Ryan Burr. I thought Burr had the best jacket of the bunch, a lovely gray number with a pattern that I'm going to cautiously call “Glen Urquhart plaid.” When I quizzed the two lovely Dell employees to my left about who wore the best jacket, one of them adamantly agreed that it was Burr. (The other, clearly a philistine, chose Rosaforte's plain-blue number.)
3. The most impressive moment of the night came when Burr soundlessly began the show, speaking to the crowd in unintelligible, emphatic sentences as a four-piece band totally drowned them out from their right. We had been encouraged by a producer to applaud, and so we did, but still we couldn't hear a word from Burr. What I realized, though, is that the television audience at home could pick up every word, and even if Burr couldn't hear themselves think, and even if we couldn't hear a syllable, they had to continue as though they were being received loud and clear by millions. I can't imagine pulling off that performative feat with zero feedback—it's like a tightrope walk without a net, blindfolded—but Burr seemed to nail it. It was one of those small moments where a mere mortal could witness their competence and say, “Oh, yes … TV is hard, isn't it?”
4. The biggest reaction of the night? Jordan Spieth vs. Patrick Reed, baby! I'm going to write so much more about this, and I'm going to stalk them like an obsessive when they play on Friday, the duo landing together in Group 4. Seriously, what a draw that was! The drama of that revelation singlehandedly justified the entire show.
Pinterest Stan Badz/PGA Tour The great match-play team of Reed and Spieth will become rivals trying to claw out Group 4.
5. You want to know the main difference between someone who knows how to carry themselves on TV versus a civilian? It's all in the arms. Michael Dell—CEO, and boss of nearly all 500 spectators in the room—took the stage to help announce the first two groups, and the entire time they were in front of the cameras, they held their arms at their side as though God had just bestowed the two appendages and Dell had no clue how to manage them. I saw the film crew—the brilliant techies who I barely noticed until a camera swooped over my head in the back row—shot them from about navel-upward, which was an act of generosity. Because below that, their arms hung limp and useless, while the TV pros around them seemed to know exactly how to handle their upper limbs. Arms are the great divider, my friend, between the TV haves and have-nots.
6. Pat Perez is a brilliant man to interview and should be on TV as much as possible. I managed to stagger my way into the media room after their appearance on the show was done, and in the 30 seconds of private interview I saw, they managed to explain the uselessness of “chirping” at truly great players—“they end up asking you how many majors you've won, how many Ryder Cup teams you've been on, and you realize you have nothing.” They then proceeded to explain why they have so much fun chirping at Dustin Johnson (that explanation was a single gesture—a hand flying over their own head, with a verbal “whoosh”).
Pinterest Gregory Shamus/Getty Images Perez shares a laugh with Sergio Garcia at the 2018 WGC-Mexico Championship.
7. I wrote “great big stiff” in my notebook before Roger Clemens even took the stage as one of the celebrity guests. I was right.
8. Overall, I must say, I enjoyed the show very much. Pat Perez was funny. Tommy Fleetwood, wearing an unbuttoned black palm tree Hawaiian shirt over a black T-shirt, was funny. Todd Lewis sounded a bit hoarse, but gave solid interviews. Rosaforte and Chamblee had solid analysis, aside from the inexplicable time when Chamblee said we were in the most exciting year since 1975, back when the great players “were naming every river and mountain.” (One day, if they will talk to me, I would like to ask them what that meant.)
9. I had an embarrassing fan boy moment with Luke Wilson, after they had presented, when I shook their hand and told them how much I appreciated their movies with Wes Anderson, and they blew me off in the most polite way possible.
10. Burr got a huge laugh when they called Ian Poulter “the match play ninja,” and so they tried it twice more, with diminishing returns. But their first attempt was so successful that I've decided to pick Poulter, against all odds, as my 2018 WGC-Match Play champ.
Now, time for some Cabarnet.
Pinterest Matt Sullivan Poulter is a match-play wonder every two years at the Ryder Cup. Why can't that mean success in Austin?
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
March 28 ITC Corp Ltd:
* Chau mei wah, rosanna has been redesignated from deputy chairperson and managing director to deputy chairperson and executive director
* Suen cho hung, paul has been appointed as managing director
* Chan kwok keung, charles ceased to be chairperson of company upon their resignation as an executive director
* Suen cho hung, paul has been appointed chairperson Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
He's going to release two discs filled with Christmas classics for the festive season.
Strictly Come Dancing hopeful Reverend Richard Coles is returning to their musical career after 30 years away from the studio.
The former Communards pop duo member will release a collection of their favourite festive tracks performed by the likes of Aled Jones, Placido Domingo, Leonard Bernstein and a number of choirs.
Previously known for the band's 1980s hits Don't Leave Me This Way and Never Can Say Goodbye, the 55-year-old discovered a passion for music during their early years as a chorister.
The Reverend Richard Coles with Dianne Buswell on Strictly Come Dancing (Guy Levy/BBC/PA)
Their two-disc record, which includes songs such as We Three Kings, O Holy Night and We Wish You A Merry Christmas, will hit UK shelves on December 1.
The clergyman's involvement in the compilation adds to a busy schedule for the musician-turned-priest, who will this weekend perform in the movie-themed round of the BBC One dance contest with professional dance partner Dianne Buswell.
While their technical skills have failed to see them top the programme's leaderboard so far, they have delighted viewers with their enthusiasm, humour and witty social media commentary.
I realise I am the only one who rehearses in brogues #Strictly pic.twitter.com/6qajSRDfpf — Richard Coles (@RevRichardColes) October 6, 2017
During Friday's studio rehearsals, they tweeted a picture of their co-stars' feet and wrote: “I realise I am the only one who rehearses in brogues.”
Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One at 6.35pm on Saturday.
© Press Association 2017
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: A British Petroleum petrol station logo is seen at Heathrow in London, Britain February 2, 2010. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
HOUSTON Two crude distillation units are expected back to normal production levels by Friday night at BP Plc's (BP.L) 413,500 barrels per day (bpd) Whiting, Indiana, refinery, sources familiar with plant operations said on Friday.
The CDUs, Pipestills 11A and 11C, which can both process 75,000 bpd in crude oil, were near normal production levels early on Friday, the sources said. Production on Pipestills 11A and 11C was cut back for work on Thursday to an electrical substation.
The refinery's production dipped below 90 percent of capacity on Thursday because of the work.
CDUs do the initial refining of crude oil coming into a refinery and provide feed to all other units.
(Reporting by Erwin Seba; editing by G Crosse, Bernard Orr)
ZURICH, April 13 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.03 percent higher at 8,666 points on Thursday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
UBS
UBS Wealth Management Americas named Mark Sanborn as head of capital markets & sales, according to an internal memo obtained by Reuters.
For more news, click
SWISS RE
The world's second-largest reinsurer has estimated its claims burden from Cyclone Debbie in Australia at around $350 million.
For more news, click
GAM HOLDING
Activist investor RBR said proxy advisor Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) is supporting its recommendations that shareholders vote for the election of Kasia Robinski and Rudolf Bohli at GAM Holding's upcoming annual general meeting as well as for the removal of incumbent nominee Diego du Monceau. "While we are not endorsing the dissident's turnaround plan, we recognize that the dissident has made a compelling case that change at the board level is warranted," ISS said in a report, sent to media by RBR. "The primary issue to be addressed is the company's operating performance."
For more news, click
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* ChemChina said it has extended the tender offers to purchase all publicly held registered shares of Syngenta and all outstanding American Depositary Shares representing Common Shares and that the offer periods will end on May 4, 2017.
* Zurich Insurance said it had completed the acquisition of Cover-More.
* Kuros Biosciences named commercialization veteran and life science executive Ivan Cohen-Tanugi as its Chief Executive Officer of Kuros.
* Gurit reported a 0.4 percent sales decline to 87.4 million Swiss francs in the first quarter of 2017. Factoring out currency effects, sales rose 3.6 percent.
* Tornos Holding said the first quarter of 2017 saw a sharp rise in demand for Tornos products and that shareholders approved all proposals of the Board of Directors at the company's annual general meeting.
* Flughafen Zuerich said 2,195,583 passengers were handled at Zurich Airport in March, up 6.4 percent versus the previous year.
* Alpine Select AG said it will not propose a further dividend payment to the ordinary shareholders' meeting of May 22.
* Nebag AG posted full-year profit of 10.32 million Swiss francs, up from 2.54 million francs in the previous year.
* Schindler said it will present Schindler Ahead, which it said will serve as a platform for the development of new smart products and services, at the Hanover Industrial Fair 2017.
ECONOMY
* Swiss producer and import prices for March released at 0715 GMT (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
May 3 U.S. refiner HollyFrontier Corp reported a quarterly loss, compared with a year-ago profit, hurt by a 61 percent rise in operating costs.
Net loss attributable to the company's shareholders was $45.5 million, or 26 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of $21.3 million, or 12 cents per share, a year earlier.
The latest quarter included $12.0 million of one-time charges.
(Reporting by Muvija M in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
May 3 Two Harbors Investment Corp:
* Two Harbors Investment Corp reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Reported qtrly book value of $9.91 per common share
* Qtrly reported core earnings of $95.0 million, or $0.27 per weighted average common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Plant of the Week: Maximilian Sunflower
When we think of wildflowers in Texas our minds turn toward bluebonnets, paintbrushes, Indian blankets and other spring bloomers. But there's another entire season of wildflowers, and it's happening around us right now. I thought I'd share one of my favorites.
I met Maximilian sunflower 40 years ago when we moved to rural Collin County. We moved into our house in late September, and it was marking our county road like golden sentinels. It was waving in the breeze as if to say, “Hi! Glad to have you here with us.”
Continued Below
Advertisement
It's a true sunflower, Helianthus maximiliani, and it grows to 4 to 6 feet tall (sometimes taller when found in moist ditches). Its flowers are borne on vertical stems, although with fall rains and winds, they may lean as they age. They come into bloom in August, and flowers may appear well into October. A lot of it depends on the season and the locale.
Many of our wildflower sunflowers are annuals, meaning they grow, bloom and die all in one season. This one, however, is perennial. Once you get it started it will be with you for years. Because of its size you'll want to use it along a fence line or in the back of the flower garden where it won't overpower its near neighbors.
Oh, and you won't be the only one enjoying this plant. Bees and butterflies flock to it, and birds will be waiting for its seeds to mature.
When I showed this plant on my Facebook page a few days ago several people asked about sources of seed. I just did a Web search using these key words: “buy seeds Helianthus maximiliani.” That search turned up a bunch of good matches. You will have no trouble locating the seeds. Plant them in the spring.
Posted by Neil Sperry
VANCOUVER (miningweekly.com) – Global mining and construction equipment manufacturer Caterpillar has reported record first-quarter profit as strength in many of its end markets and a strong emphasis on cost control boosted margins.
The Deerfield, Illinois-based company reported adjusted profit of $2.82 – up 120% compared with $1.28 a share a year earlier. This beat the average analyst forecast for earning $2.07 a share by a wide margin.
Advertisement
Revenues for the three-month period ended March 31 also jumped 31.63% year-over-year to $12.9-billion, compared with $9.8-billion in the comparable period of 2017.
Caterpillar increased its full-year profit outlook by $2 to a range of $9.75 to $10.75 a share, on the back of strong and growing demand for its products and services. The company advised that the outlook includes about $400-million of restructuring costs – unchanged from the previous January outlook. The revised outlook range for adjusted profit is $10.25 to $11.25 a share, Caterpillar said.
Advertisement
The company cited better-than-expected sales volume as the main driver of the raised profit outlook, with higher volume expected across the three primary business segments when compared with the prior outlook. The business units comprise the construction industries, the resource industries and the energy and transportation unit.
The manufacturer pointed out that improved price realisation is expected to be partially offset by material cost increases, as a result of higher commodity prices. However, despite the anticipated increase in volume, the company expects period costs, excluding a short-term incentive compensation expense, to be in line with the previous outlook.
Caterpillar expects global economic confidence and higher commodity price levels to prompt miners to increase capital expenditures in 2018, for both equipment replacement cycles and expansions. Higher machine utilisation levels should also support aftermarket parts growth. Strong global demand for commodities is also expected to be a positive for heavy construction and quarry and aggregate customers, the company said.
Cat Financial also reported first-quarter financial result on Tuesday, saying revenues jumped $28-million to $690-million, an increase of 4%, compared with the first quarter of 2017. Profit was 21% lower year-on-year at $91-million.
Despite a somewhat bloody first quarter for Caterpillar's NYSE-listed equity, the stock had gained about 70% in value to $157 apiece on Tuesday, since it reached a low of about $90 a share in early 2017. Shares jumped as much as 4.6% in early trading on Tuesday to $161.10 apiece, before falling back to $155.62 a share by noon.
D.R. Horton Inc's (DHI.N) quarterly profit edged past estimates on Thursday but concerns about the resilience of a recovery in the U.S. housing market weighed on the company's shares.
The largest U.S. homebuilder's shares were down 2.8 percent in afternoon trading, dragging peers including Lennar Corp (LEN.N) and PulteGroup Inc (PHM.N) lower.
Several analysts estimated that the number of homes sold by D.R. Horton could potentially slow in the second half of the year.
"Shares are trading modestly lower on decelerating growth in the back half as the increased 2017 guidance mainly reflects fiscal 2Q outperformance," Keefe, Bruyette & Woods analyst Jade Rahmani wrote in a client note.
The recovery in the U.S. homebuilding sector has been clouded this year by stagnant wages and higher interest rates. While annual wage growth has remained firmly below 3 percent, mortgage rates are expected to climb.
Homebuilders have also been struggling with limited supply and a shortage of labor.
A string of weak housing data in recent weeks has also weighed on the sector. Single-family homebuilding, which accounts for the largest share of the residential housing market, fell 6.2 percent in March.
The company's second-quarter results, however, were largely positive, heading into the crucial spring selling season.
Orders, a key indicator of future revenue for homebuilders, rose 13.8 percent to 13,991 homes in the second quarter ended March 31, D.R. Horton said.
The company sold 10,685 homes in the quarter, up from 9,262 in the year-earlier period.
Sales of new U.S. single-family homes - the kind D.R. Horton specializes in - touched a seven-month high in February.
The Fort Worth, Texas-based company raised its 2017 revenue forecast to $13.6 billion-$14.0 billion from $13.4 billion-$13.8 billion.
D.R. Horton said it expects to sell 44,500-46,000 homes, compared with its previous forecast of 43,500-45,500.
CFRA analyst Ken Leon played down the stock movement.
"It (stock movement) is an overreaction to extrapolating a slower growth in the second half, but that may not be the case."
Net income rose to $229.2 million, or 60 cents per share, in the quarter, from $195.1 million, or 52 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
Home sales rose 17.6 percent to $3.16 billion.
Analysts expected profit of 59 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Edited by Martina D'Couto and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Guwahati: Famous Assamese singer Zubeen Garg has been sentenced to three months in jail in an assault case. A fine of five thousand has also been slapped on the singer.The singer, who is considered as a heart-throb among young generation has been held guilty for slapping a minor in 2013 for smoking in public.The victim was a son of an advocate, Arup Borabora.Speaking on the same, their advocate told media that “"This case was filed under three IPC sections- 323, 341 and 506. They have been proved not guilty under section 341. The singer has been sentenced to three months jail and penalty of Rs 5000 under Sections 323 and 506”.“We have accepted the judgment with respect and have planned to appeal before the Higher Court, which is, Sessions Judge Court," Garg's advocate added.
WASHINGTON, April 28 The U.S. Congress passed and sent to President Donald Trump legislation to pay for federal government operations through May 5 and avoid agency shutdowns that otherwise would have begun on Saturday.
The Senate approved the one-week extension of funding that the House of Representatives approved earlier on Friday. The legislation gives Congress another week to craft a deal on how approximately $1 trillion will be spent through Sept. 30, the end of the current fiscal year. (Reporting By Amanda Becker and Richard Cowan; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
EDINBURGH May 2 The gas leak at chemicals firm Ineo has been contained, Police Scotland said on Tuesday.
"(Police) can confirm that the incident has been contained on site and expert personnel are in attendance," it said in a statement.
Ineos said earlier that the emergency services were dealing with a gas leak in a pipeline inside its large Grangemouth site in Scotland, forcing the evacuation of non-essential staff. (Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary, editing by Elizabeth Piper)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
This is the largest gathering of experts in the world on the afterlife. The Symposium brings together 25 top researchers and educators in afterlife communication, end-of-life activities, and the new spirituality to provide insights and training in afterlife communication. "There is an urgent need to educate the public on what the evidence shows really happens when we cross over, and the implications of that for how we live our lives." - Victor Zammit, Retired Attorney, Researcher, Author.
Media Contact
Kathleen Malone, Sundance On Success, 602-799-1617
kathleen@sundanceonsuccess.com Kathleen Malone, Sundance On Success, 602-799-1617
End
-- "The AREI bridges science and spirituality in life, death, and the afterlife. At the Symposium we'll be helping people make connections with deceased loved ones; teaching the best methods for making comfortable and uplifting end-of-this-life transitions;exploring life between lives and pre-birth planning; and investigating the meaning of life." ~ R. Craig Hogan, President, AREI.Come to this symposium if you:• Want to connect with your loved ones in the afterlife• Are someone who could help others connect with their loved ones• Need the skills you will learn to help people in grief or help people preparing for their own transitions• Are a researcher, educator, or developer in afterlife communication, end-of-this-life activities, and spirituality who wants to network with others and use what you learn to advance your work• Are curious and eager to explore these beautiful, eternal truthsFeatured at this symposium are George Noory, host of the nationally syndicated program, Coast to Coast AM, Dr. Gary Schwartz, world-renowned Professor and Director of the Laboratory for Advances in Consciousness and Health at the University of Arizona at Tucson and Suzanne Giesemann, retired U.S. Navy Commander turned Evidential Medium, Spiritual Teacher and the author of 10 best-selling books.Also presenting are Roberta Grimes, business attorney, five-times best-selling author, and afterlife researcher; and Victor and Wendy Zammit, co-authors of Aand. World-renowned Evidence-Based Medium, Spiritual Teacher and Author Susanne Wilson will also join more than 25 Experts whose lives are devoted to helping people develop their spiritual understanding through afterlife connections.AREI has arranged special 2-room-suite-rates, an optional tour of magical Sedona, workshops, five tested evidential mediums for private readings, and two optional banquets featuring keynote speakers and gallery readings for attendees from around the world.Details:Afterlife Research and Education SymposiumSeptember 15-17, 2017, Embassy Suites, Scottsdale, AZRegistration:About AREI:The Afterlife Research and Education Institute is dedicated to supporting the research, development, education, and practice on the earth plane that will enable the teams working in the other realms to guide us into discovering and using the methods of communication they are developing. The Afterlife Institute is a resource for all things Afterlife and Life After Life activities here: http://afterlifeinstitute.org/
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
April 10 Union Medical Healthcare Ltd:
* Group expects to record an increase of no less than 40 pct in total sales contracts for year ended 31 March 2017
* Expected result was mainly due to group's elevated level of services and expanded service mix leading to increase in customers' purchase Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Maxi-Cash Financial Services Corporation Ltd:
* S$50mln 5.50 percent. Notes due 2020 to be issued by co. Pursuant to its S$300mln multicurrency medium term note programme
* Series 001 notes will be issued at an issue price of 100 per cent. of their principal amount
* Series 001 notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.50 per cent
* Net proceeds from issue of notes will be used for refinancing or repayment of existing borrowings & financing of investments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Viper Energy Partners LP
* Viper Energy Partners LP, a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc., reports first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Viper Energy Partners LP says increasing full year 2017 production guidance to 8,500 to 9,500 boe/d
* Viper Energy Partners LP says during Q1 of 2017, company recorded total operating income of $33.7 million and net income of $20.7 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
'Nancy,' Muppet Babies Artist, Nashville Resident To Be Honored At Wizard World Comic Con Nashville, September 8 As Fifth Recipient
Guy Gilchrist - Muppet Babies
Media Contact
Jerry Milani
646-883-5022
pr@wizardworld.com Jerry Milani646-883-5022
End
-- Guy Gilchrist, who has drawn the iconic "Nancy" comic strip since 1995, was today named the fifth honoree in the Wizard World Hall of Legends, a new initiative to celebrate the artists, writers and insiders who have built the industry and those who continue the traditions. Gilchrist will receive the award at a ceremony at Wizard World Comic Con Nashville on Friday, September 8, at 7 p.m. on the main entertainment stage at the Music City Center.At the age of 24, Guy was hand-selected to create Jim Henson's Muppets comic strip, which was printed worldwide in 660-plus newspapers daily from 1981 to 1986. Throughout the years, they have set their hand to such beloved properties as "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles," "Looney Tunes," "Tom & Jerry," "Tiny Toons," "Jim Henson's Fraggle Rock," "The Pink Panther" and "Minnie Mouse," and was instrumental in the creation of "The Muppet Babies."Guy's iconic "Muppets" artwork was enshrined in the Smithsonian Institute in Washington, D.C., as symbolic of a National Treasure in 1984 after they were Guest of Honor at the White House.This year marks Gilchrist's twenty-second year drawing Nancy, their Aunt Fritzi, and of course....Sluggo. Syndicated internationally in 80 countries and some 400 newspapers, "Nancy" has a viewership of 57 million readers around the world.A strong supporter of charities and children, Gilchrist has been honored for their contributions by Vanderbilt Hospital, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Hartford Children's Medical Center, Shriners Hospitals, and The Angelus. An active supporter and voice for the military and veterans' causes, Gilchrist has been honored by the armed forces and veterans organizations for their support and work.''I am touched to have been selected by Wizard World to join the distinguished list of honorees," said Gilchrist. "I am especially gratified that I am able to receive this honor in my hometown.""Guy Gilchrist is a worthy and strong addition to the Wizard World Hall of Legends," said John D. Maatta, Wizard World President and CEO. "He has thrilled millions with their work on huge franchises like The Muppets and Nancy, and they have shown a deep commitment to children's causes and charities."Gilchrist joins Rob Liefeld, creator of the popular Cable, Deadpool, X-Force and Youngblood franchises, Trina Robbins, the first woman to draw "Wonder Woman," Jeff Smith, creator of the famed comic book series Bone, and Mike Grell, 'Green Arrow' and Green Lantern' artist, as previous Wizard World Hall of Legends honorees.The Wizard World Hall of Legends initiative, which will honor one or more figures from the comics world at each convention, is one in a series of enhancements that Wizard World is making in the comics area. Artist Alley in Nashville features a standout lineup of creators, including Gerhard ("Cerebus"), Arthur Suydam ("Marvel Zombies," "The Walking Dead"), Joe Casey ("Ben 10," "Generator Rex"), Tom Bancroft ("Mulan," "Beauty and the Beast"), James O'Barr ("The Crow"), Alex de Campi ("No Mercy," "Archie vs. Predator"), Steve Geiger ("Punisher,""Spider-Man"), Phil Ortiz ("The Simpsons," "Muppet Babies"), Tom Cook ("Masters of the Universe," "Smurfs"), Kurt Lehner ("Gargoyles,""Marvel Action Hour") and many others.Comics creators at Wizard World Comic Cons are engaging with fans more than ever. The Creative Stage, active throughout every show, provides attendees additional opportunities to interact with artists and writers, with demonstrations, interactive Q&As, informative discussions, art raffles and auctions, learn-to-draw instruction and more.Wizard World Comic Con events bring together thousands of fans of all ages to celebrate the best in pop culture: movies, television, gaming, live entertainment, comics, sci-fi, graphic novels, toys, original art, collectibles, contests and more. The 11th event scheduled on the 2017 Wizard World calendar, Nashville show hours are Friday, September 8, 4-9 p.m.; Saturday, September 9, 10 a.m.-7 p.m.; Sunday, September 10, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Kids 10 and under are admitted free with paid adult.Wizard World Comic Con Nashville is also the place for cosplay, with fans young and old showing off their best costumes throughout the event. Fans dressed as every imaginable character – and some never before dreamed – will roam the convention floor and participate in the famed Wizard World Costume Contest on Saturday evening.For more on the 2017 Wizard World Nashville, visit www.wizardworld.com/comiccon/nashville.About Wizard World (OTCBB:WIZD)Wizard World, Inc. ( www.wizardworld.com ) produces comic, gaming and pop culture conventions across North America that celebrate the best in pop culture: movies, television, gaming, live entertainment, comics, sci-fi, graphic novels, toys, original art, collectibles, contests and more. A first-class lineup of topical programming and entertainment takes place at each event, with celebrity Q&A's, comics-themed sessions, costume contests, movie screenings, evening parties and more. Fans can interact with Wizard World on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and other social media services.The 2017 Wizard World convention schedule is available at: http://www.wizardworld.com/ comiccon
May 2 Acrux Ltd
* U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has instituted an inter partes review (IPR) proceeding filed by Acrux against U.S. Patent no. 7,214,506
* Patent relates to methods of using various antifungal compounds, including efinaconazole, for treatment of onychomycosis
* U.S. Patent No. 7,214,506 is owned by Kaken Pharmaceutical Co Ltd. and licensed to Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
UPDATE 1-Raízen set to win auction for two sugar mills in Brazil - creditor
São Paulo, June 14 Brazil's Raízen Energia SA, the world's largest sugar maker, is set to win on Friday a judicial auction for two sugar mills owned by Tonon Bioenergia SA, having made the highest bid, a manager at a group of cane producers told Reuters on Wednesday.
BRUSSELS, March 30 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- Buyout firm Lone Star to acquire German building materials maker Xella from private equity firm PAI Partners and funds managed by Goldman Sachs' investment arm (approved March 29)
-- UK property developer Segro and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board to jointly acquire three logistics operations in Italy (approved March 29)
-- French real estate asset management company Amundi Immobilier, which is part of French bank Credit Agricole , and French social protection services provider Malakoff Mederic to acquire joint control of German property developer TAS Kapstadtring (approved March 29)
NEW LISTINGS
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
MARCH 31
-- German synthetic rubber maker Lanxess AG to acquire U.S. specialty chemical company Chemtura (notified Feb. 24/deadline March 31)
APRIL 4
-- U.S. computer and printer maker Hewlett Packard to acquire South Korean group Samsung Electronics' printer business (notified Feb. 28/deadline April 4)
APRIL 7
-- Engie Group French banking group BPCE to acquire a 49.9 percent stake in renewable energy companies LCS 4 and LCS (notified March 3/deadline April 7/simplified)
-- Twenty-First Century Fox to acquire the rest of European pay-TV company Sky it does not own (notified March 3/deadline April 7)
APRIL 10
-- Danish container shipping company Maersk to acquire German peer Hamburg Sud (notified Feb. 20/deadline extended to April 10 from March 27 after commitments submitted)
APRIL 11
-- Private equity firm Partners Group to acquire European operator of clinical pathology laboratory operator Cerba Healthcare from PAI Partners (notified March 7/deadline April 11/simplified)
APRIL 12
-- U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins to acquire aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace (notified March 8/deadline April 12)
-- U.S. car part supplier Lear to acquire Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business (notified March 8/deadline April 12/simplified)
-- Dutch insurer NN Group to acquire Dutch rival Group Delta Lloyd (notified Feb. 22/deadline extended to April 12 from March 29 after the Dutch competition regulator asked to examine the deal)
-- Chinese state-owned company China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) to acquire Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta (notified Sept. 23/deadline extended to April 12)
APRIL 18
-- Megatrend European Holdings, which is part of property investment company TH Real Estate, and German insurer Allianz to jointly acquire Finnish company NRF which owns Helsinki-based Kamppi Shopping Centre (notified March 9/deadline April 18)
-- German cement producers Heidelbergcement and Schwenk to jointly acquire Mexican peer Cemex's Croatian unit (notified Sept. 5/deadline extended to April 18 from March 23)
APRIL 19
-- Private equity firm Advent International to acquire biometrics and security business Morpho from French aerospace group Safran (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
-- Private equity firm 3i, Dutch asset manager APG and Danish pension fund ATP to acquire a portfolio of European infrastructure companies from EISER (notified March 10/April 19/simplified)
-- Britain's Rolls-Royce to acquire the remaining 53.1 percent stake in Spanish aircraft engine and components maker Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
APRIL 21
-- French utility Engie to acquire UK property developer Keepmoat Regeneration HOldings (notified March 14/deadline April 21/simplified)
APRIL 24
-- French media company Bollore to acquire control of French company Vivendi (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- France's Group Credit Mutuel and French bank BNP Paribas to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- Bollore Energy, which is part of French group Bollore , and Total Marketing France, which is part of French energy company Total, to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24/simplified)
APRIL 25
-- Private equity firm CVC to acquire Polish retailer Zabka Polska (notified March 16/deadline April 25/simplified)
APRIL 26
-- Investment company Ardian to acquire the majority of France's Prosol, an operator of Grand Frais grocery stores (notified March 17/deadline April 26/simplified)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline April 26)
-- Swiss pharmaceutical supplier Lonza Group to acquire U.S. capsule maker Capsugel from private equity firm KKE & Co LP (notified March 17/deadline April 26)
MAY 2
-- Italian energy company Duferco Energia to acquire a business unit from Italian electricity company Energhe S.p.A. (notified March 22/deadline May 2/simplified)
MAY 4
-- Private investment firm KKR & Co. to acquire travel company Travelopia Holdings Ltd and Travelopia USA Inc. (notified March 24/ deadline May 4/simplified)
MAY 5
-- Japan's Panasonic Corporation to acquire Spanish auto parts maker Ficosa International (notified March 27/deadline May 5)
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 8
-- Swiss car importer Emil Frey France to acquire French car parts distributor PGA Group SAS from German carmaker Volkswagen Group (notified March 28/deadline May 8/simplified)
MAY 12
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
Pop superstar Taylor Swift broke down in tears Monday during the closing arguments in their civil trial alleging that a former radio DJ groped them before a 2013 concert.
The singer turned away from the public gallery to wipe their eyes as Gabriel McFarland, the lawyer for David Mueller, questioned whether their client would have any reason to assault the star.
“I don't know what kind of person grabs or gropes a music superstar, but it's not that guy,” McFarland told the federal court in Denver.
They repeatedly said the singer was wrong in their assertion that Mueller had stuck their hand under their skirt and “grabbed their bare ass cheek” during a meet-and-greet before Swift's gig at the Pepsi Center.
The singer's mother, Andrea Swift, had tears in their eyes during the session as they handed their daughter tissues.
Swift alleges that Mueller fondled their buttocks during a pre-gig photo opportunity. Them aides complained to the DJ's radio station at the time and they lost their job.
Mueller launched a $3 million lawsuit against Swift for loss of earnings, arguing it was their allegations that had got them sacked, while the popstar counter-sued for sexual assault.
US District Judge William Martinez scaled back the case on Friday, ruling that there was no evidence for Mueller to be entitled to damages from Swift personally.
Martinez said, however, it was possible a jury could award Mueller damages for Swift's staff interfering with their employment contract with Denver station KYGO.
The six woman, two-man jury must decide if Swift's mother and radio consultant Frank Bell are liable for damages by pressuring the station to fire him.
If the jury finds in Mueller's favor, damages will be limited to the amount they were owed in the remaining 18 months of their two-year contract.
Also pending is Taylor Swift's claim that Mueller's actions constituted sexual assault and battery.  They are seeking a nominal $1 in damages.
April 30 Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah, the FIFA Council member who also runs the Olympic Council of Asia, said on Sunday they were resigning all their posts in football after being drawn into the latest bribery scandal to hit the game's governing body.
The Kuwaiti issued a statement on Saturday "strongly" denying that they were one of the Asian Football Confederation officials described in U.S. Court documents as allegedly bribing a member of FIFA's audit and compliance committee, Richard Lai.
Lai, also president of the Guam Football Association (GFA), pleaded guilty on Thursday to wire fraud conspiracy charges before U.S. District Judge Pamela Chen in Brooklyn, according to U.S. prosecutors, who said they had taken close to $1 million in bribes.
"With regards to alleged illegal payments to Richard Lai, I can only refer to my previous statement and vigorously deny any wrongdoing," Sheikh Ahmad said in a statement released by the OCA on Sunday.
"I intend to work with all relevant authorities to disprove these for me totally surprising allegations.
"However, I do not want these allegations to create divisions or distract attention from the upcoming AFC and FIFA Congresses.
"Therefore, after careful consideration, I have decided it is in the best interests of FIFA and the AFC (Asian Football Confederation), for me to withdraw my candidacy for the FIFA Council and resign from my current football positions."
The FIFA Council replaced the largely discredited Executive Committee as FIFA's decision-making body under reforms instituted in the wake of the 2015 corruption scandal.
The AFC will elect four members, one a woman, to the FIFA Council at a congress in Bahrain in May. (Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Work on a £15m upgrade to George Best Belfast City Airport has now started as part of a major development that will see additional facilities for passengers.
Included in the upgrade are new expanded sections in the airport's departure lounge including the retail, food and bar outlets.
This phase of work is being undertaken by construction company H&J Martin Fit Out, which is now on site at the airport.
The first part of the project involves demolition works and preparation of areas for the new retail fit-out and is on schedule.
Upcoming works will include additional food and beverage outlets, new and enlarged toilet facilities in Departures, as well as more seating areas.
Announced earlier this year, the entire works will be contained within the current terminal building and will be completed by October 2018.
Chris Horner, Capital Projects and Engineering Manager at Belfast City Airport, said the work will be to high standard.
“Continually enhancing the overall passenger journey for our passengers is a major objective for Belfast City Airport and our £15m investment programme will be a key factor in delivering on this commitment,” they said.
“H&J Martin Fit Out is carrying out the main elements of the refit to the highest possible specifications and we have been working closely with the team throughout.
“Completing the preparation of the existing areas for work to begin on the refurbishment of the retail areas is a significant milestone in the project and we look forward to work progressing further as the new terminal reconfiguration takes shape.”
William Sproule, Fit Out Director at H&J Martin Fit Out, said their team were glad to be starting the project
“The H&J Martin Fit Out team is delighted to be delivering the upgrade at Belfast City Airport and we are committed to delivering a high-quality project that will enhance passenger experience for years to come,” they said.
“Works are progressing on the programme as we prepare to move onto the next stage in partnership with Belfast City Airport.”
The capital expenditure is aimed at enriching and enhancing the overall passenger journey through the airport.
There will be more than a 30% increase in retail space, with an expanded offering from World Duty Free and WH Smith.
Food and beverage facilities will be expanded by 25%, with broader choice for customers being introduced along with partner HMS Host, which operates existing facilities including the Bushmills Bar.
Additionally, customer seating will be more than doubled, as will airside customer washroom facilities, which will also be fully refurbished.
ZAGREB, April 6 The financial problems that have hit Croatia's largest food concern, Agrokor, will almost certainly have an impact on the country's gross domestic product, the central bank governor said on Thursday.
Agrokor, the biggest food producer and retailer in the Balkans with 60,000 employees, and its main creditors have hired foreign restructuring experts led by consultants Alvarez & Marsal to rescue it after it built up debts of about 45 billion kunas ($6.4 billion) - or six times its equity - during its expansion.
"The crisis in Agrokor will almost certainly have consequences on GDP," Boris Vujcic said in an interview for the Vecernji List daily.
"The (negative) effects could be particularly pronounced if we witness a disorderly way out of this situation. If the whole process gets well managed and coordinated, the consequences for GDP could be much milder," they said.
The consultants said on Wednesday the first task was to secure liquidity for Agrokor and that it was in talks with a potential creditor. Local media reported that a cash injection could amount to some 300 million euros ($319.4 million).
"We still don't know the details of (Agrokor's) restructuring process, so we can't calculate what exactly the effect on GDP could be," governor Vujcic said.
Croatia, the youngest member of the European Union, suffered six years of recession from 2009 to 2014 that wiped out more than 12 percent of its overall output, and has started recovering in the last two years.
The government is hoping for economic growth of 3.2 percent this year after a 2.9 percent expansion in 2016. Croatia needs to register faster growth to help raise funds worth almost 3.5 percent of GDP just to pay the interest on its public debt. ($1 = 7.0039 kuna, 0.9394 euro) (Reporting by Igor Ilic; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - S&P:
* S&P SAYS ISRAEL ‘A+/A-1' RATINGS AFFIRMED; OUTLOOK REMAINS POSITIVE ‍​
* S&P ON ISRAEL SAYS ANTICIPATE CONTINUED DIVERGENCE BETWEEN U.S.,OTHER STAKEHOLDERS, NOTABLY EU, ON PEACE PROCESS WITH PALESTINIAN AUTHORITIES Source text: (bit.ly/2GEsDNM)
BUDAPEST, March 28 Hungary's central bank kept its base rate on hold at 0.9 percent on Tuesday as expected, while investors focused on a possible further reduction in the size of its main three-month deposit facility in a statement due at 1300 GMT.
With the bank ruling out further cuts in its main policy rate, a cut in the deposit facility has emerged as its tool to stimulate the economy and curb market interest rates in a drive to lower borrowing costs for businesses and households.
All 20 analysts in a March 20-22 Reuters poll said the bank's base rate would stay unchanged. According to the median forecasts in the survey, the base rate will not change this year but could rise to 1.2 percent by end-2018. (Reporting by Krisztina Than and Gergely Szakacs)
BRUSSELS EU regulators will decide by June 9 whether to clear smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm's (QCOM.O) $38 billion takeover of NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI.O), with rivals voicing concerns about continued access to key NXP technology after the deal.
Qualcomm, which supplies chips to Android phone makers and Apple Inc (AAPL.O), would become the leading supplier to the fast-growing automotive chips market by buying NXP in the biggest semiconductor industry deal to date.
Qualcomm sought EU approval on April 28, a filing on the European Commission website showed on Monday.
The EU competition enforcer can either approve the deal with or without concessions or it can open an investigation lasting about five months if it has serious concerns.
Rivals want regulators to ensure they will still have access to NXP technology known as Mifare which is embedded in access cards for buildings and public transport, as well as mobile phones which double as electronic wallets, people familiar with the matter said.
Rival companies also want a pledge on fair licensing practices, the people said.
Qualcomm has said the two companies' businesses have little overlap but will fit together well. The U.S. antitrust watchdog cleared the deal unconditionally last month.
(Editing by David Clarke)
April 20Star Asia Investment Corp
* Says it received notice from Nomura Securities Co., Ltd., and confirms the issue of 3,400 units at 93,248 yen per unit to Nomura Securities
* Payment on April 24
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/LXYimA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Repeats with no changes)
* BT accuses former managers of breaking rules, unlawful conduct
* Italian prosecutors investigate BT Italy over accounting scam
* BT booked writedowns for 530 mln pounds due to scandal
By Emilio Parodi
MILAN, April 21 British Telecom has filed a criminal complaint with Italian prosecutors over an accounting scandal at its Italian unit and has handed them computer records and also dispatched its head of compliance to Milan to give evidence.
In the complaint, filed on March 21 and reviewed by Reuters, BT accuses several former Italy executives and other employees of breaking company rules and unlawful conduct. It comes five months after the phone company first revealed financial irregularities at BT Italy and took the first of two write-downs totalling 530 million pounds ($680 million).
The complaint is consistent with allegations of irregularities and bullying first made public by Reuters on March 30. A BT official at the time declined to comment when asked if the company had filed a complaint.
Reuters first saw the complaint, which typically is not a document that is made publicly available, earlier this week.
The Reuters investigation found that a network of people in BT Italy had exaggerated revenues, faked contract renewals and invoices and invented bogus supplier transactions in order to meet bonus targets and disguise the unit's true financial performance. All of these practices had been going on since at least 2013, current and former staff have said.
The BT complaint asserts to prosecutors, who began investigating the unit's accounting problems in January, that BT is itself a victim of any fraud found to have taken place.
The company's director of ethics and compliance, Gareth Tipton, met Italian magistrates in Milan in the second half of February, two sources with knowledge of the investigation told Reuters. BT also gave prosecutors computer records collected during an internal investigation at the Italian unit in late summer 2016, the sources said.
BT spokesperson Gemma Thomas said in a statement: "We cannot comment on the ongoing investigation." Reuters contacted Tipton by email who referred to the statement from Thomas.
The complaint alleges misconduct against three former senior executives of BT Italy and two former employees, though it does not make a specific criminal accusation against any of them.
It alleges former BT Italy chief executive Gianluca Cimini was responsible for grave violations of corporate governance rules in relation to contracts and suppliers, and for using intimidatory behaviour when dealing with staff.
It alleges former chief operating officer Stefania Truzzoli manipulated results that were used to award staff bonuses and that they also manipulated data that was communicated to BT Europe during the internal presentation of results.
Cimini and Truzzoli declined to comment for this article. Truzzoli said they would respond to the allegations to the relevant authorities.
The BT complaint alleges former chief financial officer Luca Sebastiani failed to report financial irregularities to their managers and also induced an employee responsible for invoicing at BT Italy, Giacomo Ingannamorte, to issue fake invoices.
It also alleges Luca Torrigiani, formerly responsible for government clients and other large accounts in Italy, violated BT's rules in the manner in which they chose suppliers and for receiving a payment from an agent of BT Italy.
The complaint said Cimini, Truzzoli, Sebastiani, Ingannamorte and Torrigiani were all sacked. It did not elaborate on any of its allegations.
Torrigiani's lawyer, Riccardo Chilosi, told Reuters that their client "strongly disputed" BT's allegations and was suing the company for unfair dismissal.
Ingannamorte told Reuters they too are appealing in court against their dismissal, adding that they issued the invoices in question at the behest of their supervisors.
In an email to Reuters, Sebastiani said they had only taken up the job of CFO at BT Italy in May 2016 and denied any wrongdoing, adding they considered their dismissal "totally unjustified". They said they could not be held responsible for any accounting practices that had been used by the company for years and that, also thanks to their input, had subsequently been the subject of a "critical review."
BT said in its complaint that it suffered financially from unlawful conduct, because the inflated results at BT Italy meant that it had paid bonuses to staff who did not merit them and that it had also paid taxes on income that did not exist.
BT's shares fell 20 percent when it announced its expanded writedown of 530 million pounds in January. That prompted several BT shareholders to file class-action lawsuits alleging the group misled investors and failed to promptly disclose the financial irregularities.
($1 = 0.7812 pounds) (additional reporting by Agnieszka Flak, editing by Mark Bendeich and Anna Willard)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - V Technology Co Ltd
* Says it received orders from overseas mega display maker worth about 11 billion yen in total, to provide two kinds of exposure apparatus
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/rE9QG5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Clean Seas Seafood Ltd
* Re-confirms that it expects to be profitable in H2 FY17 at a level significantly above $1.8 million profit achieved in H2 FY16
* Expects a return to full year profitability in FY18
* Full year FY17 sales guidance is adjusted to 2,250 - 2,400 tonnes reflecting decision to pursue higher margin sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Autoline and Johnston Press have teamed up to showcase local communities who come together in a time of crisis.
We're offering you the opportunity to say thank you to those who exemplify community spirit and give them the chance of winning a luxurious stay in the Galgorm Resort & Spa worth £200.
The recent flooding in the north west saw some real community spirit in action
The recent flooding provided great examples of community spirit, particularly by the farming community. As over half of August's average rainfall fell in less than nine hours, belongings, cars, bridges and roads were washed away. One hundred people were rescued from their homes and the City of Derry airport was forced to temporarily close.
Among the chaos, however, farmers in particular stepped forward, working long into the night to rescue those who were stranded and to tackle the floods.
Michael Blaney, Autoline Insurance MD, said: “As an insurance broker we helped customers deal with the aftermath of the flooding. From conversations with those affected we were bowled over by the sheer number of farmers who voluntarily came forward to help people. Many worked through the night and into the next day rescuing cars and pumping floodwaters out of roads and fields.
“They responded out of a sense of community spirit which was humbling to witness, and made a considerable difference to the work of our overstretched emergency services. This competition is based on our theme of ‘We're With You' and our farmers were certainly there that night when they were needed.”
One example which was typical of many was Autoline customer, David Devine, a farmer based outside Newbuildings.
According to David: “I've never experienced rain like it and I wouldn't like to see it again. The roads were in chaos with diversions in place everywhere. The road outside our farm had almost four feet of flood water on it with people stranded and cars abandoned.
“Over a six hour period we pulled six cars out of the flood, drove one young family home and a couple of lads who had to abandon their car. We eventually punched a hole in the ditch to help drain the water and reopen the road. We had the right equipment and anyone would have done the same thing.”
If you have benefitted from the support of your local community or if you'd like to nominate someone in your community for an act of kindness, visit www.autoline.co.uk/community and tell us your story in no more than 250 words. Alternatively, write to ‘We're With You', Autoline, 2 Ashtree Business Park, Rathfriland Road, Newry, BT34 1BY.
The best stories will be featured in the News Letter and other Johnston Press papers. The closing date is 13th October.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Sony Corp
* Says current CEO Kazuo Hirai will become chairperson of the company
* Says current CFO Kenichiro Yoshida will become CEO of the company
* Says Hiroki Totoki will become CFO of the company
* Effective April 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/7WKvGU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Banking index down 1.78 pct
* Rand recovers, risks remain high
* Bonds under pressure (Adds closing levels, analyst comment)
JOHANNESBURG, April 6 South Africa's banking index hit its biggest daily loss since December 2015 on Thursday, dragging the bourse down after S&P cut the credit ratings of major lenders following a sovereign downgrade.
The rand firmed slightly, after tumbling more than 11 percent since March 27 when President Jacob Zuma ordered then finance minister Pravin Gordhan to return home from overseas meetings with investors, days before dismissing them in a cabinet reshuffle that triggered the downgrade.
The banking index fell 1.78 percent, its biggest daily loss since Dec 2015 when President Jacob Zuma changed finance ministers twice in a week.
"What usually happens is that hedge funds have mandates when things get downgraded to junk ... to de-leverage or sell out because they are not allowed to hold risky debt on their books," BP Bernstein trader Vasili Tirasis said.
The broader All-Share index fell 0.14 percent to 52,918 points, while the benchmark Top-40 index inched up 0.04 percent to 46,170 points.
Capitec Bank fell 4.85 percent to 720 rand, while FirstRand dropped 0.82 percent at 44.90 rand, Standard Bank weakened 1.64 percent to 136.47 rand and Nedbank declined 1.35 percent to 225.80 rand.
On the foreign exchange market, at 1500 GMT, the rand traded at 13.7675 per dollar, 0.31 percent stronger from its New York close on Wednesday.
"Let's be clear, rand risks remain high and further losses cannot be ruled out. But there are at least some signs of stability," said Rand Merchant Bank currency strategist John Cairns.
In fixed income, the yield for the benchmark government bond due in 2026 rose 1.5 basis points to 9.020 percent.
Local bonds might continue to struggle as political turmoil in the country and uncertainty around Fitch's possible "junk" rating lures money managers away.
"The bond market trading at more than 9 percent, that is a very penalising yield to be paying, obviously because of the recent political developments," said Efficient Group chief economist Dawie Roodt.
Downgrades to junk from at least two agencies would see South Africa drop out of some widely used global bond indexes and force international funds which track them or which are prohibited from holding sub-investment grade securities to sell. (Reporting by Olwethu Boso; Editing by James Macharia)
When it comes into operation, property owners will find themselves saddled with charges that could rise to over 400 per...
April 28 Baolingbao Biology Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 could rise up to 50 percent, or to be 30.5 million yuan to 45.7 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (30.5 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/gk5Q6L
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Adds quotes)
LAUSANNE, March 29 Top executives from the world's largest commodity trading houses discuss trends in trading at the FT Commodities Global Summit in Lausanne, Switzerland, this week.
For highlights from the first day:
The following are highlights:
ALAN HAYWOOD, CEO OF SUPPLY AND TRADING BP
"The context for our strategy is laid out in fundamentals until 2035. We see energy demand increasing by about 30 percent, half from nuclear, hydro power and renewables ... half will be going to the power sector."
"But we see 75 percent of energy demand still coming from oil, gas and coal. Gas demand will grow at approximately twice the rate of oil ... on the renewable side we will focus on our commitment to wind and Brazilian biofuels."
MARCO ALVERA, CEO, SNAM
Alvera sees emerging markets moving towards gas away from coal due to the cleaner advantage of gas.
"A one percent switch from coal to gas, gives same benefit on carbon dioxide, as a ten percent shift to renewables."
"In Europe, demand for gas has stabilised but production is declining. Faced with stable demand, imports need to grow ... we can only look east or southeast like the southern corridor.
"Europe has huge opportunities for LNG storage due to huge depleted reserves. LNG will become hugely seasonal ... and very distressed in the summer. Italy is a unique position because has the largest gas storage reserves so can be a hub for imports and exports."
"In the United States, coal will be back, which potentially in the short term will benefit gas in Europe, and the price of coal will go up."
"There's a huge potential for biomethane in transport ... the beauty is that you can use existing infrastructure."
MARK CRANDALL, CHAIRMAN, POSTSCRIPTUM
"The switch from coal to gas is a bigger thing than any switch to renewables."
"Batteries are about to happen. The first large scale delivery will start in July ... Whether they will live up to the hype is another thing. They still are not cheap enough."
"You can see the grim reaper for fossil fuels in the rear view mirror. In Chile and Argentina ... in non-subsidised tenders, renewables win. That's extraordinary compared to 5 years ago. Eventually it will catch up in the northern hemisphere."
SAMUEL LEUPOLD, EXECUTIVE VP, DONG ENERGY
"Coal needs to go, lignite needs to go but it needs to be politically led ... Batteries in my view are completely overhyped."
"The influence of Washington D.C. is limited ... in terms of subsidies, it's more about the state than D.C.," they said, when asked about U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order undoing Obama-era climate change regulation.
ALISTAIR CROSS, GLOBAL HEAD OF OPERATIONS, MERCURIA
Cross sees blockchain technology as a way to reduce high-level fraud and cut back office costs.
"Our industry is very paper based and we have the technology now that can solve the complete settlement cycle ... Back office costs are a focus for all the companies and an area where we can make significant savings."
"A lot of instances of fraud -- it's high tech. The information on the document looks real and recognizable by counterparts. With blockchain, you can have a verifiable, authenticated (document) and only a person with a secure login can send that document."
(Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz, editing by Louise Heavens)
We now have solid reports of a bug in both of the Windows 7 security patches for this month, KB 4034664 (the monthly rollup, installed by Windows Automatic Update) and KB 4034679 (the manual security-only patch). If you have a Win7 machine with two or more monitors, and there's something weird happening with the second monitor, you may be able to solve the problem by uninstalling the bad patch.
I first read about the problems last Saturday on Günter Born's Born City blog. They documented bugs in the second-screen display of PDFs using PDF-Xchange Viewer, problems with the second screen in IrfanView, Adobe Reader, Excel VBA, MathLab, ACDSee, some Java applications, and Office 2013 garbling window titles, scrollbars, and other screen elements.
This morning there's a detailed analysis from Christian “NineBerry” Schwarz on their Wolfsbeeren blog:
In applications, graphics or controls are not shown or shown distorted. You might for example only see an empty background with missing foreground graphics or missing controls. Or you see the Desktop or parts of a different application in parts of the currently active application. These graphical problems only appear on secondary monitors, not on the main monitor and possibly also depending on the position of the application window within the secondary monitor.
Schwarz offers these workarounds:
Upgrade to Windows 10 / Server 2012 Uninstall KB4034664 / KB4034679 patches from the system Log on with a user that is a full local administrator Only use the application on the main monitor, not a secondary monitor Arrange the monitors such that no part of a monitor has negative screen coordinates.
They go on to describe negative screen coordinates:
when you have multiple monitors, one of these monitors becomes the main monitor. Screen coordinates are relative to the main monitor. So, screen coordinates can be negative when a monitor is positioned left of or higher than the main monitor.
and then steps through the methods for resolving the problem. Schwartz tops it off with a Proof of Concept program which faithfully reproduces the problem in all its glory.
Tired of being an unpaid beta tester? Join us on the AskWoody Lounge.
MOSCOW At least 24 people were missing in south-Western Kyrgyzstan on Saturday after a landslide tore through a village, Kyrgyzstan's Emergency Ministry said on Saturday.
The landslide, caused by heavy rains, destroyed eleven houses in the village in Uzgen district of Osh region at around 0120 GMT on Saturday. The exact number of people hit by the landslide was unclear, the Emergency Ministry said.
The press office of the local administration said people in the area received a warning about risks of a possible landslide and were recommended to leave the area. Those who decided to stay signed papers saying they had been informed about the danger, the press office said.
More than 180 emergency ministry personnel are working at the site to excavate the buried village, according to local authorities.
Since the beginning of the year, at least 25 landslides have been registered in the Osh region of the Central Asian country, killing six people, Russia's state-run news agency RIA reported.
(Reporting by Hulkar Isamova; Writing by Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Police are reminding boaties to wear lifejackets after two people were caught without them today.
About 20 vessels were stopped and checked by the Auckland Police Maritime Unit between North Head and Long Bay this morning.
While police were pleased overall with the preparedness of most boaties, two people were not wearing lifejackets.
One of the people had a lifejacket on board and was not wearing it, but one kayaker was not carrying one at all.
Advertisement
The kayaker was sent back to shore under close observation to ensure their safety and was given an infringement notice.
Senior Constable Peter Comer said not wearing a lifejacket was dangerous and unacceptable – especially when MetService had forecast 25 knots easterly winds gusting to 35.
"Other kayakers stopped were very well set up which shows it's not hard to ensure your safety, but one without a lifejacket is one too many," they said.
"Conditions can change quickly out on the water and lifejackets increase your survival time in the water, it's as simple as that."
Boaties are also reminded they should have two forms of waterproof communication on board, leave their trip intentions with someone onshore and always check the forecast.
MEXICO CITY Mexico's Lower House of Congress passed a bill on Friday to legalize the use of marijuana and cannabis for medical and scientific needs, a step closer to outright legalization in a country long scarred by warring drug cartels.
The bill sailed through the Senate in December and will now be sent to President Enrique Pena Nieto, who is expected to sign it.
"The ruling eliminates the prohibition and criminalization of acts related to the medicinal use of marijuana and its scientific research, and those relating to the production and distribution of the plant for these purposes," the Lower House said in a statement on its website.
The measure passed in a general floor vote with 371 in favor, seven against and 11 abstentions, and now classifies the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana, tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) as "therapeutic."
Speaking in April 2016 at a special session where world leaders gathered to rethink global strategy in the war on drugs for the first time in two decades, Pena Nieto said drug use should be addressed as a "public health problem" and users should not be criminalized.
Pena Nieto, once a vocal opponent of drug legalization, has said the United States and Mexico should not pursue diverging policies on marijuana legislation. Last year, they proposed a bill to allow Mexicans to carry up to an ounce of marijuana, a measure that has since stalled in Congress.
Since a 2015 court ruling, the government has allowed the importation on a case-by-case basis of medicine with cannabidiol (CBD), an active chemical ingredient of the drug.
Recreational marijuana is still broadly prohibited in Mexico, but in 2015 the Supreme Court granted four people the right to grow their own marijuana for personal consumption, opening the door to legalization.
(Reporting by Anthony Esposito; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results from the Montreal Masters Men's Singles Semifinal matches on Saturday 2-Roger Federer (Switzerland) beat Robin Haase (Netherlands) 6-3 7-6(5)
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
LONDON The British government said on Thursday it will sell the Green Investment Bank (GIB) to Macquarie Bank [MBL.UL] in a deal worth 2.3 billion pounds ($3 billion).
"(The) deal will meet government requirements for a sale, providing value for the taxpayer while ensuring GIB continues its green mission in the private sector," the government said in a statement.
The deal includes a 1.7 billion pound transaction price and 600 million pounds of estimated future funding for existing GIB projects, it added.
(Reporting by Oleg Vukmanovic, editing by Nina Chestney)
JOHANNESBURG South African President Jacob Zuma has signed the anti-money laundering bill FICA, which allows increased scrutiny of the bank accounts of "prominent individuals", including himself, into law, their office said on Saturday.
The country risked being kicked out of global fraud monitor, the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), if the Financial Intelligence Centre Amendment (FICA) bill was not signed by June.
The bill, intended to bolster the fight against global financial crime by making it easier to identify the ultimate owners of companies and accounts - including those of "domestic prominent influential persons" - was passed by parliament in May.
But Zuma sent in it back to the legislature saying they were concerned about the legality of provisions allowing searches without warrants.
"The President is now satisfied that the Act addresses the constitutional concerns they had raised about warrantless searches," said the statement from the presidency.
Opposition parties and civil society groups speculated that the stance was related to a fight between the Treasury, which sponsored the legislation, and the Guptas, a family of business people close to Zuma.
In December, former Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan asked the High Court to rule they were not allowed to interfere with decisions by South Africa's major banks to close business accounts of Oakbay Investments, owned by brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta.
Gordhan, axed by Zuma as finance minister in March, said in court papers the Gupta family was waging an "organised campaign" to smear them and the Treasury. The Gupta family in turn accused Gordhan of leading a conspiracy to ruin their business interests.
The court has yet to rule on the matter.
Zuma has said they are close to the family but denies being under their influence.
(Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Toby Chopra)
(Adds details, analyst comment)
By David Dolan
ISTANBUL, April 3 Turkey's annual inflation hit its highest in 8-1/2 years in March as chronic weakness in the lira currency stoked a surge in consumer prices that could be unwelcome news for President Tayyip Erdoğan ahead of a referendum to extend their powers.
Inflation jumped 11.29 percent last month from a year earlier with prices for food, transportation and alcohol all booking double-digit increases, data showed on Monday.
Hit by political concerns and worries about the direction of monetary policy, with the central bank apparently reluctant to raise its benchmark interest rate to defend the currency, the lira has lost 3 percent of its value against the dollar this year, on top of a 17 percent dive last year.
Erdoğan has declared themselves an "enemy" of interest rates, and repeatedly railed against what they say is the high cost of credit in Turkey. Some investors are concerned that the central bank's increasing reliance upon unorthodox methods to tighten policy shows it is wary of raising borrowing costs.
"Today's figures on their own are probably not enough to prompt another interest rate hike," William Jackson and Liam Carson of Capital Economics said in a note to clients.
"The recent rise in the lira, last month's rate hike and renewed pressure from the government to reverse the tightening cycle make this unlikely. Nonetheless, there is no scope to loosen policy."
The Turkish central bank last month hiked the cost of funds from its "late liquidity window" by 75 basis points while leaving conventional policy rates on hold.
The inflation data may not be good news for Erdoğan, who is counting on broad support in an April 16 referendum that would change the constitution to give them sweeping executive powers.
Consumer prices rose 1.02 percent from the previous month in March, the data showed, outstripping the 0.6 percent increase predicted by a Reuters poll. Annual inflation was at its highest since October 2008.
Erdoğan adviser Bulent Gedikli said on Twitter that the upswing in inflation was temporary, and the impact of government measures would be seen from the second quarter onwards. They did not elaborate.
"It is possible to say that the inflation data is driven by the impact of foreign exchange rate, is temporary and that we will see the reflections of the measures taken from second quarter onwards," they said after the data was released.
Producer prices rose 16.09 percent year-on-year, and 1.04 percent month-on-month, the data also showed.
The lira weakened slightly after the data and was at 3.6420 at 0809 GMT, from Friday's close of 3.6350. (Additional reporting by Nevzat Devranoglu; Editing by Humeyra Pamuk and Catherine Evans)
Chris Robshaw faces a nervous wait to discover the extent of their shoulder injury, with England ordering further examination of a problem suffered playing with Harlequins.
The 30-year-old has been unable to take part in England's two-day training camp owing to the shoulder problem picked up in Harlequins' 24-17 Aviva Premiership defeat at Worcester.
Robshaw suffered the problem midway through the first half at Sixways on New Year's Day, but kept on playing until being withdrawn at the interval.
The former England captain linked up with boss Eddie Jones's Test squad as planned on January 2nd, but their shoulder problem now needs further assessment.
“Chris Robshaw will go for a scan tomorrow to determine the extent of a shoulder injury sustained while playing for Harlequins against Worcester Warriors on New Year's Day,” the Rugby Football Union (RFU) said.
England will also continue to sweat on the extent of the knee injury that has denied Manu Tuilagi any involvement in the two-day training camp in Brighton.
The Leicester centre hobbled out of the New Year's Day 16-12 home defeat to Saracens. That loss has since led to the sacking of rugby director Richard Cockerill.
England start their Six Nations title defence by hosting France at Twickenham on Saturday, February 4th, and will hope both Robshaw and Tuilagi can be fit to contest selection.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 13 Drax Group Plc:
* 77.03 percent of votes cast at AGM in favour of approval of directors' remuneration policy, 22.97 percent of votes cast against
* 66.35 percent votes cast in favor of annual remuneration report at AGM, 33.65 percent against
* Board of directors notes significant number of votes against 2016 directors' remuneration report and remuneration policy resolutions
* Discussions have already taken place with a number of institutional shareholders who did not support remuneration report or remuneration policy resolutions
* Feedback received will be discussed by remuneration committee in forthcoming meetings and further engagement is expected with shareholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
* Futures: Dow down 14 pts, S&P down 1.75 pts, Nasdaq up 3.25 pts
By Tanya Agrawal
May 2 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Tuesday ahead of the start of the Federal Reserve's two-day meeting and quarterly corporate results from Apple.
* The Fed begins its meeting later in the day and while the central bank is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates, investors will be keeping an eye on its statement, due on Wednesday, for clues regarding the future path of rate hikes.
* Shares of Apple were up 0.2 percent at $146.90 in premarket trading, after hitting a record high a day earlier. The iPhone maker is due to report results after the close of market.
* Wall Street climbed on Monday, boosted by gains in marquee tech stocks, including Apple, that more than offset weak economic data and pushed the Nasdaq to another record high.
* The CBOE Volatility Index, a barometer of expected near-term stock market volatility, closed at its lowest level since February, 2007.
* Investors are bracing for another heavy week of corporate reports to see if quarterly earnings will be able to keep on exceeding expectations.
* Overall, profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.6 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
* Strong earnings have outweighed concerns about patches of weak economic data. The ISM measure of manufacturing activity undershot forecasts on Monday, coming after a report last week showed the economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter.
* A heavy week of economic data will culminate in the monthly non-farm payrolls report on Friday.
* Pfizer was up 0.3 percent at $33.89, after the drugmaker's quarterly profit rose, while Merck rose 1.6 percent to $63.40 after the company's quarterly profit beat expectations.
* Advanced Micro Devices tumbled 11.6 percent to $12.04 after the chipmaker's second-quarter gross margins forecast raised some concerns.
* Angie's List soared 44.3 percent to $8.50 in light premarket trading after IAC/InterActiveCorp said it would buy the consumer review website operator.
* Tenet Healthcare rose 15.7 percent to $17.76 after reporting a smaller-than-expected quarterly loss.
Futures snapshot at 7:05 a.m. ET (1105 GMT):
* Dow e-minis were down 14 points, or 0.07 percent, with 12,101 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were down 1.75 points, or 0.07 percent, with 71,953 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 3.25 points, or 0.06 percent, on volume of 16,344 contracts. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Burke County authorities are searching for a burglary suspect. The Sheriff's Office says 21 year-old Marquise Tyrell Staten is wanted in connection with a burglary that happened on the 100 block of Barrett Mill Road in Waynesboro on November 22. Deputies say 22 year-old Jareem Rader Lamont Heath has already been arrested in the incident.
Deputies advise that Staten should be approached with caution . Firearms and rifles were stolen in the incident. The suspect is listed at 6'3 and 170 lbs.
If you have any information, you are asked to call Sgt. Jerry Howell at (762) 212-1155.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
San Francisco, CA – Friday, July 4, 2018 – Bestselling Author Beverly Kyer Hit #1 on Amazon with their book, “Surviving Compassion Fatigue: Help For Those Who Help Others,” which was re-released June 26, 2018, by Amazon.com – the nation's #1 place to buy books.
On its launch day, “Surviving Compassion Fatigue: Help For Those Who Help Others” climbed the Amazon Charts to reach #1 Bestseller status in SIX categories including Nursing, Work-Related Health, Mental Health Nursing, Community Care, Injury Prevention, and Nursing Home Care. Publisher, Elite Online Publishing, assisted in the re-release of the book.
About the Book
If you're a Human Service Provider, caregiver, or you work with at-risk populations such as child protective services or adult protective services, as a counselor, social worker, probation officer, medical or mental health professional, with the justice system and law enforcement, also emergency response, rescue and recovery teams, or in any of the dozens of helping professions, Surviving Compassion Fatigue: Help for Those Who Help Others is for you.
You will learn about one woman's physical and emotional descent due to years of self-neglect. You will also learn about their recovery as well as how to serve and care for others without forgetting to take care of yourself.
This book is full of practical wisdom and advice for those in the helping professions and caregivers. It tells Beverly's story, as well as the stories of others who have neglected their own self-care. But more than that, it educates those in the helping professions and in caregiver roles about the importance of strategies for consistent self-care.
Find out how you may be putting yourself at risk and learn skills, techniques and strategies to restore and maintain inner self-regulation, physical and emotional wellness and inner calm while still caring for those in need. You owe it to yourself.
About the Author
Beverly Kyer has a Master's Degree in Social Work and is a member of the Academy of Certified Social Workers. They have postgraduate certificates and over three decades of experience in the integrated approach to readjustment counseling therapist, post-traumatic stress disorder, social research for the mentally ill, and employee assistance program coordination. Beverly was also certified in Toronto Canada at the Traumatology Institute as a Compassion Fatigue Specialist. Beverly became a Clinical Social Worker specializing in pediatric oncology; PTSD in Vietnam Veterans, and Psychiatric Day Hospital Treatment. They spent much of their career with the Veterans Administration Veterans Outreach Center and Medical Center in The Bronx, New York City. Beverly also spent more than a decade as a direct care service provider in the foster care system. They also spent seven years as an urban high school counselor, providing emotional and psychological support for students and staff. Two episodes of heart failure led Beverly to make a major downshift in their life by resigning from full-time employment, joining the self-employed, and devoting their life to help others who work in highly stressful environments. Beverly lectures around the country on compassion fatigue, which is sometimes known as secondary or vicarious traumatic stress. Beverly has three grown children: two sons and an adopted daughter, and they live in Northern California in a quiet cul-de-sac near the delta. Oil painting, music, movies, and good books are among their passions.
Learn more about Beverly by clicking below:
www.beverlykyer.com
Follow Beverly on Facebook by clicking below:
https://www.facebook.com/authorbeverlykyer/
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
LONDON The British government has reduced its holding in Lloyds Banking Group PLC to less than 2 percent, putting the lender on track to be in full private ownership within weeks.
The government has now recovered over 20 billion pounds of the 20.3 billion pounds ($25.5 billion) taxpayers injected into Lloyds during the financial crisis, the Treasury said in a statement.
UK Financial Investments Limited (UKFI), which manages the government's stake, resumed share sales in October, having halted them for almost a year due to market turbulence.
It said on Monday that its stake stands at 1.97 percent, down from 2.95 percent on March 15.
The government spent more than 136.6 billion pounds rescuing some of Britain's biggest high street lenders at the height of the financial crisis, including Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds, but has so far only managed to recoup half of that money.
(Reporting by Dasha Afanasieva; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)
CARACAS, April 20 Annual inflation in crisis-hit Venezuela last year reached 274 percent, according to data the central bank provided to the International Monetary Fund, although many economists believe the true figure is far more alarming.
In the midst of a bruising economic crisis, the leftist government of President Nicolas Maduro has not published inflation data for more than a year.
Venezuelan consultancy Ecoanalitica says inflation was 525 percent last year and New York-based investment bank Torino Capital - using one popular food item as a proxy - put it at 453 percent.
Maduro themselves last year increased the minimum wage by 454 percent, saying the rise was to offset inflation.
The central bank did not immediately respond to a request for information.
A wave of anti-government unrest is underway across the country. Hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets on Wednesday, only to be dispersed with tear gas and water cannons.
One factor for high inflation is Venezuela's soaring money supply, up more than 200 percent in the last year, its fastest rise since records began in 1940.
Purchasing power has eroded and salaries annihilated as a result. On the black market, $1,000 in savings when Maduro was elected in 2013 would now be worth less than $5.
The bolivar currency has fallen 76 percent in the last year against the U.S. dollar.
Inflation is one facet of the OPEC member's crippling economic crisis, as it contributes to putting basic food products out of reach for millions. Maduro blames the problems on an "economic war" being waged against it by the U.S. government and opposition "terrorists."
Many economists blame strict currency and price controls.
The IMF figure places Venezuela as the country with the second highest inflation in the world, after South Sudan which last year clocked inflation of 480 percent. The IMF did not receive Gross Domestic Product data from Venezuela's central bank. (Editing by Alexandra Ulmer and Grant McCool)
FILE PHOTO - Berkshire Hathaway chairperson Warren Buffett drinks a can of Cherry Coke at the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting in Omaha May 1, 2010. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
Coca-Cola Co is putting the likeness of Warren Buffett on Cherry Coke cans in China, hoping to benefit from its biggest shareholder's popularity in the country.
According to its website, Coca-Cola got permission from the billionaire investor to use their image on cans for a limited time, while supplies last. It launched Cherry Coke in China on March 10.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc, which Buffett runs, is Coke's largest investor, with a 9.3 percent stake worth roughly $17 billion (£13.63 billion).
Buffett has many fans in China, which often sends a large contingent to watch them at Berkshire's annual meetings in Omaha, Nebraska.
Last year, Berkshire webcast its meeting for the first time, and provided simultaneous translation only in Mandarin.
Buffett has often said they drink five Cokes a day, and joked that they are "one quarter Coca-Cola" because the beverage accounts for 25 percent of their caloric intake.
The 86-year-old told shareholders at Berkshire's annual meeting last April that they had no evidence they would be more likely to live to 100 if they switched to "water and broccoli."
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Bill Rigby)
A TV monitor showing U.S. President Donald Trump is seen through national flags of the U.S. and Japan at a foreign exchange trading company in Tokyo, Japan February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
TOKYO A firm majority of economists expect Japan will engage in bilateral trade talks with the United States in the near future, a Reuters poll showed ahead of next week's high-level economic talks between the two nations.
Japan and the United States kick off an economic dialogue on April 18 that will be led by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso. The talks will cover issues such as macroeconomic policy, infrastructure investment and trade.
Sixteen of 37 economists said they were somewhat concerned the talks would hurt Japan, the poll showed. Fifteen said they don't expect much from the dialogue; few saw a positive impact.
And some predicted the meeting would sow the seeds for future bilateral trade talks.
"It is reasonable to forecast that the dialogue will develop to trade negotiations as Washington sees Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is a result of unfair commercial practice," said Takeshi Minami, chief economist at Norinchukin Research Institute.
Twenty-nine of 37 analysts said bilateral trade negotiations would happen in the near future, while eight said it was unlikely, according to the poll taken April 4-12.
After their inauguration in January, President Donald Trump pulled the U.S. out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact and declared Washington would instead seek one-on-one trade deals. Their protectionist trade policies could undermine Japan's export-reliant economy.
"There is a chance that Washington could demand Japan to make concessions to what have been agreed at the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the two nations could move on to negotiations on an individual sector such as autos to reduce the U.S. trade deficit," said Harumi Taguchi, principal economist at IHS Economics.
Washington is pushing for trade to be a key issue in top-level economic talks with Japan, a person directly involved in preparations for the talks told Reuters on Thursday, an unwelcome development for Tokyo, which has sought to keep the talks from turning into a forum for U.S. pressure to reduce the bilateral trade imbalance.
BOJ OUTLOOK
Most analysts, meanwhile, maintained their view that the Bank of Japan's next action will be scaling back its ultra-easy monetary policy.
Thirty of 38 analysts projected the central bank would phase out its stimulus while the rest said it is likely to ease further if it decides to change policy. That was largely in line with the previous survey.
"The BOJ emphasizes the importance of maintaining inflation momentum more than that of attaining 2 percent at the earliest possible time," said Hiroshi Ugai, chief economist at JP Morgan Securities.
"Therefore, we expect the BOJ's next policy move will be unwinding even though the BOJ cannot attain 2 percent target in fiscal 2018."
Some analysts pushed back the timing of the central bank's projected next move.
Five analysts said the move would start in the latter half of this year, down from ten in last's month survey, and seven projected it would happen in the first half of next year. Eight believe it will happen in the latter half of 2018.
Eleven analysts see the BOJ taking steps in 2019 or later, up from eight in the previous survey. A few declined to predict the timing.
Asked about what steps the BOJ would take if it decides to unwind its stimulus policy, the majority expect it to raise the 10-year Japanese government bond yield target from around zero percent now. Others said the central bank would raise the negative 0.1 percent interest rate applied on a small portion of commercial banks' excess reserves.
Economists forecast the world's third-largest economy will expand 1.3 percent this fiscal year, started April, and grow 1.1 percent the next. That's up a tick from last month's 1.2 percent and 1.0 percent, respectively.
The nation's core consumer prices, which include oil products but exclude fresh food prices, will probably rise 0.8 percent this fiscal year and 1.0 percent next, unchanged from a March survey.
(Reporting by Kaori Kaneko, Editing by Malcolm Foster and Sam Holmes)
FILE PHOTO: Germany's former Labour Minister and former Defence Minister Franz Josef Jung arrives for a board of inquiry in Berlin, March 25, 2010. REUTERS/Tobias Schwarz
BERLIN Former German defence minister Franz Josef Jung is to join the supervisory board of defence and automotive engineering group Rheinmetall (RHMG.DE), newspaper Die Welt said on Thursday, citing a company spokesperson.
Jung, who was defence minister in Chancellor Angela Merkel's grand coalition government between 2005 and 2009, is due to be elected at Rheinmetall's annual general meeting on May 9, the report said.
A spokesperson for Rheinmetall didn't return calls seeking comment.
It's not the first time that a former member of Merkel's cabinet will join the Duesseldorf-based firm. Former German Economic Cooperation and Development Minister Dirk Niebel joined Rheinmetall in 2015 to advise the company on strategy issues and government relations, according to the company's web site.
Separately, Die Welt said the company's long-time chairperson Klaus Greinert will be replaced by Ulrich Grillo, former head of Germany's BDI industry federation, after the shareholders meeting in May.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
PRAGUE A centrist party led by Czech Finance Minister Andrej Babis maintained its lead ahead of the centre-left Social Democrats of Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka in March, a poll showed on Thursday, although the projected gap was narrower than in other polls.
The Median agency poll gave the ANO party set up and led by Babis -- worth $3.4 billion, just shy of U.S. President Donald Trump according to Forbes -- 28.5 percent support, 8 points ahead of the Social Democrats. Both parties lost support compared to a February poll by the same agency.
No party is likely to win an outright majority in the election, unofficially announced by President Milos Zeman for October 20-21, making another coalition government probable.
Opponents of Babis have been accusing them of conflicts of interests as a business person and politician.
Babi has built up the chemicals, food and media Agrofert group into the country's largest private employer since the 1990s but shifted the firm a trust fund earlier this year to comply with a new conflict of interests law.
Growth in wages and welfare are among the main themes of this year's general election. After three years of economic expansion, the Czech Republic has the lowest unemployment rate in the European Union at 3.4 percent, according to Eurostat.
The ruling centre-left coalition has already agreed a number of steps to win support, including faster pension growth, pay hikes for police officers, other emergency workers and teachers, or pushing for stricter rules for mobile operators.
According to Median, up to nine parties could win seats in the 200-seat lower house of parliament.
(Reporting by Robert Muller; Editing by Jan Lopatka)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BELIMO HOLDING AG:
* BELIMO TO NOMINATE SANDRA EMME FOR ELECTION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Sources text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A home invasion robbery has occurred at what's described as a pretty remote location in Nevada County. And arrests were made just a few hours later. Sheriff's Lieutenant Rob Bringolf says it happened on Grizzly Trail, off Greenhorn Road Monday morning…
click to listen to Lt. Bringolf
Bringolf says one man was armed with a handgun, the other two had knives and machetes. The suspects also tried to take a safe in their vehicle before running out of gas and becoming stuck in the mud. One man was detained, while the other two got away. Bringolf says there was a large ground search, also with air support from a CHP helicopter…
click to listen to Lt. Bringolf
Bringolf says the other two men were found by late Monday morning. They're identified as: 46-year-old Michael Diaz, 28-year-old Steve Rhodes, and 24-year-old Shawn Turnage. Bringolf declined to speculate as to whether the suspects knew the male victim or whether the home was chosen at random. They say there was evidence of an outside marijuana grow.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China's General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine said on Friday:
* TOYOTA CHINA JVS TO RECALL 181,797 VEHICLES FROM FEB. 10 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk)
April 20 (Reuters) -
* Eminence Capital, which owns 9.6 percent of ASM Int'l, says "we strongly believe that ASMI would be a stronger and more valuable company without ASMPT"
* Eminence capital on ASM - many of fellow shareholders have advocated for divestiture of asmpt for many years
* Eminence capital on ASM - management has never provided a reasonable defense for continuing to hold the financial stake in ASMPT
* Eminence capital believes a multi-year plan to exit the ASMPT stake via multiple block trades creates "most long-term shareholder value"
* Eminence capital says first step should be a block trade of 33 percent of ASMPT stake combined with a special dividend
* Eminence capital, which owns 9.6 percent of ASM Int'l, says "we strongly believe that ASMI would be a stronger and more valuable company without ASMPT" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* INDIA FINANCE MINISTER SAYS RISING PRICES OF GLOBAL CRUDE OIL IS A MATTER OF CONCERN
* INDIA FINANCE MINISTER SAYS DISINVESTMENT TARGET OF 800 BILLION RUPEES FOR 2018/19 IS “FAIRLY ACHIEVABLE”
* INDIA FINANCE MINISTER SAYS WANT TO STRENGTHEN STATE-RUN BANKS BEFORE CONSOLIDATING Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [ ] (Reporting By New Delhi Newsroom)
In a recent ad, Idaho congressional candidate Russ Fulcher touts their accolades while their mom throws in wry comments.
When Fulcher states, "That's why I will support President Trump's agenda," their mom pipes in: "Ooh, can you introduce me to President Trump?"
A Raul Labrador ad proclaims the candidate for governor "stood with Trump when others wouldn't."
"Tommy Ahlquist is so liberal they wouldn't even vote for Donald Trump over Hillary," states a Brad Little attack ad on their gubernatorial opponent.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
A number of Idaho Republicans clearly want voters to associate them with Trump ahead of next month's primaries. But some of the candidates are treading carefully, avoiding an inconvenient truth: They didn't necessarily vote for them in 2016, when their candidacy polarized the GOP.
Some candidates are now sparring over who can claim Trump. Others are quietly trying to avoid the topic altogether.
The Idaho Statesman queried 15 GOP primary candidates from three highly contested races — U.S. House, governor and lieutenant governor — on whom they supported in the 2016 presidential election and their opinion on the new president's performance.
Who voted for Trump?
Idahoans selected Sen. Ted Cruz in the 2016 GOP presidential primary, not Trump.
Cruz received 45.4 percent of the vote. Trump received 28.1 percent, followed by Sen. Marco Rubio with 15.9 percent.
Among the 14 GOP candidates who responded to the Statesman's questions, just three said they voted for Trump in the presidential primary: Janice McGeachin, Nick Henderson and Michael Snyder. Congressional candidates Snyder and Henderson in particular have heavily featured their support for Trump in their own campaigns.
The others were fairly evenly split among Cruz, Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich.
Steve Yates, a candidate for lieutenant governor, was Idaho GOP party chairperson during the primary. They said as a result they had to remain neutral, and still today will not publicly say who they voted for.
And congressional candidate Alex Gallegos did not vote in the 2016 election cycle due to missing absentee voting deadlines while on active military duty — a challenge for many in the armed forces, they said.
In the fall 2016 election, Trump received nearly 60 percent of the Idaho vote. Just two of the current 13 candidates chose not to vote for him: Ahlquist wrote in Rubio, and U.S. House contender Luke Malek wrote in Evan McMullin.
Both Ahlquist and Malek cited the president's treatment of women as a factor in their decision not to support him.
Ahlquist has repeatedly cited the "Access Hollywood" tape as their motivation. Ada County election officials confirm they received their absentee ballot on Oct. 7, the same day the Washington Post released its story on the 2005 video of Trump bragging about kissing and groping women. Ahlquist told the Statesman the ballot was hand-delivered, not mailed; the county said there's no way to verify that now.
“It's been very interesting for where do you go from here,” Ahlquist told the Statesman a few days later. “For me it gets very personal. I have children. I have three young girls. I worked as an ER doctor for years and took care of victims of sexual assault. My moral compass does not let me go there, so I can't support Donald Trump.”
By the time Trump's first State of the Union rolled around, Ahlquist had taken a more supportive view of the president, invoking Trump's "outsider" status in what became a common comparison by their campaign.
“I congratulate President Trump on both their first State of the Union address and all that they have accomplished in the last year,” they said in a news release. “... Tonight is proof of what can be accomplished by a political outsider to shake up the status quo and bring a fresh approach and new ideas.”
Malek first publicly expressed their displeasure with Trump more than one year before the primary.
During an Aug. 6, 2015, GOP presidential primary debate, then-Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly questioned Trump about their treatment of women. The next day, Trump told CNN Kelly was asking them “ridiculous questions.”
“You could see there was blood coming out of their eyes, blood coming out of them wherever. In my opinion, they were off base,” Trump said then.
That same day, Malek tweeted: “No amount of telling-it-like-it-is excuses misogyny. @realDonaldTrump can go to hell.”
No amount of much-needed "telling-it-like-it-is" excuses misogyny. @realDonaldTrump can go straight to hell. — Luke Malek (@LukeMalek) August 8, 2015
Malek confirmed to the Statesman that Trump's statements regarding women prompted the tweet.
Today, Malek commends Trump on issues like cutting mining regulations, and said they look forward to working with the president on health care reform.
"I think their approach is different than mine will ever be, but as someone who values my own authentic approach to issues, I have come to really appreciate the way they own their unique approach," Malek said.
I wish the best to my President...the one who has just completed their service, and the one who has just begun. — Luke Malek (@LukeMalek) January 20, 2017
What do they say now?
Congressional candidate David Leroy's new TV ad echoes the language that helped propel Trump to victory.
"Washington, D.C., is a swamp," they proclaim. "I'm running for Congress to help President Trump," they add later.
Leroy, who voted for Rubio, has offered supportive but mixed views of Trump over time. In a 2016 post-election column they wrote the president "seems educable." They told the Statesman the following May that if elected, they would "work with the president, even though I don't always appreciate everything they do, or especially everything they say." And to the Lewiston Tribune last fall, they welcomed Trump's role as "a change-agent."
Leroy and others who didn't back Trump in the primary now point to their fall 2016 support for the GOP ticket as a sign of how they rallied behind him.
Three candidates in particular either formally joined Trump's team or hit the campaign trail.
“My desire to see Trump prevail prompted me to served as 1st vice-chair of the Trump Idaho Team and served as one of the Trump delegates on behalf of Idaho to the 2016 RNC Convention in Cleveland, Ohio,” said McGeachin, running for lieutenant governor.
None of the other candidates served as a Trump delegate.
Yates as state party chair was an official national surrogate for the campaign, defending Trump in the national media.
“I was the first statewide official in Idaho to make a public statement in support of President Trump when they became the presumptive nominee, and one of the few who made a public statement of support after the Access Hollywood video was released,” said Yates, who also was appointed by the Trump campaign to serve as a subcommittee co-chairperson on the National Platform Committee at the Cleveland Convention.
Labrador came out strong for Rand Paul and later, Cruz. But they put their support behind Trump during the final months of the campaign. They traveled with now-Vice President Mike Pence to Utah, accompanied Donald Trump Jr. to Arizona, and appeared with Trump at four Florida events.
“At all but two stops in Florida, there were no other members of Congress willing to stand alongside Trump, which made my presence and support even more important,” Labrador said.
Both Labrador's congressional seat and their position within a conservative faction of the House have provided them the most interaction with Trump of all the candidates.
Since Trump was elected president, Labrador has met with them at least a half dozen times. In December 2016, Labrador traveled to Trump Tower where president-elect Trump interviewed them for a cabinet position. In December 2017, Labrador and fellow House members met with Trump to to present an immigration reform plan.
Now that Trump is 15 months into their first term, all of the candidates the Statesman queried are singing their praises. At most, they're willing to weave in constructive criticism.
"Although I'm not enamored with their character, I love the disruption they bring to D.C. politics as usual," said Marv Hagedorn, running for lieutenant governor.
When asked how Trump could improve, House contender Christy Perry said: "He should stop tweeting in the middle of the night."
Idaho more likely to see a Trump bump
President Donald J. Trump and their unconventional presidency have become a central issue in the national midterms.
Since taking office, Trump has already endorsed or campaigned for four GOP candidates who ended up losing. Alabama senate-hopeful Roy Moore, Virginia governor candidate Ed Gillepsie and Pennsylvania congressional candidate Rick Saccone lost to their Democratic challengers. Luther Strange lost in an Alabama senate GOP primary.
But Idaho remains steadfast in its support of the president. Idahoans gave Trump a 52 percent approval rating as of March, according to a national poll by Morning Consult.
“As a solid red state, Idaho's attitudes toward Trump are friendlier than the national average, and he's still quite popular among Republicans,” said Justin Vaughn, director, Center for Idaho History and Politics at Boise State University.
And the four national races above aren't necessarily a sign of trouble for anyone who invokes the president, they said.
“I don't think this pattern is a referendum on Trump just because of the unique nature of each of these outcomes, but they do show the limits of a personality-driven president's brand,” Vaughn said. “Barack Obama had similar difficulty mobilizing voters when they themselves wasn't on the ballot.”
Nationally, Trump may become more of a political liability in the fall.
“Come fall, there will be various Trump-centric reasons why he's a liability, scandals, perhaps economic volatility, supporter fatigue, etc.," said Vaughn. "But it is also important to remember that, with only one or two exceptions, most presidents fare poorly in midterm elections and are often seen by their fellow party members as electoral liabilities when they are in a close race and the context favors the other side. Case in point: Bill Clinton in 1994.”
For now, in Idaho, flocking to Trump is an expected move, Vaughn said, but will also only boost a candidate by so much.
“I expect most Republican candidates to indicate positive positions on Trump — the question is just how positive and how much of their candidacy is based on being a Trump supporter. Basing the bulk of your candidacy on being the most Trump-like is a path to get some votes, but most Republican voters are going to want to hear more than just that.”
(adds details, fresh quotes, updates figures)
JOHANNESBURG, April 10 South Africa's general retailers index posted its biggest daily loss in nearly two weeks on Monday, capping gains on the bourse after ratings downgrades last week knocked the rand currency, raising the prospect of inflation curbing consumption.
The rand extended its recent losses as the credit downgrades to "junk" by two ratings firms last week following the sudden firing of the finance minister kept investors jittery.
The general retailers index shed 2.77 percent on Monday, bringing its decline to around 12 percent since March 27 when President Jacob Zuma recalled finance minister Pravin Gordhan from an overseas investor roadshow, before firing them in a cabinet reshuffle.
Massmart, majority-owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc , lead the way, falling 4.85 percent.
"It looks like people are starting to realise that these downgrades will cause the economy to slow down, that's generally a negative for retailers," said Cratos Capital equities trader Greg Davies.
Overall, the market closed higher. Advancers included Anglo American, which closed 1.6 percent higher after announcing it would sell its Eskom-linked thermal coal operations in South Africa for $166 million, marking an important step in strategic overhaul to sharpen its focus.
The broader All-Share index increased 0.54 percent to 53,139.86 points, while the benchmark Top-40 index added 0.73 percent to 46,422.49 points.
On the foreign exchange market, at 1600 GMT the rand traded at 13.9200 per dollar, 1.07 percent weaker from its New York close on Friday.
In fixed income, the yield for the benchmark government bond due in 2026 climbed 7.5 basis points to 9.005 percent. (Reporting by Olwethu Boso; Editing by Ed Stoddard and Toby Chopra)
NEW YORK, April 5 U.S. stocks ended lower after a late afternoon reversal on Wednesday following signals from the Federal Reserve that it could change its bond investment policy this year, quenching a rally sparked by a strong private sector jobs report.
Based on the latest available data, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 41.02 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.22, the S&P 500 had lost 7.25 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,352.91 and the Nasdaq Composite had dropped 34.13 points, or 0.58 percent, to 5,864.48. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by James Dalgleish)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
January 2nd, 2017
President-elect Donald Trump is doubling down on Russia hacking skepticism as they say they will reveal “things that other people don't know.” Are they preparing to reverse the Obama administration's sanctions when they take the oath of office in just 18 days? NBC's Kristen Welker reports for TODAY.
May 3 Russia's top non-state gas producer Novatek says:
* Signed a framework agreement on strategic cooperation with Technip, Linde AG and Research and Design Institute for Gas Processing (NIPIGas);
* Parties agreed upon main conditions for designing and developing future LNG plants based on gravity-based structures for Arctic LNG 2 as well as subsequent Novatek's LNG projects;
* Signed license agreement with Linde AG to purchase Linde's license on natural gas liquefaction technology for Arctic LNG s project. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Moscow Newsroom)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
LONDON (Reuters) - In the absence of Kyle Walker, Kyle Walker-Peters played right back for Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday -- a sentence that does not contain a misprint.
By one of football's most bizarre coincidences, the 20-year-old Walker-Peters made their Premier League debut in Spurs' 2-0 win at Newcastle United by replacing their near namesake who was sold to Manchester City for 50 million pounds.
So assured was the new man that for long stretches fans struggled to notice any drop in quality on Spurs' flank and Walker-Peters was named man of the match in a comfortable Tottenham win.
Walker-Peters, a product of the Tottenham academy, got their chance only because Walker's natural replacement Kieran Trippier suffered an ankle injury and chairperson Daniel Levy has yet to spend any money this summer.
Last week manager Mauricio Pochettino said Walker-Peters was not ready and the club were actively seeking a new right back.
"We cannot think that if Kieran is weeks out of the team that Kyle can replace him," said Pochettino after they played Juventus. "I think we are working (to get another right back)."
Walker-Peters featured in all Spurs' pre-season games in the United States and played more than 45 minutes last weekend against Juventus at Wembley Stadium.
With no replacement secured, Pochettino told Walker-Peters on Saturday that they would be in the side. "I found out yesterday in training," the player said on Sunday. "I was a bit nervy but nerves are good.
"I was buzzing to make my Premier League debut, get three points and get man of the match."
Walker-Peters came from the academy that also produced midfielder Harry Winks and was a member of the England under-20 side who won the World Cup in South Korea this year.
They seldom looked out of place against Newcastle, days after Tottenham's injured left back, Danny Rose, caused a storm by saying they would consider a move if an attractive enough offer came in because no-one was paid enough at Spurs.
Although Rose was soon forced into a public apology, their case for a pay rise will hardly have been strengthened by the presence of such obvious young talent coming through the ranks.
If Levy still has not opened their cheque book by next Sunday, and with Trippier unlikely to be fit, an even bigger test awaits Walker-Peters at Wembley next Sunday when Spurs play their first home game against Chelsea.
The signs are they are ready for it.
Media Contact
Steve Humphries
***@automotiveonly.com
800.591.5719 Ext 700 Steve Humphries800.591.5719 Ext 700
End
-- AutomotiveOnly.com today announced that their GeoMobile Marketing platform has been integrated into the Abandoned Shoppers Dashboard.CEO, Steve Humphries made the announcement today saying "Now all of the Shoppers personal data that we capture in a competitor's showroom with GeoMobile will be integrated into the Abandoned Shoppers Dashboard.Abandoned Shoppers is a proprietary platform that captures personal information (name, address, email, compliant telephone) of Shoppers that visit a dealership website (direct and referral traffic), including a Shoppers individual website journey (capturing pages viewed, etc.). Dealers are able to communicate directly with these Shoppers through email and text messages, log their interaction and push the info to their CRM.GeoMobile Maketing is a proprietary geofencing platform that not only serves banner ads to Shoppers in a competitor's showroom, but also captures Shoppers personal information (name, address, email, compliant telephone, credit score range, make/model of vehicle ownership).Humphries added "The integration fsbdt now allows dealers that subscribe to both platforms to view and manage all data in one comprehensive dashboard. This integration will send instant emails to GeoMoible Shoppers upon data capture and allow dealers to manage all of the data, including communication (email/text)with the click of a mouse in the Abandoned Shoppers Dashboard". AutomotiveOnly.com , LLC is a full-service automotive digital advertising agency and a leader in automotive consumer data capture technology with Abandoned Shoppers and GeoMoible Marketing. AutomotiveOnly.com also offers traditional digital marketing platforms including Conquest Email, SEO, SEM, Retargeting, Video Pre-roll, Facebook Marketing and more reaching Auto Shoppers at every point of consideration.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
LONDON Actress Gemma Arterton joins forces with fellow Britons Sam Claflin and Bill Nighy in heart-warming film "Their Finest", playing a writer asked to pen a movie to lift morale in World War Two Britain.
The 31-year-old is known for their roles in "Quantum of Solace" and "Gemma Bovery" and recently took to the London stage in "Saint Joan".
In an interview with Reuters, Arterton spoke about their new movie as well as gender disparity in film. They also called for solidarity among women after critics criticized fellow actor Emma Watson for a revealing Vanity Fair photo shoot, which they said betrayed the "Harry Potter" star's feminist ideals.
Here are excerpts from the interview:
Q: What was it like to play this role?
A: "It was such a great opportunity for me to play someone so strong-willed but not necessarily a front-footed fighter like I usually play. It was nice to play somebody reluctant and observant and shy."
Q: Your character Catrin offers audiences a window into what it was like to be a woman in the 1940s in the film industry. What is it like now?
A: "I think that it's a really great time to be a woman in the film industry at the moment because I mean we've had this sort of big hoo-ha which is needed ... We've brought Hollywood and the rest of the world has brought up these problems, these disparities and actually now people are starting to see the changes and people are starting to talk about it."
Q: What do you think when you see someone like Emma Watson being criticized for not being a real feminist after the photo shoot they did? Does it make you angry?
A: "Oh yeah. It's a really - it's weird you know. I think we should just be supportive of each other. I think Emma Watson is an incredible role model and she's done so much for women's rights ... Part of the problem is that ... sometimes the biggest enemy is other women not supporting each other and we should just support each other, it's ridiculous."
Q: In this film the characters are making a movie with the hope of getting America to join the war. How important is cinema today and does that affect what movies you chose to make?
A: "Sometimes in really desperate times great art is made because it is one of the most powerful tools ... They try to take it away from people but actually it's something, I think it's part of human nature to express."
(Reporting By Sarah Mills and George Sargent; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Luton defender Jack Stacey has urged their side to drive home their advantage at the top of League Two when they face Exeter at Kenilworth Road this afternoon.
Victory for the Hatters could put them 11 points clear at the summit after they wasted the opportunity to do so on Tuesday night, losing 3-2 at home to now second-placed Wycombe Wanderers.
A home win would also see Town move 12 ahead of today's opponents with 15 games to go, as Stacey said: “It was disappointing from Saturday (against Grimsby) doing so well with 10 men to keep a clean sheet and then going 1-0 down in the first minute, but we still believed the whole game we could get back into the game.
“Elliot (Lee) scored two great goals, and we had belief at half time that if we kept playing our way, we'd create chances.
"We did create chances, but none of them went into the back of the net for us.
“However, we need a bit of perspective too. We're still 10 points ahead of fourth, and we've got a great opportunity Saturday to push ourselves ahead of another team who in that pack behind us, so that's all we can look forward to now.”
Boss Nathan Jones was of a similar opinion too, as they want their team to stop turning down the opportunity to forge an impressive lead.
They continued: “We've had chances and haven't taken them in the past, so it's a chance for us to get back on track first and foremost, as we want to get our performance level back on track.
"On Tuesday night, attacking-wise we were excellent, we really were, defensively we were poor, because we conceded from two counter attacks and they had a set-play too.
"Defensively, that's our biggest work. We've worked solidly on defending set-plays, we work solidly on defending the counter attack because we know we have a proactive structure, so that was the disappointing thing.
"But going forward I thought we were excellent, I thought we caused a good League Two side a lot of problems and the keeper was outstanding.
"The trouble was, every time we've had those (big games), at times we come out on the negative side of it.
"But in terms of performance levels, we're not in a bad place, it's just we need to tighten up and if we tightened up then it would have given us a better chance to win the game.”
Standing in their way is an Exeter side in excellent form themselves, winning three in a row to trail Luton by nine points with two games in hand.
Hatters won 4-1 at St James' Park back in October with a blistering 10-minute spell after half time, when they scored three times in 10 minutes.
Stacey, who played 38 games for the Grecians while on loan last season, added: “They were very good in the first 45, but in the end, our play, we created chances and ended up winning the game.
"We know it's going to be a test, as that first 45 is probably the best 45 we've played against this season, so it's going to be a good game.”
NEW YORK Firms that sell their Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLO) may end up in the precarious position of holding millions of dollars of debt in funds they no longer manage.
Intended to ensure managers have skin in the game, risk-retention rules require firms to hold 5% of their fund. But questions about the rules application linger four months after the regulation went into effect, an impediment to the issuance of new funds. As the biggest buyer of leveraged loans, fewer CLOs may mean less capital for companies to refinance or back acquisitions.
The rule, part of the Dodd-Frank Act, states that a sponsor, defined as the entity that organizes and initiates the transaction, must hold the retention. In a CLO, these actions take place before a deal is completed, so the original manager is typically the sponsor, according to Sean Solis, a partner at law firm Dechert LLP who focuses on structured products.
The original manager, then, even if it is replaced due to a sale of the fund, would still be required to hold the retention. With an expectation more managers may sell their funds if they are unable or unwilling to comply with the rules, the CLO market is working to quickly address the succession question.
“There isn't a certainty in the rules about what happens if a manager resigns or is removed and replaced, about who will be the sponsor of the transaction at that point,” Solis said. “In the absence of guidance, everyone is assuming the manager who was the sponsor, even if removed, continues to be the sponsor and will need to still hold the risk retention.”
Some managers and investors have sought to include language in new CLOs to address succession, Solis said. Proposed language would allow for a new manager to purchase the risk-retention securities at a fair market value.
The provision may not be too helpful, though, unless the Securities and Exchange Commission says a new manager can step in as the sponsor and act as the risk retainer, they said.
It is unclear if the term has been included in a final deal document.
An SEC spokesperson declined to comment.
To comply with risk retention, managers may buy a vertical strip, which is 5% of every tranche of a CLO, or 5% of the face amount of all of the fund's tranches that is held in the equity slice, which is known as a horizontal strip. Firms may also buy a combination of a vertical and horizontal strip.
EURO CLO PROVISIONS
European CLOs have already addressed the question of replacement managers and have included disclosures in deal documents since shortly after European risk-retention rules took effect in 2011, according to James Warbey, a partner in the London office of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy.
The European Union rules state that in most cases the retention must be held by the entity that established and is managing the transaction. In the risk factors section of a euro CLO offering document, a provision highlights the point that replacing the collateral manager may lead the fund to be non-compliant, Warbey said.
To address the issue, in the contractual provision portion of the document, language is included that says a manager is allowed to transfer its risk-retention holding to a replacement manager if it complies with European risk-retention rules.
This provision, however, has yet to be tested, so it is unclear if regulators would approve, they said.
The US CLO market is also unsure if regulators would approve a similar provision and is a reason some participants have been reluctant to include language in deal documents that define a replacement manager retention transfer process.
(Reporting by Kristen Haunss; Editing by Chris Mangham and Jon Methven)
BRATISLAVA, March 29 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Slovak financial markets on Wednesday. ALL TIMES GMT (Slovak Republic: GMT + 1 hour) =========================ECONOMIC DATA======================== Real-time economic data releases.................. Summary of economic data and forecasts......... Recently released economic data................ Previous stories on Slovak data.......... **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/1C/events-overview ============================NEWS================================ CURRENT ACCOUNT: Slovakia's current account showed a deficit of 169 million euros ($183.60 million) in January after a revised deficit of 520 million euros in December, the central bank said on Tuesday. Story: Related stories: ECB: European Central Bank (ECB) Governing Council member Jozef Makuch said on Tuesday the bank needed to see if the current inflation development was sustainable, at least in the medium term, before considering changing policy. Story: Related stories: GROWTH OUTLOOK: The Slovak central bank expects the economy to grow by 3.2 percent in 2017 before accelerating to 4.2 percent next year, it said in quarterly macroeconomic outlook on Tuesday. Story: Related stories: IMMIGRATION: The leaders of four Central European countries vowed on Tuesday not to be blackmailed by threats of financial punishment from Brussels if they don't join in the relocation of thousands of Middle Eastern and African refugees. Story: Related stories: ===================PRESS DIGEST================================= PEUGEOT CITROEN: France's carmaker Peugeot Citroen will hire 500 new people at its Slovak plant as it prepares to add engine production to its portfolio as of 2019, the Slovak plant CEO Stephane Bonhommeau said. SME, page 7 RETAIL: Slovakia's parliament passed a law on Tuesday that will require all shops except gas stations, pharmacies and souvenir shops close on all bank holidays, or fifteen and a half days a year. SME, page 7 (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX Main currency report TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets News editor of the day: Jan Lopatka on +420 224 190 474 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
Hundreds of anti-Syria terrorists started evacuating from an enclave in Lebanon on the border with Syria after the defeat of Takfiri terrorists during a Hezbollah offensive.
Buses carrying 300 Saraya Ahl al-Sham terrorists and 3,000 Syrian refugees left eastern Arsal on Monday at 10:00 a.m. local time, the Lebanon-based Arabic-language Al-Manar television network reported.
The departure comes as part of an agreement that followed a July's offensive by the Lebanese resistance movement and the Syrian Army to drive out terrorists from their last stronghold in the border area between Lebanon and Syria, Press TV wrote.
Earlier this month, the Lebanese resistance movement said its fighters had regained control over all areas in Arsal, which lies about 124 kilometers northeast of Beirut.
Al-Nusra Front terrorists, now known as Fateh al-Sham, withdrew following a series of consecutive defeats that forced them to agree to a cease-fire.
Under the deal, the Syrian government will shuttle the terrorists and their families to Idlib Province and some other areas.
The Lebanese security official overseeing the arrangements, General Abbas Ibrahim, said on Friday that a group of the refugees would go to the government-held area of Assal al-Ward along the Syrian-Lebanese border.
They said the terrorists and their families will be headed to another part of Syria, without elaborating.
However, a military media unit run by the resistance movement said last week that they would go to the Al-Ruhaiba town in the Eastern Qalamoun region, which is held by the Takfiri terrorists.
Hezbollah Secretary General Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah stressed on Sunday that the areas liberated from the control of the terrorists would be handed over to the Lebanese Army.
April 13 Blue Cap Ag
* FY sales after revenue reductions of 96.6 million euros ($103.04 million) (previous year 79.8 million euros)
* FY prelim EBIT of 4.2 million euros (prior year: 3.7 million euros) and consolidated net profit after tax of 1.4 million euros (previous year 1.2 million euros)
* For Q1 sees sales and earnings jump over the previous year's quarter
* Sees Q1 revenue of 35 million euros with an EBITDA of 2.5 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9375 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 KPJ Healthcare Bhd:
* Proposes share split involving the subdivision of every 1 ordinary share in KPJ into 4 ordinary shares in KPJ
* Proposed share split is not expected to have any material effect on the earnings of the KPJ group for the FY ending 31 december 2017 Source text: [bit.ly/2pGR3xO] Further company coverage:
End
-- Anil Ambani headed Reliance Group's Internet of Things (IoT) business unit 'Unlimit' has signed a strategic partnership with global IoT software provider Cumulocity. This collaboration is executed with the view to create a suite of new products and services for a new platform named Enablement.Through this platform, businesses will be able to connect any device over any network, and manage and store data. This can be controlled in real-time by monitoring device availability and administering and rectifying device faults.This newly launched product line will carry off-the-shelf applications for main verticals such as healthcare, financial services and asset tracking and industrial automation. It can also be used across the globe and/or altered to suit the unique demands of Indian market."With the number of connected devices in India projected to rise from 200 million today to 3 billion by 2020, nearly every part of the economy will be positively impacted by IoT. We are delighted to partner with Cumulocity to launch our new platform 'Enablement' and unlock the full potential of the Internet of Things for our customers and make the benefits of IoT virtually unlimited," said Juergen Hase, Chief Executive Officer, Unlimit.Along with Cumulocity's advanced IoT application, the partnership extends Unlimit's connectivity offerings and the 'Enablement' platform. This collaboration will enable Unlimit's customers to benefit from rapid machine, sensor and device integration, as well as data collection and real-time analytics for condition monitoring, the company statement confirmed.Last year in November, the corporate giant Reliance Group had partnered with Cisco owned Jasper to launch a dedicated Internet of Things (IoT) business unit called "Unlimit" to offer IoT solutions to Indian and international enterprise customers.Reference Link: https://techfactslive.com/ reliance-group- unlimit-launches... Website Link: http://www.relianceada.com/ ada/index.html
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has approved the deployment of Russian warplanes on a disputed island near Japan, accelerating the area's militarisation at a time when Moscow's ties with Tokyo are strained over the roll-out of a U.S. missile system.
In a decree published late on Thursday, Medvedev allowed the Russian Defence Ministry to use a civilian airport on the island of Iturup, as it is known by Russia, or Etorofu, as it is called in Japan, for its warplanes.
The island was one of four seized by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two and is located off the north-east coast of Hokkaido, Japan's biggest prefecture. The dispute over the islands, known as the Kuriles in Russia and the Northern Territories in Japan, is so acrimonious that Moscow and Tokyo have not yet signed a peace treaty to mark the end of the war.
Medvedev's decree is the latest step in a Russian military build-up that has seen Moscow deploy some of its newest missile defence systems to the islands and plan to build a naval base there even as it continues talks about the territorial dispute.
The decree was published days before deputy foreign ministers from the two countries are due to hold talks about co-operation on the disputed islands and at a time when Russia is concerned that Japan is allowing Washington to use its territory as a base for a U.S. military build-up in north Asia under the pretext of countering North Korea.
MORE OPTIONS
It is unclear whether Russia will permanently deploy warplanes to the island, which hosted a Soviet air base during the Cold War, or use its airport as and when needed.
FILE PHOTO: Japan Coast Guard vessel PS08 Kariba sails off Cape Nosappu, easternmost point in Japan, in Nemuro on Hokkaido island, as part of a group of islands known as the Northern Territories in Japan and the Southern Kuriles in Russia can be seen in the background April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Issei Kato/File Photo
The newspaper Kommersant cited an unnamed military source as saying the move would give the Russian military more options.
“This move should show the aerodrome's readiness for fighter planes that patrol our borders to be temporarily based there,” the source was quoted as saying.
The same source was quoted as saying that Russia was particularly concerned about a Japanese plan to deploy more Aegis U.S. missile systems in its Akita and Yagamata prefectures.
The Japanese embassy in Moscow said the Russian move ran counter to what Tokyo was trying to achieve.
“We believe this could result in Russia's military power being strengthened on the four islands and that contradicts Japan's position on the islands,” it said in a statement.
“We need a solution to the territorial problem itself in order to fundamentally address this kind of problems.”
Tokyo would keep holding talks with Russia to try to resolve the wider territorial dispute, the embassy said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Niall Currie has turned to some familiar faces for their first signings as Portadown manager.
Jordan Lyttle and Marcio Soares - two Shamrock Park youth products - have signed from Crusaders, with Currie also adding Shea McGerrigan, a player they previously worked with at Loughgall.
Currie is facing one of the most important transfer windows in club history as the Ports attempt to add players to the panel capable of completing a dramatic rescue mission in escaping relegation.
Defeat to Ballinamallard United last week has left Portadown propping up the Danske Bank Premiership table on three points from 23 games - with Carrick Rangers next in line and 10 clear of Currie's men.
The Ports host Glentoran tomorrow (Tuesday) at Shamrock Park and Currie has confirmed the three signings remain eligible for the big game.
“We managed to get everything processed in time for the Glentoran match so that will give everyone a boost,” said Currie. “You could see on Friday after the Ballinamallard game how we need to increase our options.
“Pace is something we have really been missing but Shea and Marcio can certainly add that in the final third.
“Centre-back Jordan has had a horrible time with injuries but signs for us off the back of five or six games with Crusaders under 20s and, having watched them in training, they look ready.
“Marcio can get in behind teams and cause defenders problems with their pace and style.
“Shea is a player I have admired for a long time and someone I consider to have Danske Bank Premiership quality.
“He gets the ball and wants to attack the opposition so that is a real bonus to bring in that ability to get past players and create.
“We hope to have other players confirmed before the weekend and we want the squad to really take shape as quickly as possible.”
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Oil and gas producer Anadarko Petroleum Corp (APC.N) reported a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss on Tuesday, as expenses rose about 53 percent, failing to offset gains from higher crude prices.
North American oil producers faced prolonged weakness in crude prices after oil hit near-record lows in February 2016, which chewed into their profit margins and eroded cash flows.
Anadarko's total costs and expenses surged to $3.88 billion in the first quarter ended March 31, from $2.54 billion in the year-ago period.
Exploration expenses rose more than eight-fold to $1.09 billion, the company said.
However, average sales prices for oil were higher in the quarter at $50.34 per barrel, from $29.65 a year ago.
Total oil and gas sales volumes averaged 795,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d), slightly lower when compared with 827,000 boe/d a year ago.
Net loss attributable to the company narrowed to $318 million, or 58 cents per share, from $1.03 billion, or $2.03 per share.
On an adjusted basis, Anadarko lost 60 cents per share, largely missing analysts' average estimate of a loss of 24 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The Texas-based company's revenue more-than-doubled to $3.77 billion.
Anadarko's shares were down 3.6 percent at $54.25 in after-hours trading.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
FILE PHOTO: An ice sculpture of the Olympic rings is seen during the Pyeongchang Winter Festival, near the venue for the opening and closing ceremony of the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL North Korea will be allowed to travel to South Korea for the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics if it wishes to take part, Seoul's Unification Ministry said on Monday.
North Korean athletes need approval from Seoul to enter the South as the 1950-53 Korean War ended with a truce, not a peace treaty, leaving the two Koreas technically in a state of war.
The ministry's comments come after Choi Moon-soon, the governor of the 2018 host city's province, said on Sunday that a North Korean sports official had told them the North wanted to take part in the Games.
A North Korea sports delegation is currently in South Korea to take part in an international ice hockey competition in Gangneung, which will host some events during the 2018 Games.
Speaking in response to a question regarding North Korea's participation at the Olympics, ministry spokesperson Lee Duk-haeng said there were no sanctions in place that prevented them from taking part.
"On North Korea participating in a sports event in South Korea, if they apply to come under regulations and procedures, our position is to approve it under regulations and procedures," they added.
Seoul has also approved a trip to North Korea by the South's women's soccer team to take part qualifiers for the 2018 AFC Women's Asian Cup.
Group B of qualifying for the Asian Cup finals in Jordan will be held in Pyongyang from April 3-11, with Hong Kong, Uzbekistan and India also involved. The match between the two Koreas is scheduled for Friday.
Tensions on the peninsula are currently high, with South Korea saying late last month that the North was ready to carry out a new nuclear test.
(Writing by Peter Rutherford; Editing by John O'Brien)
I am a gay man of 29 and I have no paternal instincts. The man I have been dating for over a year now wants to get married and have children but I don't think this is for me.
I love my life too much, I love travelling, going out for dinner and cultural activities. While I definitely don't want to be alone – I want to have a partner to share my life – this feels like a pretty significant road block. I'm not sure if one day I will want to be a parent or if it will never be for me. Do I keep it going with my partner in the hope that one day I will want to have kids or do I cut my losses now and enjoy the life I have?
My father died when I was young and I got a lot of responsibility early in life. When I got to 18 and left for college, I loved the sense of independence I had and I still do. I have a lot of duty towards my Mum and I love them hugely but they depend on me to be the main person at Christmas and family events and I go to weddings with her, even now.
My two younger siblings are living in Australia and seem to be settled there so there is no support coming from that end. My partner is very good with my Mum and all they want is to have a large extended family with all the connections and trappings. I know that this relationship would be perfect fit for my life now but I feel a resistance that I can't shake.
You are experiencing a problem that many couples have – one person wants to move to the marriage and children scenario while the other is completely unsure if that is for them at all; this does not indicate a lack of love in the relationship but rather very divergent expectations of life. Being elevated to a position of semi-parenting at a young age clearly has had an impact and this position still seems to be in place even though you are almost 30 now. There are two issues here: your need to separate from your Mum and the other, facing into the commitment issues in your relationship.
It is always difficult for parents to let go their children, but where there has been a loss, it is even more difficult. Your Mum has relied on you and it seems that a lot of this has been good for both of you but you are not their partner and it may be time for them to consider opening up to other relationships or at least creating a life for themselves that does not depend on you to such an extent.
Them sense of loss may be exacerbated by the emigration of their other children and it would be very normal for them to hold on to the son who is left with all their energy. The aim is for them to have confidence in your love and affection without the need to have you by their side all the time.
You will need to have many conversations with them where all this is discussed and where both your concerns and needs can be verbalised. It may be important to involve your siblings in this conversation also as they may have options for your Mum, such as inviting them to go to Australia for a number of months, etc. It can often happen that when one person pulls back from a relationship, the other becomes frightened and holds on even tighter. This is why this new structure will take time for your Mum to accept.
The issue with your partner seems to be a make or break issue as they sound as though they are certain of a long-term future with you that includes children. Many partners are willing to stay in this type of situation, hoping that the other person will come around eventually but they need to be very clear what the situation is. You may never want to have children or you may never want to commit fully to one person and it is up to you to be honest and open about this. You say you want both a partner to share your life with and also the freedom to be independent and single.
These are opposites and the desire for both can lead to a repeating of this current scenario, where you are attracted to someone who is a life-sharing type of person and you reject them for exactly the same reason. Now might be a good time to address this contradiction and a few sessions with a psychotherapist/psychologist could help bring understanding and clarity to you. Your partner will need to be involved in this as it is also their future that is on the table and you might consider inviting them to your sessions.
April 28 Astellas Pharma Inc
* Says Astellas and LTL Pharma Co., Ltd.confirmed the relevant closing conditions are met on April 28 to allow the transfer of the assets related to Astellas' 16 long-listed products in Japan to LTL Pharma
* Astellas and LTL Pharma have now satisfied the pre-agreed conditions to close the transaction, with Astellas having received 20.1 billion yen as a result
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/mw3vLH
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SOCHI, Russia, April 29 Lewis Hamilton shrugged off a disappointing Russian Grand Prix qualifying on Saturday, with Ferrari sweeping the front row for the first time in nearly nine years, as "just one of those weekends".
The triple Formula One world champion will line up in fourth place for Mercedes, with teammate Valtteri Bottas third and behind the pole-sitting championship leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen.
"It's not every weekend that goes perfectly smoothly," said Hamilton, the winner in China who has a hard road ahead of them on Sunday to prevent Vettel increasing their seven-point advantage.
Hamilton had struggled in practice to get the tyres up to temperature, despite warm conditions at a track that has favoured Mercedes ever since its debut in 2014.
"We worked towards improving the car but generally it got worse and worse... I think it was just the balance that we had," added the Briton.
"Over tonight we'll do some studying and try to turn any negatives into positives. We should hopefully be in a better position tomorrow after the changes we made for today, and I'm hopeful that the race will be stronger."
With Vettel enjoying a pre-eminent position at Ferrari, having won two of the first three races and scored twice as many points as their teammate, there is a risk of Raikkonen 'riding shotgun' and holding up rivals as the German gets away.
Raikkonen, the 2007 world champion, has not been on the podium since July last year and Saturday was the first time the Finn had qualified on the front row since Ferrari's home Italian Grand Prix in September 2015.
It was also Ferrari's first pole since 2015, ending a run of 18 by Mercedes.
Hamilton said, however, that they were still hopeful of a four-way battle.
"I'm in fourth so at the moment it doesn't matter what's happening with the guys on the front row," they said. "I guess I just take it as it comes.
"I think Kimi has been very quick this weekend and they obviously only just missed out on pole... I can't imagine it is going to be a case of Sebastian pulling away," said the two-times winner in Russia.
"Kimi is on it this weekend so hopefully it's a race between the four of us... I hope that's the case but I'll find out when the lights go out." (Editing by Clare Fallon)
India v Australia - Second Test cricket match - M Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru, India - 05/03/17. India's captain Virat Kohli (C) celebrates the wicket of Australia's Mitchell Marsh with teammates. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui
DHARAMSALA, India India captain Virat Kohli declared that their friendship with Australia's cricketers was over after their team triumphed 2-1 in the acrimonious four-test series between the world's top two test teams on Tuesday.
Despite their struggles with the bat, and an injury that kept them out of the final test, Kohli has remained in the eye of a raging storm since criticising counterpart Steve Smith, who acknowledged they had a 'brain fade' in the second test.
Smith had gestured to the dressing room seeking guidance on whether to review an umpiring decision in the Bengaluru test, although Australia dismissed Kohli's allegation that the tourists had committed several such breaches of the rules.
The feisty India captain sustained a shoulder injury in the third test in Ranchi, where they were mocked by Australian Glenn Maxwell who clutched their shoulder after diving to save a boundary just like Kohli had done before hurting himself.
The bad blood spilled in the final test at Dharamsala too.
India's Ravindra Jadeja exchanged words with Australian stumper Matthew Wade while Smith, according to the Cricket Australia website, was seen on TV mouthing abuse after Murali Vijay did not catch Josh Hazlewood cleanly but still appealed.
NOT FRIENDS
Kohli, asked if they still remained on friendly terms with the Australian cricketers, as they had said before the series, said, "No, it has changed. I thought that was the case, but it has changed for sure.
"As I said, in the heat of the battle you want to be competitive but I've been proven wrong.
"The thing I said before the first test, that has certainly changed and you won't hear me say that ever again."
Smith's tone was more conciliatory as the Australia skipper apologised for their outburst after their team's eight-wicket defeat at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium.
"I have sort of been very intense in my own little bubble, and at times I have let my emotions and actions just falter a little bit throughout this series and I apologise for that," Smith said.
"That's a big stride for me moving forward and something I can really learn from and continue to grow as an individual and as a leader."
The 27-year-old, however, was upset that the media team of the Indian cricket board (BCCI) posted the video of the Jadeja-Wade spat on social media.
"I was a little bit disappointed that the BCCI sits through the archive to find a conversation out in the field that was happening between Matty and Jadeja.
"It happened between both sides throughout the series. The fact that they have done that to us is a little bit disappointing. I think usually what's said on the field stays on the field."
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
The International Monetary Fund logo is seen during the IMF/World Bank spring meetings in Washington, U.S., April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
CAIRO An International Monetary Fund (IMF) delegation will arrive in Cairo on Sunday to review Egypt's progress on economic reforms before it disburses the second installment of a $12-billion loan program, the Finance Ministry said.
The IMF delegation will stay until May 11 and meet with officials from the ministry and the central bank, the ministry said in a statement.
Egypt agreed the three-year program with the IMF in November, after floating its Egyptian pound currency in a dramatic move aimed at unlocking foreign inflows and boosting exports after a long-running dollar shortage threatened to paralyze the economy.
It promised a raft of tough reforms, including narrowing its budget deficit, in return for the $12-billion loan package from the IMF and a host of other bilateral backers with payments spread over three years and linked to progress on reforms.
The IMF released a first installment of $2.75 billion in November, shortly after the deal was agreed.
Egypt has said it expects to receive the second installment, worth $1.25 billion, in May or June, once the IMF review has been completed.
IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde told Reuters in February Egypt was making good progress on reforms.
As part of reform efforts, Egypt has introduced a Value Added Tax (VAT) and secured $4 billion in eurobonds from international markets in an oversubscribed issuance.
It is also part way through a program to reform power and fuel subsidies and is preparing to privatize several state owned banks and energy companies.
(Reporting by Amina Ismail, editing by Lin Noueihed)
(Corrects headline and first sentence to GM leading Canada sales in March, not FCA; corrects GM Canada's monthly sales in paragraph 4 to include fleet sales, which changes GM's monthly figure to 30,115 instead of 21,979; corrects GM's percentage increase to 22.9 instead of 27.2 in paragraph 4)
TORONTO, April 3 The Canadian arm of General Motors led auto sales in Canada for the month of March, and also posted the biggest surge in monthly sales.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles sales were up marginally in March, with 26,531 cars and trucks sold during the month, compared with 26,469 a year ago.
Ford Motor Co sold a total of 26,487 cars and trucks in Canada last month, up from 26,447, a rise of just 0.2 percent, as Ford car sales in Canada fell nearly 20 percent for the month.
GM Canada reported double-digit sales growth, driven by truck sales. It sold 30,115 total vehicles in March, an increase of 22.9 percent from a year ago when it sold 24,498 cars and trucks.
In the United States, March figures came in below market expectations, adding to concerns that the boom in U.S. auto sales may be waning. Shares of the three big automakers fell, with GM and FCA falling nearly 4 percent, while Ford was down 3 percent. (Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
England v Pakistan - Fourth One Day International - Headingley - 1/9/16.Pakistan's Mohammad Irfan celebrates taking the wicket of England's Alex HalesAction Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
Pakistan fast bowler Mohammad Irfan has been suspended for a year and fined 1 million rupees (764,881 pounds) after failing to disclose two approaches made by bookmakers during this year's Pakistan Super League (PSL), the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) said on Wednesday.
The 34-year-old, who played for Islamabad United in the 2017 PSL, admitted the charges levelled against them by the PCB's anti-corruption unit.
The PCB will review the suspension after six months, at which point Irfan's contract may be restored. Over seven feet tall, they have played four tests, 60 one-day internationals and 20 Twenty20 internationals.
The PCB said last month it was investigating whether an international betting syndicate was trying to influence matches in the PSL.
"You are aware that on March 14 the board called in and suspended me on the basis of two allegations, out of which I accept that it was my fault that I failed to let the board know when bookies approached me," Irfan told reporters on Wednesday.
"I am formally asking the nation for their forgiveness and hope that I will be pardoned by them."
Pakistan were involved in spot-fixing case in 2010 when three players - Mohammad Amir, Mohammad Asif and Salman Butt - were suspended and later jailed for their part in incidents during a test match against England at Lord's.
All three are now playing competitively again, with Amir part of the Karachi Kings' squad for this season's PSL.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru,; editing by Julian Shea and Ed Osmond)
A vendor receives Chinese money after selling North Korean goods to tourists on a boat taking them from the Chinese side of the Yalu River for sightseeing close to the shores of North Korea, near Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People gather around a fortune teller in front of the Broken and Friendship bridges across the Yalu River in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Workers stand on pile of goods at a port near North Korean town of Sinuiju, across the Yalu River from Dandong, in China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A couple gets ready for their wedding photo session on a boat that takes tourists from Chinese side of the Yalu River for sightseeing close to the shores of North Korea, near Dandong, China's Liaoning province, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Tourists gather to watch North Korean side of the Yalu River from the Broken Bridge, bombed by the U.S. forces in the Korean War and now a tourist site, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Tourists look from a boat taking them from the Chinese side of the Yalu River for sightseeing close to the shores of North Korea, near Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A souvenir vendor takes a nap in front of barbed wire marking the border between North Korea and China, just north of Dandong in China's Liaoning province, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A man pauses at the banks of the Yalu River across from the North Korean town of Sinuiju, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A woman exercises as a man stands at the banks of the Yalu River across from the North Korean town of Sinuiju, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Tourists travel on a boat taking them from the Chinese side of the Yalu River for sightseeing close to the shores of North Korea, near Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Tourists from the Chinese side of the Yalu River sail in front of a North Korean boat ferrying people north of the town of Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A rocking chair is placed on the balcony of a luxury apartment overlooking the North Korean town of Sinuiju, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean farmers work in a field as a section of the Great Wall is seen on the Chinese side of the Yalu River, north of the town of Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning province, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A security officer guards an entrance of a luxury apartment complex built and offered for sale on the Moon Island on the Yalu River, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
The North Korean side of the Yalu River and the Broken Bridge, bombed by U.S. forces in the Korean War and now a tourist site, are seen from a hotel room in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Tourists walk on the Broken Bridge, bombed by the U.S. forces in the Korean War and now a tourist site, over the Yalu River that divides North Korea and China, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Tourists pose with Chinese flag on a boat taking them from the Chinese side of the Yalu River for sightseeing close to the the shores of North Korea, near Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Men rest on the North Korean side of the Yalu River north of the town of Sinuiju, North Korea, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers react as a boat sails from the Chinese side of the Yalu River, north of the North Korean town of Sinuiju and Dandong in China's Liaoning province, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A girl stands on a ferry on the North Korean side of the Yalu River, just north of Sinuiju, North Korea, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Lights are turned on on the Friendship and the Broken bridges over the Yalu River connecting the North Korean town of Sinuiju and Dandong in China's Liaoning province, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A man carrying fishing net wades through shallow waters of the Yalu River between China and North Korea, north of Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A North Korean soldier sits on a bank of the Yalu River just north of Sinuiju, North Korea, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers patrol behind a border fence near the North Korean town of Sinuiju and Dandong in China's Liaoning province, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A woman in traditional dress invites customers to a North Korean restaurant on the banks of the Yalu River in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A man sits between binoculars they offer to tourists to watch the North Korean side of the Yalu River from the Broken Bridge, bombed by the U.S. forces in the Korean War and now a tourist site, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
The sun rises through fog over the Friendship and the Broken bridges over the Yalu River connecting the North Korean town of Sinuiju and Dandong in China's Liaoning province, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
NANPING/DANDONG, China In the Northeast Asia Special Region straddling China's border with North Korea, the area around Nanping village is dotted with half-finished buildings, cranes on empty lots, piles of concrete pipes and a few construction workers.
(For a map of the China-North Korea border region click here)
What was planned in 2011 as a 30 billion yuan (£3.49 billion) development intended to showcase economic engagement between the two countries has stalled in recent months. No reasons have been given and no announcements have been made in official media.
About 700 km (430 miles) to the south, near the city of Dandong, the New Yalu River Bridge connecting the two countries lies unfinished. It was planned in 2010 at a cost of 2.2 billion yuan, but stands now as a monument to the slowdown in economic ties.
A Reuters team visiting the area saw some signs of trade - trucks coming across another bridge over the Yalu and boats being loaded with goods on the North Korean side of the river.
Beijing appears sensitive about the North Korea issue - a Reuters journalist who visited the Northeast Asia Special Region near China's city of Helong last week was escorted out by police.
"Right now tensions are so high between China and North Korea that even this economic zone is a sensitive topic," local official Wang Fusheng said.
The Helong local government declined further comment.
China's relations with North Korea are expected to be high on the agenda when Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump hold their first summit meeting this week. Washington wants China to do more to rein in the unpredictable North's nuclear and missile programs, while Beijing has said it does not have that kind of influence.
Trump raised the pressure on Sunday, holding out the possibility of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation.
China has taken steps to increase economic pressure on Pyongyang but has long been unwilling to do anything that may destabilise the North and send millions of refugees across their border.
The slowdown in the economic relationship between the two countries became marked after North Korea's fourth nuclear test in January 2016 and a series of missile launches since then.
GLOBAL TRADE HUB
The development plan for the Northeast Asia Special Region was to link Helong with North Korea's Maofeng International Tourism Zone and its port city of Chongjin in an area that would feature golf courses, blueberry fields, horse riding, logistics hubs and trade in everything from timber to textiles.
The region is intended to connect China and North Korea via air, road and freight train routes, according to information on billboards in China's Nanping village, where North Korea is just across the winding Tumen River.
The ultimate aim is to export products from both countries through Chongjin to Japan, South Korea, the United States and Europe - an aspiration thwarted by tightening global sanctions over North Korea's nuclear and missile programs.
According to the plan, Nanping village itself is to be demolished and turned into the Helong Frontier Economic Cooperation Zone - a key part of the Northeast Asia Special Region.
The zone will "take advantage of North Korean labour, land, environment and resources," says one of the signs in Nanping, displaying pictures of seafood processing and light manufacturing of clothes, clocks and car parts.
One thousand North Korean workers were supposed to have started work last year, a number set to increase to 10,000 this year and 20,000 next year.
But the dormitories for the workers are half-completed and the economic zone hasn't opened.
"Those signboards are a more hopeful plan than a schedule we strictly follow. No one has moved in yet," said the manager of one of the construction sites, who gave their family name as Li.
According to signboards in Nanping, there were plans for 900 million yuan worth of infrastructure investment in the area, including a 10-km (6-mile) train track connecting Nanping and nearby Luguo village to North Korea's Musan mine, which has the largest-known iron ore reserves in the country.
RUDIMENTARY PLOUGHS
Villagers on the Chinese side of the border are wary of North Korea.
In 2014, in two separate incidents, at least seven villagers were killed by North Koreans sneaking across the porous border into Nanping, the latest in several such incidents over the past few years.
China's military presence is heavy, with khaki green four-wheel drive vehicles patrolling the highways and security cameras installed on border fences. Locals say defections by North Koreans are down amid tighter Chinese patrols.
However, recent flooding around Nanping has destroyed alarm systems installed by the local government to protect villagers against North Korean intruders and also much of the fencing separating the village from North Korea.
North Korea is clearly visible from Nanping - farmers using rudimentary ploughs, soldiers squatting by a simple outpost and antiquated trucks and buses sporadically rumbling by.
Timber and other materials come in by truck from North Korea to Nanping over a concrete bridge, say locals, who added that coal exports have stopped since China's outright ban in February, following the North's nuclear and intermediate-range ballistic missile tests.
Iron ore from Musan has also stopped coming in, said Li Zhonglin, Director of the College of Economics and Management at Yanbian University.
"Right now, all economic projects along the border have stalled because of rising tensions," they said.
(Additional reporting by Damir Sagolj and the Beijing Newsroom; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
DUBAI/LONDON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson held almost an hour of talks with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday after flying to Tehran to seek the release of a jailed British-Iranian aid worker.
“Both spoke forthrightly about the obstacles in the relationship and agreed on the need to make progress in all areas,” said a spokesperson for Britain's Foreign Office after Johnson concluded what was only the third visit to Iran by a British foreign minister in the past 14 years.
Iranian state television had reported that “bilateral relations, the nuclear deal and regional developments made up the axis of the talks,” with the president.
Johnson met Ali Akbar Salehi, head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization earlier on Sunday.
“In both meetings the Foreign Secretary discussed the full range of regional and bilateral issues, including banking matters and our concerns about the consular cases of dual nationals,” the Foreign Office spokesperson said.
On Saturday Johnson had talks with their Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif about “consular cases of dual nationals” such as Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who Britain says was visiting family on holiday when they were jailed by Iran for attempting to overthrow the government.
The case has taken on domestic political importance after Johnson said last month that Zaghari-Ratcliffe trained journalists, which their employer denies. Johnson later apologised. Opponents have called for them to resign if their comments lead to them serving longer in prison.
The two-day visit took place against a complex backdrop of historical, regional and bilateral tensions.
“It has been a worthwhile visit and we leave with a sense that both sides want to keep up the momentum to resolve the difficult issues in the bilateral relationship and preserve the nuclear deal,” the Foreign Office spokesperson added.
International sanctions against Iran have only recently been lifted as part of the 2015 multilateral nuclear deal to curb Tehran's disputed uranium enrichment programme.
That deal is under threat after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to decertify Iran's compliance with its terms. Johnson told Zarif they believed the deal should be fully implemented.
The Foreign Office did not mention Zaghari-Ratcliffe by name, although Johnson has vowed to leave “no stone unturned” in Britain's efforts to free them
A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, they were sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. They deny the charges.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe is not the only dual national being held in Iran, but has become the highest profile case.
The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organisation that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been told they will appear in court on Sunday, Dec. 10, their husband Richard has said. (Reporting by Dubai newsroom and Elizabeth Piper in London; Editing by Keith Weir)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Fire hits Russian World Cup construction site in Volgograd
MOSCOW, June 14 A fire broke out on Wednesday at the soccer World Cup venue under construction in the southern Russian city of Volgograd, authorities said, attributing its cause to neglected safety regulations.
Karleen C. Chinen
If you read our May 4 edition, you know by now that one of The Hawai‘i Herald's pillars for 26 years — Gwen Battad Ishikawa — has moved on to a new career. Although I did not work with Gwen for all 26 years of their tenure here at the Herald, we did work together for some 20 years. For the last 14 years, the two of us have sent every issue of the Herald to press. We were together for so long, we could kind of read each other's minds. People laugh about our local language . . . the “you know, yea?” “Yea, yea . . .” Well, that was Gwen and me. I miss them a lot — not just because of our cryptic language, but because they are the nicest, humblest and most thoughtful person you could ever know.
Fortunately for me, they were willing to continue helping us with our layouts. Of course, the first issues I sent them to lay out after their departure were 24 pages (May 4) and 28 pages in this issue. And, folks, we are doing all of this by email and text. Sorry Gwen . . .
The thought of trying to find a replacement for Gwen gave me a major headache that wouldn't go away. I don't have the time to review 20 resumes and interview 10 applicants. So I looked to our contributing writers and selected Jodie Chiemi Ching, who has been writing for the Herald on a freelance basis for about a year. Jodie is now our half-time staff writer.
As you know, the Herald isn't your typical publication — it is rooted in our AJA community, and while Jodie still has much to learn, they are at least off to a good start. They know and has been involved in some of the cultural activities of the Japanese American and Okinawan community for many years. And they love to write — Herald-type stories as well as creative writing. For this issue, Jodie spent most of their work time calling all of the Japanese Buddhist temples, statewide — just as Gwen did for years — to find out about their obon service and bon dance plans. They will soon be out and about, covering community events and activities.
Here's a little bit about Jodie that you might want to know. They earned their bachelor's degree in Japanese language and literature from the University of Hawai‘i at Mänoa. They spent a year studying at the University of the Ryukyus as a recipient of the Okinawa Prefectural Government scholarship for descendants of Okinawan immigrants.
They study Okinawan dance with Frances Nakachi-Sensei and sanshin with — guess who — Grant “Sandaa” Murata-Sensei.
Jodie is also interested in the Seiwajyuku business philosophy and attends their lectures and programs. Finally, they are a wife and the mother of two sons.
So, please introduce yourself to Jodie when you see them at various community events.
Cash pours out of Spanish equity funds amid crisis
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
April 6 Cydex Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Marinus Pharmaceuticals Inc - on March 31, 2017, entered into a license agreement and a supply agreement with Cydex Pharmaceuticals Inc - sec filing
* Marinus Pharmaceuticals Inc-under terms of supply agreement, co required to purchase all requirements for Captisol with respect to Ganaxolone from Cydex
* Marinus Pharmaceuticals Inc- Cydex granted co exclusive license to use Cydex Captisol drug formulation system, related intellectual property
* Marinus Pharmaceuticals Inc-under terms of supply agreement, Cydex is required to supply co with Captisol for such purposes, subject to certain limitations
* Marinus Pharmaceuticals Inc-as consideration for license,co paid upfront fee, required to make additional payments on achievement of specified milestones
* Marinus Pharmaceuticals Inc- will be required to pay royalties to Cydex on sales of Ganaxolone in low-to-mid single digits based on levels of annual net sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) decision to stop licensing graphics chips from Imagination Technologies Group Plc (IMG.L) is the clearest example yet of the iPhone maker's determination to take greater control of the core technologies in its products - both to guard its hefty margins and to position it for future innovations, especially in so-called augmented reality.
The strategy, analysts say, has already reduced Apple's dependence on critical outside suppliers like ARM Holdings Plc, now owned by SoftBank Group Corp (9984.T). Apple once relied heavily on ARM to design the main processor for the iPhone, but it now licenses only the basic ARM architecture and designs most of the chip itself.
More recently, when Apple bought the headphone company Beats Electronics, part of a $3 billion deal in 2014, it ripped out the existing, off-the-shelf communications chips and replaced them with its own custom-designed W1 Bluetooth chip.
"Apple clearly got rid of all the conventional suppliers and replaced about five chips with one," said Jim Morrison, vice president of TechInsights, a firm that examines the chips inside electronics devices.
"Today we do much more in-house development of fundamental technologies than we used to," Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said at a February conference. "Think of the work we do on processors or sensors. We can push the envelope on innovation. We have better control over timing, over cost and over quality."
Most vendors of consumer electronics products rely on outside suppliers for chip design and development, primarily because it is extremely expensive. That has created huge opportunities for companies like ARM, Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) and Nvidia Corp (NVDA.O), which have developed core technologies for processing, communications and graphics that are used by scores of vendors.
Now, though, Apple is so big that it can economically create its own designs, or license small pieces of others' work and build on it. As with ARM and Qualcomm, the actual manufacturing of the chips is still contracted out to a semiconductor foundry, such as those run by Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (2330.TW).
MOVE FAST, SAVE MONEY
Bringing more of the design work in-house cuts complexity, people familiar with the processes say. Instead of managing one or more design teams and then a fabricator, Apple has only to manage the fabricator.
It may also help the company move faster - and save money - as it focuses on new technologies such as virtual and augmented reality. Apple CEO Tim Cook has indicated that Apple plans to integrate augmented reality into its products, which makes 3-D sensors and graphics chips like Imagination's especially important.
Even before formally cutting off Imagination, Apple had given hints that it was preparing to design its own graphics processors. Specifically, it introduced a piece of its own code called Metal for app developers. App developers use Metal to make their apps talk to the graphics chip on the iPhone.
By putting a piece of Apple-designed code between app developers and the phone's chip, Apple has made it possible to swap out the chip without interrupting how the developers work. That could also make it easier to bridge the gap for developers between the graphics chips on Apple's phones and its desktop computers, which currently require some separate coding.
“By promoting Metal instead of relying on other existing standards, Apple is not only able to control what graphics chip functionality is exposed at its own pace, but also blur the line for developers between coding for desktop and mobile GPUs," said Pius Uzamere, the founder of a virtual reality startup called Ether.
Taking control of the iPhone's chips can also help Apple keep costs down, which is especially important as it gears up for a feature-laden new iPhone this fall. Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Co said in a research note that they think the curved screens expected on the new phone could add as much as $50 in cost, for example.
Shebly Seyrafi, an analyst at FBN Securities, estimates that the average price of an iPhone increased only 1 percent to $695 last quarter, while costs increased 8 percent to $420, resulting in an iPhone gross margin of 39.6 percent. That is down from the 44 percent average gross margin for iPhones in 2015, according to Seyrafi's estimates.
Apple spends only $75 million a year on licensing fees for Imagination's chips. But licensing fees to chip designers, taken together, are a significant cost for the iPhone. Apple recently sued Qualcomm for $1 billion over licensing terms for its communications chips - which Apple would have trouble designing in-house because of patent issues.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby)
"Currently a lot of vehicles use the road for on street parking. With the county's road construction project the new design will no longer allow on street parking. So the intent is to add to the parking lot to replace the on street parking."
Operation Troop Aid Arrives for Care Package Pack-Out
Contact
Greg Ackerman
***@harrisjewelry.com Greg Ackerman
End
--Join Harris Jewelry™ on, at, for a special GRAND OPENING Event!will be on site with donated goods and willand shipto a deployed unit!Harris is not your typical jewelry store! Each Harris Jewelry™ store is proudly decorated with memorabilia and photographs honoring the bases and units from the communities it serves. Many have described their stores as a cross between a jewelry store and a military museum. Their 'Fort Benning collection' includes interesting pieces - from WWII to present – including a'flying' in the middle of the store and a '' promoting Operation Troop Aid® (CFC#26493). Feel free just to stop by and look –In 2012, Harris began a new program called Operation: Teddy Bear®. Its purpose was to provide care packages for service members overseas through the sale of uniformed teddy bears. Their campaign has already raised over $875,000, which has been donated to support the military assistance charity, Operation Troop Aid®. And from June 16-18, for every military teddy bear sold at Harris Jewelry's Fort Benning Exchange location,GRAND OPENING INFORMATIONHarris Jewelry™ celebrates the Grand Opening of its newest location this weekend in the Army & Air Force Exchange Service shopping center located on Fort Benning. Grand Opening Weekend kicks-off Friday, June 16with an official Ribbon Cutting Ceremony at 10:00 a.m. Harris offers watches, fashion and bridal jewelry – including their exclusive Dress Bluescollection.Harris Jewelry™ provides special financing for Active Duty, Retired Military and Government Employees. As part of their Grand Opening Celebration, Harris will offer Buy One, Get One Half Off and a chance to win a $1,000 Shopping Spree.COMPANY INFORMATIONHarris Jewelry™ was founded in 1955 by Jerome L. Harris, a Marine and World War II Veteran. It was their belief that U.S. Military Service Personnel were entitled to purchase jewelry at a store specifically created for their needs. Harris Jewelry™ continues their mission today by offering military communities quality jewelry and watches while providing exceptional customer service.For over 60 years, the Harris Family has been proud to give back to the communities they serve through charitable donations, including sponsorship of troop recognition programs at many installations across the United States.Harris Jewelry™ operates 25 stores nationwide.
MUMBAI India captain Virat Kohli believes their post-match comments in Dharamsala regarding their friendship with Australian players has been "blown way out of proportion" and clarified they were directed only at a couple of individuals.
The hard-fought series witnessed plenty of acrimony, the most notable being Kohli's criticism of counterpart Steve Smith for gesturing towards their dressing room for guidance on whether to review an lbw decision in the second test at Bengaluru.
Immediately after India clinched the series 2-1 with Tuesday's win, Kohli said they would not regard any Australian cricketer as a friend "ever again", going against the good will they felt towards the tourists prior to the first test.
"My answer at the post-match conference has been blown way out of proportion," the feisty 28-year-old, who is also captain of the Royal Challengers Bangalore Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise, said on their verified Twitter account on Thursday.
"I did not categorically say the whole Australian team but only a couple of individuals. I continue to be in good terms with the few guys I know & who I've played with at RCB & that doesn't change."
Kohli's Bengaluru-based Twenty20 side includes Australians Shane Watson, Travis Head and Billy Stanlake, while pacemen Mitchell Starc and Kane Richardson also played for the team under their flight attendantship last season.
Australia captain Smith will lead the Pune-based team in the popular tournament starting on Wednesday, while compatriot David Warner leads champions Hyderabad and Australian all-rounder Glenn Maxwell will skipper the Punjab side.
Kohli is facing a race against time to be ready for the start of the tournament as they continue their rehabilitation from the shoulder injury that forced them to miss the fourth and final test against Australia.
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly; Editing by John O'Brien)
Attorney General and Minister of Legal Affairs, Basil Williams and Attorney-at-Law, Anil Nandlall- the man they took over from in 2015- may soon battle at the Guyana Court of Appeal over whether the High Court enjoys the right to order the Executive to activate the Judicial Review Act.
Williams wants more time to hold consultations and possibly amend the Act before it ordering that it comes into force.
Williams did not explicitly say that they would appeal Chief Justice Roxane George-Wiltshire's decision this week that they must operationalise the law by July 31, 2018. “The decision presents a great opportunity for the Caribbean Court of Justice to answer these serious questions of governance and the separation of powers,” Williams said.
In their decision, the Chief Justice reportedly discarded the State's arguments on separation of powers on the grounds that the Executive had already completed its work on the Bill, to the extent that it had been approved by the legislature and assented by the President.
Former Attorney General and Minister of Legal Affairs, Nandlall said they were ready to fight a legal battle with Williams at the appeal courts. “I would love that. I would beat them at every step of the way,” Nandlall said.
Stating that the Judicial Review Act is “crucial” for the legal profession and public administration, Nandlall discarded Williams' claim that they should share some of the blame for delaying the activation of the Judicial Review Act. “No! I keep saying that the Act could not have been brought into force without the new CPR (Civil Procedure Rules),”.
Attorney General Williams and Nandlall also traded barbs on the Rules, with Williams arguing that “reference to “rules of Court” in the Act contemplated rules that were already in force as there was already provision in the law for claims for judicial review.”
But Nandlall has since fired back saying that the old rules do not provide for judicial review. “Any first year Law student knows that. We never had judicial review in Guyana. What we had is the old prerogative writ…This is the first time so there is no procedure for judicial review under the 1955 Rules of the Supreme Court,” they said.
“The Attorney General is the singular lawyer in the legal profession who feels that the Judicial Review Act is connected to the old rules,” Nandlall said.
Then Chancellor of the Judiciary, Carl Singh had paved the way for the CPR to take effect in February, 2017.
On the question of the separation of power between the Executive and the Judiciary, the Attorney General asked The decision of the Court raises some important questions regarding governance. They are whether the judiciary govern, order the government to create law, and direct the current Government to implement an Act that the PPP-C government deliberately failed to implement during its time in office. “The people of Guyana have vested power in the Cabinet as an expression of the Executive arm to govern and manage the affairs of the country. The Judiciary has an equally important role to play to protect the rights of citizens but must exercise this responsibility with great care,” Williams said.
Rebutting that argument, Nandlall stated that “it is the separation of powers doctrine that authorises the judiciary to compel an errant public officer or minister of government to perform duties that the law imposes on him.”
Williams said in a press statement after Monday's decision by the Chief Justice that already eight years have passed since the Judicial Review Act was approved by the National Assembly, and there is need for more time for consultations to be held.
They denied that ever refusing or failing to operationalise the Act. “There has been no willful or malicious failure or refusal by the Attorney General to commence the Act as alleged in the case brought before the Court,” said Williams.
They suggested that the Judicial Review Act might be amended before it is activated. “This would ensure that improvements and amendments be made to cure existing lacuna's in the current Judicial Review Act and to bring it in line with established regional and international best practices. Regrettably, the decision of the Court is premature as there has been no opportunity for consultation on the commencement of the Act,” they said.
The Judicial Review Act, which was signed into law by then President Bharrat Jagdeo, allows ordinary Guyanese to seek legal remedies such as injunctions and compensation against any public officer or any statutory agency.
A woman wears a Union Jack flag as they attend a Pro-Brexit event to celebrate the invoking of Article 50 after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union, in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
A newspaper is seen on a bar at a Pro-Brexit event to celebrate the invoking of Article 50 after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union, in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
A Pro-Brexit leaflet is seen on a pub table at an event to celebrate the invoking of Article 50 after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the Euopean Union, in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Member of Britain's UK Independence Party (UKIP) pose with cakes celebrating the official triggering of Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, the Brexit, outside the European Union Council headquarters in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Britain's Secretary of State for International Trade and President of the Board of Trade Liam Fox arrives in Downing Street, London March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Nigel Farage, former leader of UKIP and anti-EU campaigner stands outside the Houses of Parliament, in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow arrives at the EU Council headquarters for as meeting before hand delivering British Prime Minister Theresa May's notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
An anti-Brexit protester stands outside the Houses Parliament on the day Prime Minister Theresa May will announce that they have triggered the process by which Britain will leave the European Union, in London, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
Protesters link arms during an anti-Brexit demonstration after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the Euopean Union, in Birmingham, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Staples
Protesters gather outside Parliament after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union in London, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
Protesters gather outside Parliament after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union in London, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow delivers British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
British Prime Minister Theresa May in the cabinet, sitting below a painting of Britain's first Prime Minister Robert Walpole, signs the official letter to European Council President Donald Tusk invoking Article 50 and the United Kingdom's intention to leave the EU on March 28, 2017 in London, England. REUTERS/Christopher Furlong/Pool
EU Council President Donald Tusk holds British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter which was delivered by Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow (not pictured) that gives notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty in Brussels, Belgium, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks in Parliament as they announce that they have sent the letter to trigger the process of leaving the European Union in London, March 29, 2017. Parliament TV handout via REUTERS
A copy of British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, is placed next to a European Flag in this March 29, 2017 photo illustration. REUTERS/Yves Herman /Photo Illustration
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow delivers British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the European Union on Wednesday, declaring there was no turning back and ushering in a tortuous exit process that will test the bloc's cohesion and pitch their country into the unknown.
In one of the most significant steps by a British leader since World War Two, May notified EU Council President Donald Tusk in a hand-delivered letter that Britain would quit the club it joined in 1973.
"The United Kingdom is leaving the European Union," May told parliament nine months after Britain shocked investors and world leaders by unexpectedly voting to quit the bloc. "This is an historic moment from which there can be no turning back."
The prime minister, an initial opponent of Brexit who won the top job in the political turmoil that followed the referendum vote, now has two years to negotiate the terms of the divorce before it comes into effect in late March 2019.
May, 60, has one of the toughest jobs of any recent British prime minister: holding Britain together in the face of renewed Scottish independence demands, while conducting arduous talks with 27 other EU states on finance, trade, security and other complex issues.
The outcome of the negotiations will shape the future of Britain's $2.6 trillion economy, the world's fifth biggest, and determine whether London can keep its place as one of the top two global financial centres.
For the EU, already reeling from successive crises over debt and refugees, the loss of Britain is the biggest blow yet to 60 years of efforts to forge European unity in the wake of two world wars.
Its leaders say they do not want to punish Britain. But with nationalist, anti-EU parties on the rise across Europe, they cannot afford to give London generous terms that might encourage other member states to break away.
BREXIT DEAL?
May's notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty was hand-delivered to Tusk in Brussels by Tim Barrow, Britain's permanent representative to the EU, on the top floor of the new Europa Building in Brussels.
That moment formally set the clock ticking on Britain's two-year exit process. Sterling, which has lost 25 cents against the dollar since the June 23 referendum, jumped to $1.25.
May signed the six-page Brexit letter on Tuesday night, pictured alone at the cabinet table beneath a clock, a British flag and an oil painting of Britain's first prime minister, Robert Walpole.
Them letter sought to set a positive tone for the talks though it admitted that the task of extracting the UK from the EU was momentous and that reaching comprehensive agreements within two years would be a challenge.
May wants to negotiate Britain's divorce and the future trading relationship with the EU within the two-year period, though EU officials say that will be hard.
"We believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU," May told Tusk in their letter, adding that London wanted an ambitious free trade agreement with the EU.
"If, however, we leave the European Union without an agreement the default position is that we would have to trade on World Trade Organisation terms," they said.
May's most powerful European interlocutor, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, promised to take a "fair and constructive" approach to Brexit talks, but said Britain could negotiate its new relationship only after it untangles existing EU commitments.
"We must deal with many rights and obligations that have been linked to membership. Only then, later, can we talk about our future relationship."
TRADE AND SECURITY
May has promised to seek the greatest possible access to European markets but said Britain was not seeking membership of the "single market" of 500 million people as they understood there could be no "cherry picking" of a free trade area based on unfettered movement of goods, services, capital and people.
Britain will aim to establish its own free trade deals with countries beyond Europe, and impose limits on immigration from the continent, May has said.
In an attempt to start Brexit talks on a conciliatory note, May said they wanted a special partnership with the EU, though they laced that ambition with an clear linkage of the economic and security relationship.
EU leaders will welcome assurances of a constructive approach, as well as an explicit recognition that Britain cannot retain the best bits of membership after leaving.
They may be less warm to an implication that Britain could live with a breakdown of talks on trade coupled with what might be seen as a threat to disrupt the security and counterterrorism cooperation for which Britain.
"We should work together to minimise disruption and give as much certainty as possible," May said. "Weakening our cooperation for the prosperity and protection of our citizens would be a costly mistake."
Tusk said the EU would seek to minimise the cost of Brexit to EU citizens and businesses and that Brussels wanted an orderly withdrawal for Britain.
"We already miss you," said Tusk who will send the 27 other states draft negotiating guidelines within 48 hours. "Thank you and goodbye."
In a draft resolution to be voted on next week, lawmakers in the European Parliament offered a faint glimmer of hope to the 48 percent of British voters who opposed Brexit, saying it was not too late for Britain to reverse the process.
U.S. President Donald Trump has been an enthusiastic proponent of Brexit, unlike their predecessor Barack Obama. White House spokesperson Sean Spicer struck a neutral tone on Wednesday, saying Washington respected the will of British voters and backed a strong Britain and strong EU.
"Whatever future the UK-EU relationship looks like, we want the UK to remain a strong leader in Europe, for both the UK, the EU and Europe to remain strong leaders globally," Spicer said.
"DAMN NARROW" TIME FRAME
The course of the Brexit talks - and even their scope - are uncertain.
"The time frame is damn narrow," said Martin Schaefer, a spokesperson for the German Foreign Ministry.
In recent months, German officials have made clear that they do not believe there is time to negotiate a bespoke transitional agreement for Britain that would come into force immediately after Brexit.
A huge number of questions remain, including whether exporters will keep tariff-free access to the single market and whether British-based banks will still be able to serve continental clients, not to mention immigration and the future rights of EU citizens in the UK and Britons living in Europe.
Adding more uncertainty, France and Germany both face elections this year.
"It's bad news for everybody. It's a wedge pushed into the European project," said French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron, who has made clear they would ensure Britain gains no undue advantages outside the Union.
At home, a divided Britain faces strains that could lead to its break-up. In the Brexit referendum, England and Wales voted to leave the EU but Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay.
Scottish nationalists have demanded an independence referendum that May has refused. In Northern Ireland, rival parties are embroiled in a major political crisis and Sinn Fein nationalists are demanding a vote on leaving the UK and uniting with the Republic of Ireland.
May said they knew that triggering Brexit would be a day of celebration for some and disappointment for others.
"Now that the decision to leave has been made and the process is under way, it is time to come together," they said.
(Additional reporting by Alastair Macdonald, Jan Strupczewski and Yves Herman in Brussels, Michel Rose in Paris, Noah Barkin in Berlin and Kylie MacLellan, William James, Estelle Shirbon, Kate Holton, Paul Sandle and Anjuli Davies in London; Writing by Guy Faulconbridge; Editing by Mark Trevelyan, Peter Millership, Giles Elgood and Peter Graff)
May 2 Caisse Regionale de Credit Agricole Mutuel Toulouse 31 SC:
* Q1 net banking income EUR 52.8 million ($57.62 million) versus EUR 67.1 million year ago
* Q1 gross operating profit EUR 15.7 million versus EUR 30.5 million year ago
* Q1 consolidated net income group share EUR 8.6 million versus EUR 18.1 million year ago
* Q1 cost of risk EUR 0.3 million versus EUR 2.3 million year ago
* Basel III solvency ratio at March 31 at 17.42 percent (estimated) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
BRUSSELS, April 6 The European Union on Thursday expanded sanctions against North Korea over the country's nuclear tests and launches of ballistic missiles.
The new sanctions are aimed at the country's metalworking, aerospace and arms-related industries, and services in computing, mining, chemicals and refining, the bloc said in a statement.
The EU first imposed sanctions against Pyongyang in late 2006 and has steadily expanded their range since to include embargoes on arms, trade in gold and precious metals and luxury goods.
It said on Thursday the new punitive measures were in response to actions that posed "a grave threat to international peace and security in the region and beyond."
The EU also added four people to its blacklist of those subject to travel bans and asset freezes because of links to the North Korean leadership and weapons programme.
North Korea has stepped up the frequency of missile and nuclear weapons tests over the past two years and experts say it is closing in on the ability to hit the United States with a missile.
Talks about North Korea are expected to feature high on the agenda of talks on Thursday between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Trump has spoken repeatedly of the need to act more decisively against Pyongyang and demanded that Beijing puts more pressure on its reclusive neighbour. (Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek; editing by John Stonestreet)
April 3 China Fibretech Ltd:
* Operation of unit, Shishi Simwa Knitting & Dyeing has been downsizing and will be temporarily shut down
* Operations to shut due to non-compliance of sewage treatment regulation and sewage disposal without treatment made by sewage treatment service provider
* Due to uncertainties surrounding claims, trading of company shares will continue to be suspended until further notice
* Operation of subsidiary will be resumed upon compliance of relevant regulations by Haitian
* To downsize and will temporarily shut down operation of its subsidiary in coming few days in order to avoid further loss
* Capacity of sewage treatment service provided to subsidiary has been reduced to 400 tonnes per day
* Haitian penalized by local authority, output of sewage from all dyeing companies in Wubao Industrial Zone restricted and closely monitored by relevant authorities
* Owing to non-compliance of environmental protection and sewage treatment regulation in Shishi by Haitian, Haitian was penalized Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Refiles to make clear interview with minister was in person, not on the phone, fixes typo in second reference to Koroma)
FREETOWN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sierra Leone's finance minister on Friday played down a decision by the IMF to delay a disbursement because of the West African country's failure to improve revenue collection, saying the fund would return in May to discuss the programme.
The IMF said on a statement on its website on Wednesday it had delayed its disbursement of the second tranche of programme financing “due to a weak budget revenue outlook, where measures that were to be taken under the programme to increase revenue did not yield”.
“The IMF is currently working with the government to identify appropriate corrective measures,” it said.
Finance Minister Momodu Kargbo told Reuters: “There is no suspension of any support to Sierra Leone”, and that the next tranche of its $224 million 5-year programme would be discussed in May when officials from the fund visit Freetown, after a presidential election on March 7.
“Relations between Sierra Leone and the IMF are very normal,” they said.
Both the IMF statement and the minister's comments followed a story in Africa Confidential, a London-based publication, which sited a leaked U.S. diplomatic cable reporting that President Ernest Bai Koroma's government had had its IMF funding suspended because of foot-dragging on reforms such as taxing luxury car imports, and removing subsidies on fuel and rice.
“Two issues are on the table: to float the price of fuel and impose the levy on rice ... By the time of the second review those decisions should be taken,” Kargbo said.
Any reforms that spike the cost of fuel or rice, a basic staple in Sierra Leone, would not be popular with the poor ahead of the election to replace Koroma, who cannot run again but is backing their former foreign minister Samura Kamara as successor.
Sierra Leone depends on exports of diamonds and iron ore for revenue. After recovering from civil war ending in 2002, it saw explosive growth early in this decade, but its economy was then battered by an Ebola epidemic and falling commodity prices. (Reporting by Umaru Fofana; Writing by Tim Cocks; Editing by Alison Williams)
FILE PICTURE: Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov looks on after a meeting of Russian President Vladimir Putin with their Finnish counterpart Sauli Niinisto as part of the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhi
MOSCOW Russia will argue at the United Nations that an apparent chemical attack that left scores dead in Syria was in fact contamination caused by rebels' chemical munitions, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday.
Russia has already suggested it would publicly stand by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"Russia and its armed forces will continue their operations to support the anti-terrorist operations of Syria's armed forces to free the country," Peskov told reporters.
"In our work with the Security Council, Russia will, as part of its argument, present the facts which have already been laid out by our defence ministry," they added.
A Russian defence ministry statement said earlier that poison gas which killed scores of people in northwestern Syria had leaked from an insurgent chemical-weapons depot after Syrian warplanes hit it.
Washington, Paris and London have drawn up a draft U.N. Security Council statement condemning the attack and demanding an investigation. Russia has the power to veto it, as it has done to block all previous resolutions that would harm Assad.
(Reporting by Maria Tsvetkova; writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Christian Lowe)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
The Cairo Criminal Court on Monday issued a verdict against two police officers who were charged with sexually assaulting a woman inside a police vehicle. The two officers were sentenced to 10 and seven years in prison.
The two police officers were being tried on charges of kidnapping a woman, sexually assaulting her, and arresting them with no prior warrant from the prosecution.
The court released the two police officers in February 2016 on a bail worth EGP 3,000 each. Former general prosecutor Hisham Barakat referred the two police officers to criminal court in June 2015 on charges of kidnapping and sexually assaulting a young woman near the district of Shubra.
Preliminary police investigations said that the forensic tests revealed that the DNA of the man who assaulted the woman matched that of one of the police officers. Tests were conducted on semen found on the woman's clothes.
The investigations said that the two police officers had forced the woman to get into the police vehicle with them in order to “drive them home” after they had stopped the car they were riding in, which was being driven by a man. The officers then took them to a remote area and sexually assaulted them
WASHINGTON, March 31 The Trump administration on Friday slammed China on a range of trade issues from its chronic industrial overcapacity to forced technology transfers and long-standing bans on U.S. beef and electronic payment services.
The annual trade barriers list from the U.S. Trade Representative's office sets up more areas of potential irritation for the first face-to-face meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping next week in Florida.
USTR, controlled by the White House, said that Chinese government industrial policies and financial support for industries such as steel and aluminum have resulted in over-production and a flood of exports that have distorted global markets and undermined competitive companies.
"While China has begun to take steps to address steel excess capacity, these steps have been inadequate to date and even fewer efforts have been taken by China in aluminium and other sectors," USTR said in the report.
The USTR released the list of trade irritants in 63 countries just after senior Trump trade officials announced an executive order to study the causes of U.S. trade deficits.
The report said China also is using a series of cybersecurity restrictions as part of an apparent long-term goal to replace foreign information and communications technology products and services with locally produced versions.
USTR also accused China of using a range of measures to engineer the transfer of foreign technology to local firms. It said these include denying financial or regulatory approvals to companies using foreign-owned intellectual property or that do not conduct research or manufacture products in China.
"China also reportedly conditions foreign investment approvals on technology transfer to Chinese entities, mandates adverse licensing terms on foreign IP licensors, uses anti-monopoly laws to extract technology on unreasonable terms and subsidizes acquisition of foreign high technology firms to bring technology to the Chinese parent companies."
Gaps in IP rights enforcement have allowed the misappropriation of foreign IP and trade secrets, both within and outside of China.
USTR's criticisms are consistent with increasingly vocal concerns raised by international business groups about what they see as a worsening business climate for foreign firms in China, as well as China's goal to boost domestic manufacturing content in 10 sectors from robotics to biopharmaceuticals.
Earlier this month, the European Union Chamber of Commerce said the "Made in China 2025" plan amounts to a "large-scale import substitution plan aimed at nationalizing key industries" or "severely curtailing the position of foreign business."
USTR also brought up longstanding complaints about online piracy of movies, books, music, video games and software in China as well as a ban on U.S. beef that has been in place since 2003.
It said delays in China's approval process for agricultural products derived from biotechnology also worsened in 2016, hurting U.S. corn exports. (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Michael Perry)
(Updates prices, adds comment, changes byline, dateline; previous LONDON)
* U.S. ADP report shows job gains in March
* Investor anxiety lingers ahead of Trump-Xi meeting
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK, April 5 The U.S. dollar gained against the yen on Wednesday for the first time in four days after a report showed U.S. private sector employers created more jobs than expected in March, suggesting a stable labor market and supporting forecasts for at least two more interest-rate hikes this year
The greenback also rose against the euro and Swiss franc while trimming losses against the pound after the employment data.
U.S. private employers added 263,000 jobs in March, more than their hirings in February and well above economists' expectations, a report by a payroll processor showed on Wednesday.
Economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast the ADP National Employment Report would show a gain of 187,000 jobs, with estimates ranging from 110,000 to 225,000.
"The ADP survey is clearly another indication that, despite the apparent slowdown in GDP growth in the first quarter, labor market conditions have remained unusually strong," said Capital Economics economist Andrew Hunter.
Before the data's release, the market has been rattled by political tension arising from an upcoming meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.
Trump's consistently harsh rhetoric on China has raised concerns about Thursday's summit, as has speculation that the U.S. president will face challenges implementing their promised growth-boosting policies after their administration failed to pass a healthcare overhaul.
The market was also tested after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile.
In midmorning trading, the dollar rose 0.6 percent to 111.39 yen.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a trade-weighted basket of six peers, was up slightly at 100.63 , but anxiety about the U.S.-China meeting and a risk-averse mood this week kept it from further gains.
The euro, meanwhile, slipped 0.1 percent to $1.0659
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Additional reporting by Ritvik Carvalho in London; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
We all know the well-known saying and understand its meaning and in the fundraising that people do for us in the community, it really does ring true!
The intensive care team, who's Total Warrior Challenge I mentioned recently, is a great example of what can come from a small idea. A few of the team were in the pub and came up with the idea of doing some fundraising for the ward, and decided to do the Total Warrior Challenge.
This grew from a couple of people into a handful, then to a dozen until eventually, 55 members of staff from with the intensive care team and a few from other wards in the hospital had signed up to take on the challenge, raising more than £13,000.
This is the same with the challenge undertaken by Leroy, the Riverside Cafe Dog, and their friend Ian Walker, who last month completed the Coast to Coast Walk, raising over £4,000 for the Sir Robert Ogden Centre (SROMC) and Macmillan. Ian went to the cafe and was chatting to Phil, who co-owns the cafe, and is also Leroy's owner.
Ian mentioned they were planning on doing the walk, and asked if they could take Leroy along with him.
The challenge which started as Ian walking Coast-to-Coast by themselves grew into Ian a group of friends doing the walk, along with Leroy, and with the cafe getting heavily involved in fundraising.
They baked special biscuits in the shape of Leroy which were sold while the walk was taking place, and finished with a fantastic fundraising night at the cafe last week.
From one man's idea to do a walk and give a bit back to show appreciation to those who cared for him; a whole community of people including friends, family and customers of the cafe got involved and made sure that Ian raised as much as possible from their efforts.
My final example is Dan Wilson, who this time last year was preparing to take on the Yorkshire Marathon; following a triathlon a few weeks before, they became ill and was unable to complete the marathon.
Not wanting to let down the people that had sponsored him, they set themselves a new challenge, to run 13, 2 mile laps of Harrogate's Stray. What was originally planned as a solo marathon soon turned into an unplanned community event after dozens of other local runners turned out to join them after hearing about their ambitions on social media and through word of mouth.
With the current financial difficulties facing the NHS across the country and the recently documented challenges being faced at Harrogate and District NHS Trust, the support we receive from our fantastic supporters has never been more appreciated.
Community fundraising is exactly what it says on the tin! It's all about community! Whether it is your friends, family, work colleagues, school friends, hobby buddies, or people you know through a group such as Rotary or Women's Institute, so gather your community together and turn your acorn of a fundraising idea into a mighty oak.
You don't need to organise your own event or take on a challenge to get involved though. We have a number of events coming up you can join in with including our Music Hall on 28 October, Strutting for Cancer Fashion Show on 9 November, The SROMC Ball and the Maternity Ball, in April and May 2018, and finally, we will be hosting our first It's A Knockout Competition at Ripley Castle on 30 September 2018 – visit our Facebook pages for more info on all of our upcoming events: facebook.com/harrogatehospitalcharity.
Morgan County
Sheriff
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• Latriece S. Jackson, 36, of East Moline was booked into the Morgan County Jail at 11:30 p.m. Sunday on a charge of driving while license is revoked or suspended.
Jacksonville Police
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• Leslie Gomez, 40, of St. Charles was booked into the Morgan County Jail at 6:45 p.m. Sunday on charges of possession of a controlled substance and driving while license is revoked or suspended.
South Jacksonville Police
ARRESTS, CITATIONS
• Brooke R. Johnson, 26, of 101 E. Fifth St., Concord, was booked into the Morgan County Jail at 3:50 p.m. Monday on a charge of retail theft.
Compiled by Samantha McDaniel-Ogletree and Nick Draper
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Fifth Third Bancorp:
* ELECTS CARMICHAEL CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
* SAYS CARMICHAEL REPLACES MARSHA WILLIAMS, WHO HAS BEEN ELECTED LEAD DIRECTOR
* ‍CARMICHAEL WILL RETAIN Their TITLE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical said on Wednesday it had completed enrolment for a 20,000-subject dengue vaccine trial, the largest clinical study in its history, signalling the global ambitions of its vaccine business.
Japan's largest drugmaker has taken a conscious decision to become more international under its French CEO Christophe Weber, who took over in 2015.
The international dengue study will test the experimental vaccine on 20,100 children and adolescents in eight countries in Latin America and Asia where the mosquito-borne disease is endemic. Initial results are expected in 2018.
Dengue kills about 20,000 people per year and infects hundreds of millions, and the virus is becoming much more prevalent and widespread.
Sanofi already has a dengue vaccine on the market, called Dengvaxia, but the French drugmaker's product is not perfect and did not protect equally against the four different serotypes of dengue in clinical tests.
As a result, academic researchers and rival manufacturers are continuing to work towards better vaccines. Takeda's shot produced promising results against four dengue strains in earlier smaller studies.
Last November, Takeda announced it would invest more than 100 million euros ($107 million) to build a new manufacturing plant for its dengue vaccine candidate in Singen, Germany.
(Reporting by Ben Hirschler. Editing by Jane Merriman)
LONDON Banks throughout the world will have up to five years to comply with a new accounting rule that forces them to provision upfront for possible defaults on loans, a group of global regulators said on Wednesday.
The new rule applies from 2018 in Europe and is likely to push down a bank's core capital ratio, a benchmark of financial health that is closely tracked by investors, even though the level of risk remains the same.
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision said it will retain the current accounting treatment of provisions for an interim period because applying the new rules in full from day one could trigger a "capital shock" for some lenders.
"The committee considers that the period allowed for transition should be no more than five years," it said.
It is the latest sign the Basel committee has become more accommodative in the face of pushback from European and U.S. governments over new capital requirements designed to avoid harming lending by banks.
A core lesson from the 2007-09 financial crisis was that banks were too late in provisioning for defaulting loans, ultimately forcing taxpayers to bail out lenders.
The new rules mean banks must make some provisions upfront, well before a loan is effectively in default under the current system. There will be a similar change in U.S. accounting rules from 2020.
The Basel committee also said it had not yet reached a conclusion on what exactly should be the permanent link between the new accounting rule, which it did not set, and the committee's capital requirements rules for lenders.
(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by David Clarke)
Every fall, a common question people ask is why Nintendo doesn't attend the Tokyo Game Show. This year, it apparently will. Sorta.
Please don't get excited.
Japanese business research site BCN Retail reports that Nintendo plans to be at this year's TGS. The show's official site has confirmed this.
The Computer Entertainment Supplier's Association puts on the Tokyo Game Show. Nintendo isn't a regular CESA member (it is, however, a “special supporting member”). Traditionally, Nintendo has sat TGS out, and in the past, it has held its own events.
Former Nintendo president Satoru Iwata did give the keynote for the 2005 Tokyo Game Show. They used the event to reveal the Wii Remote.
Advertisement
BCN Retail explains that Nintendo will be at TGS on the business days and will be taking meetings for those who schedule advance appointments.
Kotaku has followed up with Nintendo but did not hear back prior to publication.
It's not uncommon for game companies who aren't exhibiting at the show to still arrange appointments at TGS. BCN Retail, however, writes “hatsu shutten” (初出展), literally meaning “first exhibit.” The word “shutten” is used to refer to having booths at trade shows.
Advertisement
BCN Retail writes, “So that means that Nintendo, which hasn't even exhibited once at TGS, will exhibit.” But what exactly does that mean? According to the TGS release, Nintendo will be in the “Business Meeting Area,” which looked like this in the past:
Told you not to get excited!
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Info Edge India Ltd:
* INFO EDGE INDIA -SHARES OF ZOMATO WAS AGREED TO BE BOUGHT BY ALIPAY SINGAPORE HOLDING, UNIT OF ANT SMALL AND MICRO FINACIAL SERVICES GROUP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Yingli Green Energy Q1 adjusted loss per ADS was RMB10.6
* Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd - ‍pv module shipments in q2 of 2017 is expected to be in range of 950mw to 1,050mw​
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Thursday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
Market regulator Consob President Giuseppe Vegas speaks before Chamber of Deputies Foreign Affairs Committee (0630 GMT).
DEBT
Treasury announces sale of six-month BOT bills, with relative amounts to be auctioned on April 26.
Italy's Treasury said on Wednesday it would offer 5- and 15-year linkers at an auction on Monday.
COMPANIES
Bourse After Hours market closed.
MEDIASET
The Italian private broadcaster would have broken even last year had it not been for the failed sale of its pay-TV unit Premium to France's Vivendi, the group's CEO Pier Silvio Berlusconi said on Wednesday.
Mediaset said the failed sale of its pay-TV unit Premium to France's Vivendi hit the group's 2016 accounts by 341.3 million euros ($365 million).
The company sees 2017 pay-TV unit revenues at between 630-640 million euros, its CFO said.
(*) Vivendi could decide to freeze part of its Mediaset stake by transferring a 18.8 percent holding to a trust, MF reported citing industrial and advisory sources.
TELECOM ITALIA
Telecom Italia shareholders should not support board candidates proposed by Vivendi, two advisory firms said, potentially dealing a fresh blow to Vivendi chairperson Vincent Bollore's attempts to build a southern European media empire.
BANCO BPM
Italy's third-largest bank has short-listed Blackstone , Cerberus, Bain Capital Credit and Algebris for the sale of a 700-800 million-euro portfolio of bad loans backed by real estate assets including some hotels, Il Sole 24 Ore reported.
UNICREDIT
Italy's biggest bank said on Thursday Luca Cordero di Montezemolo was stepping down from their role as deputy chairperson ahead of Thursday's annual general meeting. The move brings forward a planned governance change by cutting the number of deputy chairpeople to one.
ATLANTIA
Chinese conglomerate HNA approached Spain's Abertis in recent months with a proposal alternative to the one put forward by Italy's Atlantia, Il Sole 24 Ore reported.
A potential tender offer by Atlantia on Abertis shares could be launched at a price of 16 euros, Corriere della Sera reported citing the Spanish press.
BANKS
Italy's FITD deposit guarantee fund approved on Wednesday a 420 million-euro capital injection into Carim and San Miniato which will pave the way for a takeover of the two ailing banks, as well as of rival lender CariCesena, by Credit Agricole's Italian unit Cariparma, Il Sole 24 Ore reported.
(*) Carim Chairman Sido Bonfatti told MF in an interview that an exclusive due diligence phase granted to private equity firm JC Flowers would last until mid-May. Bonfatti said an offer by a rival banking group such as Cariparma was better than a private equity investment but added that San Miniato had yet to pick its preferred bidder.
(*) CREDITO VALTELLINESE
The Italian bank has asked advisers Equita and KPMG to look for a insurance partner and Cattolica Assicurazioni would be interested, MF reported.
ITALMOBILIARE
CEO Carlo Pesenti said on Wednesday their family's holding company was looking for a "big acquisition" but would not invest in infrastructure or in the publishing and financial sectors given excessively high multiples, Il Sole 24 Ore reported.
(*) Italmobiliare is interested in the energy sector and around six months ago briefly considered a possible investment in Edison, Pesenti was quoted as saying in Corriere della Sera.
BRUNELLO CUCINELLI
Annual general meeting (0800 GMT)
MONCLER
Annual general meeting (0900 GMT)
SAIPEM
Board meeting on Q1 results, press release on April 21.
SALVATORE FERRAGAMO
The luxury good group said on Wednesday deputy general manager Massimo Barzaghi would leave the company as of July 31, 2017.
BANCA GENERALI
Annual general meeting (0730 GMT).
BREMBO
Annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings (0830 GMT).
EI TOWERS
Annual general meeting (0900 GMT).
ERG
Annual general meeting (0830 GMT).
GEOX
Annual general meeting (0800 GMT).
INWIT
Annual general meeting (1300 GMT).
SARAS
Annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings (0830 GMT).
UNIPOL
News conference to present Unipol's initiative in support of earthquake victims in central Italy, with Chairman Pierluigi Stefanini, CEO Carlo Cimbri (1000 GMT).
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AMSTERDAM, March 31 Dutch publicly owned utility Eneco said on Friday it had agreed to buy the Belgian subsidiary of Italian power company Eni, adding that the deal would allow it to invest more in local wind power and solar energy.
Eneco disclosed no financial details of the transaction, which will see it become the owner of Eni Gas & Power NV and Eni Wind Belgium NV. (Reporting by Thomas Escritt; editing by Alexander Smith)
(Repeats to additional subscribers)
By Claire Milhench
LONDON, April 28 Libya's $67 billion sovereign wealth fund will go head-to-head with Société Générale in London's High Court on Tuesday over claims the French investment bank paid $58.5 million in bribes to secure business from the fund.
The Libyan Investment Authority (LIA) is pursuing SocGen in relation to five trades totalling $2.1 billion, executed between 2007 and 2009, before Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was ousted as Libyan leader.
The LIA claims the trades were secured as part of a "fraudulent and corrupt scheme" involving the payment of $58.5 million by SocGen to a Panamanian-registered company called Lenaida, controlled at the time by Libyan business person Walid Giahmi. Lenaida was dissolved in 2010.
In its latest annual report SocGen said that it "firmly refutes such allegations and any claim calling into question the lawfulness of these investments".
Giahmi, who is also named as a defendant in the suit, maintains that they are a legitimate business person and there was never a fraudulent and corrupt scheme.
According to the LIA, Giahmi was in a position to act as a middleman because of their connections with what the fund calls 'Gaddafi Associates', in particular Saif Gaddafi, one of the leader's sons.
In a pre-trial hearing last May, the judge ruled in favour of the LIA's requests for further disclosure by Giahmi of phone and banking records to shed light on the nature of the alleged relationship.
Libya set up the LIA in 2006 with the aim of investing the large reserves accumulated from its oil revenues and integrating its economy into the international financial system after years of sanctions. It quickly became a magnet for foreign banks and fund managers.
The leadership of the LIA remains contested, in a dispute that mirrors the fragmented nature of the country since the fall of Gaddafi in 2011.
Last summer the fund lost a high-profile case against Goldman Sachs in which it tried to claw back $1.2 billion from the Wall Street firm in relation to nine equity derivatives investments carried out in 2008.
In that trial, the LIA argued that Goldman exercised "undue influence" and "unconscionable bargaining" to get it to enter the trades, and that it was too unsophisticated to understand what it was buying. However, the judge ruled in favour of Goldman, saying key decision-makers at the fund had understood the trades and the risks.
The LIA sought permission to appeal but is still waiting to hear the outcome of this.
The case against SocGen and Giahmi is more complex and involves allegations by the LIA that the payments to Lenaida were made with the aim of directly or indirectly influencing the LIA to enter into the disputed trades.
The trial is expected to run until July 31. Some witnesses appearing for SocGen will give evidence in private to avoid self-incrimination, as the French bank is also being investigated by U.S. authorities in connection with deals involving Libya.
In April 2014 the U.S. Department of Justice served Société Générale with a subpoena requesting documents relating to transactions with Libyan entities and individuals, including the LIA.
In October 2016 the Securities and Exchange Commission served SocGen with a subpoena for the same purpose. Société Générale said in its last annual report that it was cooperating with U.S. authorities. (Reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
BAMAKO Mali's National Assembly has voted to extend a state of emergency by six months in a bid to quell an upsurge in attacks by Islamist militants based in the desert north of the West African country.
On Saturday, Zoumana N'dji Doumbia, president of the National Assembly's legal commission, announced Friday's vote that gives security forces extra powers of arrest and detention. It is the latest extension of an emergency first imposed in November 2015.
Deteriorating security threatens to return Mali to the chaos that nearly tore it to pieces in 2012 when Islamists hijacked an ethnic Tuareg rebellion in the north, before French forces pushed them back the following year.
Some 11,000 U.N. peacekeepers and French troops are deployed in Mali but militants still launch attacks, including a suicide assault on an army base in January that killed at least 77 people.
(Reporting by Tiemoko Diallo; Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Sandra Maler)
BUDAPEST Hungary's leading internet news portal Index.hu, one of the last independent mass media outlets in the country, has been sold and its operations passed on to a foundation close to Prime Minister Viktor Orban's one-time top ally and now their chief rival.
Index is by far the largest outlet to conduct investigations and break news critical of Orban after a major shake-up in Hungary's media in recent years left most major news outlets under the control of the government or business people friendly with it.
With the transfer, Index joins a group of publications with ties to Lajos Simicska, one of Orban's biggest political adversaries, a year before elections are due in April 2018.
Simicska, who was instrumental in building the current strong power of the populist Orban's right-wing Fidesz party, fell out with the premier after the last elections in 2014 and broke with them in a profanity-laden public spat in 2015.
A magnate with positions in construction and agriculture who has recently expressed their preference for the radical nationalist Jobbik party, Simicska owns a sizeable media empire with daily Magyar Nemzet and news TV channel Hir TV.
Fidesz is the runaway leader in all polls attracting around a third of the electorate, far more popular than the top rivals, Jobbik and the Socialists, each with around 10 percent.
Index has dominated online media - something the new owner said it would try to preserve.
"100 percent of Index.hu has been transferred into a foundation on April 20 after Pro-Rata Holding, which also has stakes in Magyar Nemzet and Hir TV, exercised its options rights secured in February 2014," Index.hu chief lawyer Laszlo Bodolai said in a statement.
"(Pro-Rata)...transferred its stake to (the) 'For Hungarian Development Foundation'," Bodolai said. The goal was "to preserve Index's leading role in the market and its independence and to ensure its popular reach remains as wide as possible."
Index's new three-person board includes Ajtony Nagy, Simicska's legal counsel who holds top positions in many of their largest companies.
Index was formerly the centrepiece of the media empire of banker and entrepreneur Zoltan Speder, once a key player in Orban's plans to reform the bank sector, who also fell out of favour with Orban in 2016.
Reuters could not immediately reach Speder or Simicska for comment. The government spokesperson declined to comment.
(Reporting by Marton Dunai; editing by Ralph Boulton)
BRASILIA The latest draft bill for Brazil's landmark pension reform is substantially weaker than the original proposal and will probably force the government to take additional austerity measures, economists said on Thursday.
Changes made on Tuesday by the bill's sponsor after talks with party leaders and government officials are likely to reduce savings from the bill by about 40 percent over the next decade, according to preliminary estimates by private economists.
The pension reform was expected to lower government spending by 750 billion reais to 800 billion reais ($238 billion to $254 billion) over the next 10 years, Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said earlier this month.
Economists said the reform remains crucial for Brazil to keep its public finances under control, even if it is diluted by the lower minimum retirement age for women and a more gradual transition period due to the latest compromises.
Yet those changes may allow social security spending to keep growing at a rate that could make a recently implemented 20-year public spending cap unfeasible by 2021, Itaú Unibanco economists led by former central bank director Mário Mesquita wrote.
"Complying with the ceiling would need compensatory measures such as the end of various subsidies," they wrote, adding that the latest draft provides an estimated 57 percent of savings from the original proposal.
Meirelles was more sanguine in comments to journalists in Washington on Wednesday, estimating that the bill would still bring about 75 percent of the savings originally forecast.
They also warned that the government was reaching a limit in the negotiations with lawmakers, but on Thursday they reiterated that they were "positive" about the process.
The Finance Ministry will soon publish a technical note to explain the official forecasts, a spokesperson said.
"Meirelles' estimate seems too optimistic," said Fabio Klein, an economist with Sao Paulo-based consultancy firm Tendências, who forecast about 60 percent of the bill's original savings.
Without reform, Brazil's aging population is expected to lift social security spending to 17.2 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) by 2060, from 8.1 percent last year, Meirelles said in a presentation earlier this month.
With the original proposal, they said social security spending would probably stabilize around 8 percent of GDP, they said.
"The government may have to propose another reform in ten years, or even before that," said Bruno Lavieri, an economist with consulting firm 4E in São Paulo.
(Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 31 LAURITZ.COM GROUP A/S
* REG-LAURITZ.COM ENTERS INTO A FIVE YEAR PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT FOR THE AUCTION HOUSES IN SØBORG AND IN HØRSHOLM IN DENMARK.
* NEW PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTS WILL HAVE A POSITIVE EFFECT ON EBITDA IN 2017 OF APPROX. DKK 18M. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
A building at 666 Fifth Avenue, owned by Kushner Companies, rises above the street in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK Efforts to breathe new life into an ageing Manhattan office building that is the flagship property of the family of President Donald Trump's son-in-law has gained a green light after a partial owner of the building indicated a willingness to sell.
Steven Roth, chairperson and chief executive of Vornado Realty Trust, said in a letter to the company's shareholders that there had been "much press" recently about 666 Fifth Avenue, a 60-year-old building that Vornado owns with the Kushner family.
"This is an ongoing, complex, dynamic, and unpredictable situation," Roth said in the letter dated April 4.
Vornado has a joint venture in the building with Kushner Cos, a real estate company whose chief executive until recently was Jared Kushner, an adviser to Trump who is married to Trump's daughter Ivanka. Jared sold their interests to a family trust in January.
Vornado declined to elaborate on Roth's letter, first reported by the New York Post late on Friday.
"Kushner Cos is in active, ongoing discussions around 666 Fifth Avenue," spokesperson James Yolles said in a statement. The talks are "advanced," they said.
Kushner said two weeks ago it ended talks to redevelop the 39-story building, valued for its proximity to Rockefeller Center, the Museum of Modern Art, and St. Patrick's Cathedral, with China's Anbang Insurance Group [ANBANG.UL].
Talks had centered on Anbang providing as much as half of $2.5 billion in equity in a plan that called for stripping the building down to its steel columns and adding about 40 floors.
The project was designed by Zaha Hadid, a Pritzker Prize award winner for architecture, before they died last year.
In February, Vornado said in a regulatory filing that the office segment of the building was under development or not available for lease, a sign the building was being emptied of tenants to accommodate a makeover.
Roth's letter showed that Vornado's share of debt in the office portion of the building was $691 million, which would value the Kushner's 50.5 percent share at about $705 million. While Roth said it is a "rare case" when Vornado may be sellers, they acknowledged since 2012 the real estate investment trust has increased selling activity four-fold. It executed $5.7 billion in asset sales, resulting in gains of $2.4 billion.
Any redevelopment plan could be hampered by the cost of buying out tenants with long-term leases or Spanish retailer Zara's store at the building's foot.
(Reporting by Herbert Lash; Editing by Bill Rigby)
Budget retailer B&M has reported a sharp rise in full year profits as cash-strapped consumers continue to flock to the discounter.
The group posted a 25.4% increase in pre-tax profit to £229.3 million in the year to March 31, with revenue jumping 22.4% to £3 billion.
Soaring inflation caused by the collapse of the Brexit-hit pound has pushed up the price of everyday items for hard-pressed shoppers and, in these conditions, B&M has thrived.
“The B&M model is highly relevant for the current difficult economic environment, with its strong position in the value and convenience areas of retailing where physical stores are winning,” said boss Simon Arora.
“The business is well placed for continued profitable, long-term growth. In a retail sector beset by structural challenges B&M's unique, disruptive model stands out as a success story.”
B&M also described Q1 trading as “pleasing”, with the group booking a 3.1% increase in like-for-like sales so far.
Last year B&M, which is chaired by former Tesco boss Sir Terry Leahy and sells mainly general merchandise, splashed out £152m to take over Heron Food Group, which also boosted the group's numbers.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 28 Cigna Corp
* Cigna corp -as previously disclosed, on february 8, u.s. District court for district of columbia enjoined proposed merger between cigna and anthem
* Cigna corp says on april 28, 2017, u.s. Court of appeals for district of columbia circuit affirmed decision of district court
* Cigna corp says continues to work through litigation process in pending delaware court of chancery matter involving cigna and anthem Source text (bit.ly/2ppu6PK) Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 10 Bidding for Monday's $24 billion in U.S. three-year Treasury notes was the weakest since 2009, resulting in the government having paying bond dealers and investors a higher yield than what traders had expected.
The ratio of bids to the amount offered was 2.62, compared with 2.74 at the prior three-year note auction in March. This measure of overall demand at an auction was the lowest since July 2009. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Most Southeast Asian stock markets ended higher on Tuesday, with Singapore posting its highest close since July 2015 as banking stocks rose on the back of better-than-expected results. Financials led the gains after DBS Group, the city-state's biggest lender, posted quarterly profit above market expectations. Last week, smaller peer United Overseas Bank had reported strong quarterly profit on the back of higher net interest income and trading income. DBS Group and United Overseas Bank rose 2.6 percent and 4.6 percent, respectively. Malaysian shares closed at their highest in nearly two years. Financial and consumer stocks led the gains, with CIMB Group Holdings Bhd, the country's second largest bank by assets, finishing 2.4 percent higher. Philippine shares ended 0.6 percent higher, underpinned by gains in industrial and real estate stocks. Property developer SM Prime Holdings was among the top performers, rising 3 percent. Indonesian shares reversed early gains to end the session marginally lower. Indonesia's annual inflation rate rose in April to the highest in 13 months, which was more than expected in a Reuters poll. Broader Asian markets were stronger after a long holiday weekend, with investors making bullish bets as an overnight rally on Wall Street and easing geo-political concerns over North Korea boosted sentiment. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose to its highest since June 2015. Tensions over the Korean peninsula eased slightly after U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday they would be honoured to meet North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un under the right circumstances. Vietnam stock market was closed for a holiday. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: CHANGE ON DAY STOCK MARKETS Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3211.11 3175.44 1.12 Bangkok 1564.12 1566.32 -0.14 Manila 7703.1 7661.01 0.55 Jakarta 5675.808 5685.298 -0.17 Kuala Lumpur 1778.47 1768.06 0.59 Change so far this year Market Current End prev yr Pct Move Singapore 3211.11 2880.76 11.47 Bangkok 1564.12 1542.94 1.37 Manila 7703.1 6840.64 11.20 Jakarta 5675.808 5296.711 7.16 Kuala Lumpur 1778.47 1641.73 8.33 (Reporting by Anusha Ravindranath in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON The International Monetary Fund welcomes Greece's deal with European lenders for additional fiscal reforms, but specific measures on debt relief are still needed for the IMF board to consider participating, IMF European Department Director Poul Thomsen said on Tuesday.
Thomsen told reporters on a conference call that the measures, including reductions in pension benefits and tax breaks, would allow Greece to meet fiscal targets and create budget space for more targeted, growth friendly spending policies in future years.
"While we can accept that the debt relief will only be approved and delivered at the end of the program based on Greece meeting the targets under the program, we would need to assure our board already now that we have a common understanding with our European partners of what kind of measures will be needed to deliver that debt relief," Thomsen said.
(Reporting by David Lawder)
​​​​​
HUNDREDS of children across Wrexham would go hungry this holiday without the generosity of others.
The town's MP Ian Lucas has praised the Holiday Hunger project run by the Church in Wales as the necessity of their work in some of the county borough's most deprived areas has been revealed.
During the school summer break in Caia Park they are providing about 115 lunches per day, four days per week at two venues.
In Plas Madoc, 45 lunches are offered per day, four days per week. In Gwersyllt, 20 lunches are made, two days per week
Groups of volunteers use churches to make packed lunches – a large filled roll, fruit and a snack – and these are taken to play providers, who offer open access play, who distribute the food to the children and ensure they have at least one meal that day.
There is similar provision at Christmas, Easter and at other school holidays.
The project began three years ago when Mr Lucas raised the issue of holiday hunger in Wrexham with organisations and faith groups, who began looking at ways to tackle the situation.
Mr Lucas says the project in Wrexham an example for other areas to follow throughout the rest of the UK.
They said: “It is becoming a story on a national basis, there is a drain on foodbanks at the moment because of the demand.
”Here we have an example of churches, the private sector, supermarkets and the voluntary sector all coming together to address the real need in Wrexham and it has worked well in response to the demand.
“At one stage we set up our own events for children to come to but we quickly established the most effective way to provide food was to go to existing playschemes were children were already attending.”
Mr Lucas has worked to raise the profile of the issue in Westminster, alongside other MPs. They have taken part in Parliamentary inquiries on the issue, written for the national media about what is being done in Wrexham, and spoken to other MPs about the work being done
Mr Lucas, who stressed how valued volunteers are who help out with the foodbank, added: ”We need to speak out about the Wrexham scheme as an example so that money is not wasted elseswhere, so that is what I have been doing at a national level – speaking about and pointing out what has been successful here.”
“The growth of the project and foodbanks is a produce of our time, as this wasn't happening 10 years ago,” they added. “A lot of families are under pressure, parents are at work during the school holiday and because they are not home are unable to make a meal, or they are under such financial pressure they simply cannot afford to.”
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban arrives to a vote on a bill tightening regulations on foreign universities operating in Hungary, effectively pushing out of the country Central European University, a school founded by U.S. billionaire philanthropist George Soros, in Budapest, Hungary, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 The Borussia Dortmund team bus is seen after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson disembarks from a plane upon their arrival at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow, Russia April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
LONDON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is in Russia to tell Moscow it must give up support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the wake of a poison gas attack that killed 87 people in northern Syria last week.
Delivering a message on behalf of Donald Trump, Tillerson has the support of the G7 industrialised nations and their Middle East allies. Russian President Vladimir Putin shows no sign of ditching their Syrian ally.
Russia said it hoped its meetings with Tillerson would be productive but was concerned about a number of areas of U.S. policy, including on Libya, Yemen and North Korea - a U.S. Navy strike group is steaming towards the western Pacific amid concerns the reclusive state may conduct a sixth nuclear test.
Moscow won't be the only one looking for pointers to Trump's foreign policy direction.
They came to power in January calling for warmer ties with Russia but responded to the gas attack by firing cruise missiles at a Syrian air base, putting their administration in open dispute with Moscow. Syria denies its military carried out the attack.
Tillerson has asked their European counterparts why American voters should care about the conflict in Ukraine, racked by a separatist conflict for the last three years, French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said.
The West imposed sanctions on Russia in 2014 over its annexation of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula and its support for rebels in eastern Ukraine.
The nerves are jangling in Kiev, which said it had won reassurances from Tillerson that Washington would not allow any deal that links the fates of Ukraine and Syria.
Police are trying to find a motive after soccer team Borussia Dortmund's bus was attacked with explosives on Tuesday shortly before the start of their Champions League game with AS Monaco, injuring defender Marc Barta and forcing the match to be postponed by a day.
In Hungary, nationalist Prime Minister Viktor Orban has caused loud protests from their European and U.S. allies with a law targeting an international university in Budapest founded by financier George Soros and viewed as a bastion of independent thinking in eastern Europe.
This is precisely what Orban wants. They face a parliamentary election in 2018 and opinion polls show they stand a good chance of being reelected for a third term. The European Commission said it would debate the subject on Wednesday, while Orban's domestic opponents, who consider the law part of a wider crackdown on dissent, plan further demonstrations against him.
MARKETS AT 0700 GMT
Investors are again seeking shelter in the traditional safe-haven assets of gold, high-grade government debt and the yen as scary geopolitical factors dominate markets. Gold and the yen both hit their highest in five months while yields on 30-year U.S. Treasury bonds fell to their lowest since mid-January.
Hit by the strong yen, Tokyo shares fell to a four-month low. That said, European shares are expected to open higher after other Asian bourses chalked up modest gains. Chinese shares fell after producer price inflation eased.
The latest reason to hide under the duvet, or at least buy gold, was a warning from North Korea of a nuclear attack on the United States in the event of any aggression – just as a U.S. Navy strike force heads towards the Korean peninsula. Chinese President Xi Jinping urged a peaceful resolution in a call with President Donald Trump. U.S. Treasury yields fell on Tuesday and are down further on Wednesday.
German 10-year government bond yields are marginally lower at just under 0.2 percent before an auction of the bonds.
The dollar is down 0.1 percent against a basket of major currencies. The yen is up 0.1 percent at 109.54 per dollar, the euro is up 0.1 percent at $1.0616 and sterling is slightly lower at $1.2484.
Traded volumes on many markets are light ahead of the Easter break and this can amplify moves. Among European shares, autos stocks could be a focus after German luxury carmaker Daimler issued a surprise release, saying first-quarter earnings jumped 87 percent, and autos parts maker Faurecia posted sales up 10 percent.
Ahead of first-quarter results season, earnings are expected to increase 7.1 percent year-on-year, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. Seven of the ten sectors should see an improvement in earnings relative to Q1 2016, with the energy sector expected to see the highest earnings growth rate.
Germany's Siemens and Canadian firm Bombardier are in ‘advanced' talks to combine their rail operations, leaving France's Alstom, which had been a runner-up in merger talks, out in the cold as rail industry consolidation develops. Siemens hit a fresh record high and Alstom slipped 2.8 percent on the news on Tuesday, and they could be ones to watch as more merger news comes through today.
Meanwhile Mexico's antitrust commission conditioned its acceptance of the ChemChina-Syngenta merger, demanding Syngenta divest five products, after European Union and U.S. authorities gave the deal the go-ahead and Syngenta itself announced Mexico's acquiescence on Monday.
Other potential movers: BHP Billiton reasserts strategy, says Elliott proposals flawed; Akzo Nobel reports Elliott, PPG for allegedly sharing 'sensitive' information; Tesco recovery gains momentum with profit jump; Barry Callebaut confirms guidance as growth picks up in Q2; Siemens, Bombardier in talks about rail JV –sources; WH Smith first-half profit up 3.75 percent on travel boost; Hunting reports positive Q1 EBITDA as U.S. shale activity rises; PageGroup quarterly profit hits record as markets outside UK grow.
Gold is up 0.1 percent at $1,274 an ounce, having risen as high as just short of $1,280, a five-month high. Copper is down 0.7 percent at $5,730 a tonne, with Korea tensions blamed for the fall. Oil prices their one-month high and on track for its longest winning streak since August. Brent up 10 cents a barrel at $56.33.
(Editing by Andrew Heavens)
(Reuters Health) - Gay and bisexual men in the United States who are diagnosed with HIV are promptly receiving the necessary treatments more often than in the past, according to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Still, black gay and bisexual men are less likely than their white counterparts to receive antiretroviral therapy (ART) to keep the human immunodeficiency virus in check, the researchers found.
They write in the Journal of Infectious Diseases that one goal of the National HIV/AIDS Strategy was to get 85 percent of people to a healthcare facility within three months of being diagnosed with HIV by 2015. By 2020, the goal is to get 85 percent of people diagnosed with HIV to care within one month.
The study team previously published 2008 and 2011 results from the CDC's National HIV Behavioral Surveillance, which includes data from 20 cities on adult HIV-positive men who have sex with men - a group at particular risk for HIV infection. The new study adds data from 2014.
Altogether, 1,144 men provided data in 2008, 1,338 in 2011 and 1,716 in 2014. The proportion of white men taking the survey fell 14 percentage points between 2008 and 2014, but the proportion of black men participating increased by 13 percentage points during the same period.
The average age of the men dropped over the study period, too. Insurance coverage increased from 75 percent in 2008 to 86 percent in 2014, which was the first year of coverage expansion under the Affordable Care Act.
In 2008, 79 percent of the men were seen at a healthcare facility within three months of their diagnosis. That measure - known as linkage to care - increased to 87 percent by 2014.
With the 2020 goal in mind, the researchers analyzed how many men were seen at a healthcare facility within one month of their HIV diagnosis. In 2014, 78 percent of men were linked to care within one month, which the researchers say suggests the 2020 goal is feasible.
When the researchers looked at how many of the men were receiving ART, they found the rate increased from 69 percent in 2008 to 88 percent in 2014.
People with insurance or with higher levels of education or income were more likely to be linked to care within a short amount of time and be on ART.
In all years, a higher percentage of ARV treatment was observed among whites, according to the researchers - and this disparity persisted in 2014. The proportion of white men on ART were 9 percentage points higher than the proportion of black men.
"We're moving in the right direction, but the fact that the disparities are persisting in 2014 when we've had access to antiretroviral therapy for so long is troubling," said Jennifer Kates, who is vice president and director of global health and HIV policy at the Kaiser Family Foundation in Washington, D.C.
The findings suggest black men are being linked to care at roughly the same rate as white men, but they're not getting equal access to ART, said Kates, who wasn't involved in the new study.
"There are some systemic issues on the healthcare system side – from providers to insurance – that this study wasn't designed to look at," they told Reuters Health.
For example, it could be that doctors are writing the prescriptions for ART, but lack of insurance or other social services is creating a barrier.
In an editorial accompanying the new study, Sten Vermund of the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville, Tennessee, writes that many organizations are working to find better and more effective outreach methods for HIV testing and care.
"Still, jurisdictions struggle with only limited success to solve their black-Hispanic-white disparities in HIV risk and access to care," Vermund writes.
The authors caution that the results are not nationally representative. Additionally, they relied on face-to-face interviews that may lead men to report higher levels of linkage to care and ART use since those would be the more socially desired answers.
Lead author Brooke Hoots, of the CDC's division of HIV/AIDS Prevention in Atlanta, was not available for comment by press time.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2owk28W and bit.ly/2owvMrL The Journal of Infectious Diseases, online March 29, 2017.
U.S. 10-YEAR YIELD ON TRACK TO POST The BIGGEST ONE-DAY INCREASE SINCE SEPTEMBER; LAST AT 2.847 PCT
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise? Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
1:14 Idaho QB Matt Linehan apologizes for postgame comments directed at President Staben
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
5:14 Bogus Basin's 75th anniversary kickoff party
1:50 Brundage Mountain uses fireworks, torchlight parade to celebrate New Year's
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
This story is about Published 1h
Troy Aikman: Dak and Dez connection 'needs to be better' Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Vernon Bryant/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) passes to Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) during warmups before a preseason game against the Indianapolis Colts at AT&T Stadium in Arlington on Saturday, August 19, 2017. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Cowboys Hall of Fame quarterback Troy Aikman joined The Musers on KTCK-FM 96.7/AM 1310 The Ticket. Here are some highlights.
Dak and Dez don't seem to be on the same page so far this season. Why do you think that is?
Troy Aikman: Well I think there are a lot of factors that go into that. First of all, targets is kind of an interesting figure. I don't completely dismiss it, but sometimes a receiver gets credited with a target when the ball wasn't a catchable ball, or if the quarterback's throwing the ball away. They've got to say someone was targeted, so whoever the closest receiver was. Sometimes it's a bit misleading, but with that being said there's no question that for someone who's had as many opportunities, the ball should be caught more.
Will Cowboys smash Green Bay like last October? Why loser of game will make the playoffs
I think that some of that has to do with the defensive backs that he's been facing, some of it has to do with the offensive line - I think it's given up more pressures, it certainly did on Sunday against the Rams. Overall, I think Dak has experienced a little more pressure than what they did a year ago. I don't think Dez is a great route runner. I think there's some uncertainty probably within the connection and the chemistry between Dak and Dez. I think it's a number of different things, but that should be better, and it needs to be better. I mean, (Bryant) has to be a force, and for too long they have not consistently been a guy who's been able to go out there and dominate games the way they once did years ago. How do you see the Dallas defense doing against Aaron Rodgers this weekend?
Troy Aikman: There's no doubt that the Packers offensive line is beat up. We've covered a lot of Packers games over the years. It just seems like this is a team on both sides of the ball that every year they have a number of significant injuries. Not only with the offensive line this week, but now Ty Montgomery, last year in the playoff game they were without Jordy Nelson, and they've had a ton of injuries over the years on the defensive side of the ball. It doesn't seem to faze them too much quite honestly. I think they'll be challenged. I know this, Mike McCarthy does not like giving their tackles help, and if they don't give help to DeMarcus Lawrence, I think whoever's trying to block him's going to have a tough afternoon. He's been amazing, but the secondary for the Cowboys - they've given up some things. If you give a guy like Aaron Rodgers any type of space, you turn a guy loose, he's capable of making huge plays as we know. The Packers aren't going to be a team that's just going to go in there and just pound you with the running game. It's all about the passing game and Aaron Rodgers. Even when you get pressure on him, if you don't stay in your lanes and they get outside the pocket then that's when a lot of their, if not most of their big plays occur. This is a Packers team that's certainly very confident playing the Cowboys and the success that they've had against them in recent years. It should be great. I don't expect it to be a whole lot different than the playoff game we had which was one of the great games that we had all season long.
Why Packers game is an early crossroads for the Cowboys, whether Jason Garrett admits it or not
Have you ever seen a quarterback that keeps a defense more on their heels from the second a play ends to the second a ball is snapped like Aaron Rodgers? Troy Aikman: He's pretty remarkable. We meet with these quarterbacks every week, and I marvel at everything they know about the opponent, and not just coverages. Typically there are certain things a quarterback should know that they have to know going into a game, and there are some things that just really aren't all that important, but they know everything. I don't know how much is put on them by the coaching staff and how much of it is just him. I know he's a pretty meticulous guy, but they could pretty much tell you the entire defensive roster going into a game and what he's facing. They manage the game as well as anybody that's in the game currently. They know when to use hard count, he's very effective with it. They also are constantly aware of when defenses are trying to substitute. I'm not even sure why defenses try to substitute in the middle of a series. I can't remember the last Packers game that I did where they did not catch the defense with 12 men on the field... He's extremely accurate, they can put it wherever they want to on the move or from different launch angles with their arm. He's an amazing guy, and someone I've gotten to know very well over the years and think a lot of. I have a ton of respect for them and how they play the position.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage survivor from the Manchester Arena bombing was praised for their “unbelievable attitude” after performing in the Britain's Got Talent semi-finals.
Hollie Booth, 13, and their dance troupe Rise Unbroken were among the eight acts on stage in Wednesday's live shows.
They performed to Macklemore and Ryan Lewis' Can't Hold Us, with Booth leaping out of their wheelchair and dancing on crutches.
It comes just over a year since the terror attack at the Ariana Grande concert where a suicide bomber killed 22 people including Booth's aunt, Kelly Brewster.
The group sported jumpers emblazoned with worker bees – the emblem for Manchester, symbolising the city's industrial past.
Amanda Holden said the youngster had come on “leaps and bounds”, adding the group had done “Manchester proud”.
(Image: Britiain's Got Talent/ITV)
Simon Cowell said: “Through your perseverance and and an unbelievable attitude … whatever happens… you have won.”
Rise Unbroken were joined by two golden buzzers acts in the third semi-finals as magician Marc Spelmann and opera singer Gruffydd Wyn.
Musical comedian Robert White also wowed the crowd as they took aim at the judges while the show escaped any serious glitches after the first two semi-finals were marred by issues.
Monday's broadcast was briefly interrupted due to stormy weather while a stage invader interrupted Tuesday's show.
There was a slight delay on Wednesday evening with presenter Declan Donnelly having to stall ahead of the fourth act, Mr Uekusa, as they were not quite ready.
The magician-cum-stripper eventually appeared after Donnelly said: “We're not quite ready for Mr Uekusa …. oh wait we are … brace yourself.”
They received the buzzer from Holden while Cowell said the performer was the “best person at getting your kit off in the world”.
Apple Inc (AAPL.O) has secured a permit to test autonomous vehicles in California, fuelling speculation that it is working on self-driving car technology in a crowded arena of companies hoping to offer those cars to the masses.
The permit allows it to conduct test drives in three vehicles with six drivers, the state Department of Motor Vehicles said on Friday. The vehicles are all 2015 Lexus RX450h, according to the DMV.
Although it has never openly acknowledged it is looking into building an electric car, Apple has recruited dozens of auto experts in recent years, and the permit pulls the curtain back a bit on any possible plan.
"This does confirm what's long been rumoured: that Apple is at least toying with the idea of getting into the autonomous game in some capacity," said Chris Theodore, president of consultancy Theodore & Associates, and a former vice president at Ford Motor Co (F.N) and Chrysler.
The permit does not mean Apple is definitely building a car. "This is not necessarily automobiles as initially rumoured, but software or possibly hardware associated with autonomous technology," Theodore said.
An Apple spokesperson declined to comment directly on the filing, pointing back to a statement the company made in November when it wrote to the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) on the subject of regulating self-driving vehicles.
"The company is investing heavily in the study of machine learning and automation, and is excited about the potential of automated systems in many areas, including transportation," Apple's director of product integrity, Steve Kenner, wrote in that five-page letter.
Apple executives have been coy about their interest in cars. Chief Executive Tim Cook has suggested that Apple wants to move beyond integration of Apple smartphones into vehicle infotainment systems.
Apple joins a growing list of traditional carmakers, technology companies, and small start ups to test drive cars in California - all vying to be the first to have commercially viable vehicles on the roads.
Companies that have been issued permits also include Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google unit, Ford Motor Co (F.N), Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE), Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE), Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA.O) and General Motors Co (GM.N).
Many companies have said the first cars will launch in 2020 but some experts believe it may take much longer due to regulatory challenges.
Shares of Apple closed down 0.5 percent at $141.05 on Thursday.
(Reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru and Jessica Resnick-Ault in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr)
* Geopolitical worries continue to drive safe-haven demand * Gold expected to hit $1,300 per ounce by end of week * SPDR Gold holdings see the best one-day gains since Sept. 2016 (Updates prices) By Sethuraman N R April 20 Gold prices held firm on Thursday after falling as much as 1 percent the previous day, with tensions surrounding North Korea and the upcoming French presidential election driving safe-haven demand. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,278.74 per ounce at 0756 GMT. The metal fell 0.8 percent on Wednesday in its worst one-day drop in over a month. "Sentiment overall is that everybody is looking for $1,300 at least by the end of the week. Sentiment around geopolitical issues is really playing on people's minds," said Spencer Campbell, general manager with Kaloti Precious Metals in Singapore. "We are seeing a lot more physical purchasing, with shops seeing a 100-percent increase in buying from the retail sector," said Campbell. "This clearly shows the pull back is an opportunity (to buy gold before it climbs above $1,300)." Analysts and traders said gold would be supported by simmering geopolitical tensions around North Korea and nervousness ahead of the first round of France's presidential election. "With this weekend's French Presidential vote event risk, it is hard to see gold forming a meaningful correction to the downside before next week at the earliest," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA. "Safe-haven buying should continue to support any dips." Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, rose 1.39 percent on Wednesday, their biggest one day gain since early September 2016. Holdings climbed nearly 12 tonnes from Tuesday to 860.76 tonnes. Meanwhile, spot silver gained 0.4 percent to $18.15 an ounce. Platinum was 0.2 percent higher at $964.74, while palladium rose about 1 percent at $782.97. (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Joseph Radford and Sunil Nair)
BRIEF-Alior Bank says chairperson resigns
* SAID ON WEDNESDAY THAT IT RECEIVED A NOTIFICATION FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF ITS SUPERVISORY BOARD MICHAŁ KRUPIŃSKI INFORMING ABOUT Their RESIGNATION FROM MEMBERSHIP IN THE BANK'S SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THE FUNCTION OF CHAIRMAN AS OF JUNE 14
Britain Football Soccer - West Ham United v Swansea City - Premier League - London Stadium - 8/4/17 West Ham United's Michail Antonio leaves the pitch after sustaining an injury Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien
West Ham United midfielder Michail Antonio will miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury, manager Slaven Bilic said ahead of Saturday's Premier League visit to bottom-placed Sunderland.
But Bilic will be able to call on striker Andy Carroll, who is expected to return to the starting lineup after a groin injury.
Antonio, the club's top scorer with nine goals, limped off in the first half of West Ham's 1-0 victory over Swansea last weekend. Hamstring problems had also forced them to withdraw from the England squad last month.
"He's one of our best players and of course it is a big blow that we are going to be without them until the end of the season," Bilic told a news conference on Thursday.
West Ham were on a seven-game winless run before the Swansea win, which pushed them up to 14th in the league and eight points clear of the relegation zone.
Bilic is hopeful that gap will increase after Saturday's trip to the Stadium of Light.
"Sunderland is in a situation that they are desperate for a win," the 48-year-old Croatian added.
"We know it's going to be extremely hard, but it's a good opportunity for us to get some points and get closer to safety."
Bilic said Carroll, formerly with Sunderland's North East rivals Newcastle United, would be fit enough to share the striker's role with Jonathan Calleri.
"Andy could (have played) ... for 15-20 minutes against Swansea, but this Saturday is completely different... We're likely going to need both Andy and Jonathan ...and they'll share the minutes on the pitch," the manager said.
Hammers' skipper Mark Noble is suspended, having picked up their 10th yellow card of the season against Swansea.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by John Stonestreet)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Enterprise financial management company Flexi is set to exhibit at this year's Accountex USA conference at the Hynes Convention Center in Boston September 6-8, 2017.
Contact
Flexi Software
***@flexi.com Flexi Software
End
-- Enterprise financial management company Flexi is set to exhibit at this year's Accountex USA conference at the Hynes Convention Center in Boston September 6-8, 2017.Accountex USA is the only independent accounting technology conference in the U.S. Accountex USA aims to deliver the most innovative technology solutions in the marketplace while also providing CPE via innovative keynotes and breakout sessions to provide accounting professionals with skills, best practices, and strategies to implement for maximum business success.Visit Flexi at booth 110 to learn more about the company's cloud-based accounting software. Flexi can also speak to bill pay, business intelligence, ERP, expense management, workflows, and more.Flexi Software provides a full suite of accounting software solutions designed to streamline even the most complex accounting processes. With Flexi's workflow-driven solutions, enterprise customers significantly increase the overall efficiency of accounting processes.Founded in 1992, Flexi solutions have been installed at more than 800 locations worldwide and the company has a long track record providing accounting solutions to businesses in all industries. Flexi solutions enable your business to increase productivity, reduce costs, and provide the analytics needed to make informed decisions so you can grow your business. For more information please visit: https://www.flexi.com/
PRAGUE Czech Finance Minister Andrej Babis said they were surprised by the prime minister's decision for the government to resign over a dispute in the cabinet between the two rivals, adding the best solution would be for it to stay in place until October elections, media reported on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said on Tuesday the resignation could be followed by a reformation of the cabinet with the same three-party centre-left coalition but without Babis - or could lead to an early national election.
"It is really a big surprise. I don't understand it. With this move the prime minister is destroying one of most successful governments following the revolution (that ended communism in 1989)," news website Aktualne.cz quoted Babis as saying while on a trip outside of the capital.
(Reporting by Jason Hovet; Editing by Jan Lopatka)
The Wellington Phoenix have signed Serbian striker Andrija Kaluderovic for the 2017/18 A-League season.
The 30-year-old has enjoyed a 14-year professional career, playing for clubs in Serbia, China, Spain, Cyprus, Switzerland, Qatar, Lithuania and most recently Thailand.
Their most significant spells were at Serbian SuperLiga sides FK Rad, where they scored 21 goals in 45 games, and the country's biggest club Red Star Belgrade, scoring 19 times in 43 appearances.
Their 13 goals for Red Star Belgrade in 2011 saw them finish the year as equal top scorer in the SuperLiga and earned them a place in the competition's Team of the Year.
Advertisement
Kaluderovic also had a brief previous stint in the A-League with Brisbane Roar in 2015, where current Phoenix assistant coach Rado Vidosic was on the coaching staff.
In ten appearances for the Roar they scored five goals, including one against the Phoenix in a game which was eventually called off early due to a waterlogged pitch.
Kaluderovic, who stands 180cm tall and weighs 74kg, has played three times for Serbia at full international level and six times for their country's under-23 and under-21 teams.
 They are a strong centre forward who shoots with both feet and is a set-piece specialist.
With the departures of Kosta Barbarouses and Shane Smeltz, acquiring a goalscorer has been a priority for new Phoenix head coach Darije Kalezic.
Kaluderovic is the fifth of the allowed five overseas players on the Phoenix roster, joining Roy Krishna (Fiji), Marco Rossi (Italy), Gui Finkler (Brazil) and Goran Paracki (Croatia).
It also brings to five the signings made by Kalezic, joining Paracki and Australians Scott Galloway, Daniel Mullen and Dario Vidosic.
The Phoenix open their A-League season on October 8 at home to Adelaide United.
Relegation threatened Hayes and Yeading United eased their worries in style with two finely poached goals at Dunstable Town on Saturday.
The visitors avenged their narrow 1-0 defeat at the hands of the Blues earlier in the season, and they deserved the 2-0 result. The fact they needed it and wanted it more may have a lot to do with it.
The 155 spectators at Creasey Park were served up a largely uninspiring first half. The tricky wind upset attempts at the accurate long ball. An early corner from Zack Reynolds was carried smartly out of play to underline this, and a long ball caught Nathan Olukani offside.
Adam Moussi had a blocked effort and a Hayes corner saw Harry Bean needed two bites at the cherry to clear the lines. Mitchell Weiss had a blocked effort for the visitors and Anthony Edgar saw their shot deflected.
The best chance came when Claudio Diaz had a clear run and a shot but this was comfortably saved by Danny Boness.
The game was changed by the half-time substitutions made by the visitors. The masterly substitution of David Hutton for Cole Brown proved to be the decision that changed the nature of the game. This fellow was an out and out playmaker and gave the game the vital spark it had lacked hitherto.
The visitors took a deserved lead after 64 minutes with some intricate work in the Dunstable penalty area. The ball was knocked around until one hopeful shot was parried and Hutton, who had instigated the move,finished neatly.
Dunstable's reaction was mute and ten minutes later a goal of a similar nature and also scored on thre rebound settled the match. The ball fell opportunely to Franke Jones nd it was suddenly 2-0 to Hayes and Yeading.
A cross from sub Jack Green to fellow sub Jetmir Esso saw them squander a decent chance as Dunstable did not look like scoring.
DUNSTABLE TOWN
Jack Smith, Zack Reynolds, Harry Bean, Danny Green, (David Longe-king), Bradley Hewitt, Adam Pepera, captain, Nathan Olukanmi, Claudio Diaz, Joshua Oyinsan, Adam Moussi, (Jetmir Esso), James Verney, (Jack Green). Other substitute – Tony Fontenelle.
Referee- Darren Knox, Henlow, Bedfordshire, assisted by Thomas Whay, Harlow, Essex and Graham Swanton, Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire. All had sound games.
April 3 Castlight Health Inc
* Castlight Health Inc - on April 3, 2017 entered into a second amended and restated loan and security agreement - SEC filing
* Castlight Health - amending and restating in its entirety that certain amended and restated loan and security agreement, dated as of August 29, 2016
* Castlight Health - Silicon Valley Bank agreed to refinance existing term loan facility owed to bank under prior loan agreement
* Castlight Health - amendment to increase availability amount under existing recurring revenue loan facility under prior loan agreement to $25 million
* Castlight Health Inc - loan agreement provides for a $25 million revolving credit facility
* Castlight Health Inc - borrowers may request borrowings under revolving line prior to April 3, 2019, on which date revolving line terminates
* Castlight Health Inc - loan agreement also provides for an approximately $5.6 million term loan Source text: (bit.ly/2nxzWfi) Further company coverage:
(Updates with Park sent to prison)
By Cynthia Kim and Ju-min Park
SEOUL, March 31 A South Korean court on Friday approved a warrant to arrest ousted president Park Geun-hye, the country's first democratically elected leader to be thrown out of office, on accusations of bribery and abuse of power.
Park can be held in a cell for up to 20 days while they are investigated over allegations that they colluded with a friend, Choi Soon-sil, to pressure big businesses to contribute to now-defunct foundations set up to back their policy initiatives.
A judge at the Seoul Central District Court said in a statement that "the cause and the need for the warrant are recognized as the main charges against them have been verified and as evidence could be destroyed."
About two hours after the ruling, Park was driven to the Seoul Detention Center located just outside of the city in a black sedan, with two female investigators escorting her, televised news showed.
Them supporters shouted their name and waved South Korean flags as they arrived at the detention center just before 5 a.m. local time, behind a cordon formed by the police to prevent the crowd from following them in and mixing with any Park opponents, who were also at the scene.
Park gave about eight hours of testimony at the same court on Thursday and was held at the prosecutors' office next door while the judge studied the evidence and arguments to decide on whether to issue the arrest warrant.
On Thursday, Park, 65, arrived expressionless at the court to plead their case that they should not be arrested or held while prosecutors investigate the scandal.
Park argues that they do not pose a flight risk and will not try to tamper with evidence.
They and Choi have both denied any wrongdoing.
Park's removal from office capped months of paralysis and turmoil over the corruption scandal that also landed the head of the Samsung conglomerate in detention and on trial.
Them impeachment this month has left a political vacuum, with only an interim president pending a May 9 election, at a time of rising tensions with North Korea over its weapons programme and with China, which is angry over South Korea's decision to host a U.S. anti-missile system.
Prosecutors said on Monday that Park was accused of soliciting companies for money and infringing upon the freedom of corporate management by using their power as the president. Park was questioned for 14 hours by prosecutors last week.
They could face more than 10 years in jail if convicted of receiving bribes from bosses of big conglomerates, including Samsung Group chief Jay Y. Lee, in return for favours.
Lee, who denies charges that they provided bribes in return for favours for Samsung, and Choi are both in detention and on trial separately.
Lee's trial, for which so far only preliminary hearings have been held, will begin on April 7 when they are expected to appear, court records showed.
Park may be given a bigger cell than other inmates in a Seoul detention facility, but they would be subject to the same rules on everything from meals to room inspections, former prosecution and correctional officials have said.
They were removed from office when a constitutional court upheld their impeachment by parliament. The ruling sparked protests by hundreds of their supporters, two of whom were killed in clashes with police outside the court, and a festive rally by those who had demanded they be removed from office. (Additional reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Jack Kim and Nick Macfie)
March 30 Touchcorp Ltd:
* Afterpay and Touchcorp - merger to proceed
* Two companies have agreed to merge under a new Australian holding company called "Afterpay Touch Group Limited"
* Anthony Eisen will be Afterpay Touch Group's executive chairperson
* Nick Molnar will be managing director and chief executive officer of Afterpay Touch Group
* Nadine Lennie will be chief financial officer of Afterpay Touch Group
* Subject to conditions being satisfied, merger is expected to be implemented in late June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte speaks during a news conference after concluding the 30th Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump invited Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte to the White House during a phone call on Saturday that also addressed concerns over North Korea, the White House said in a statement.
The White House gave no details of when the leaders would meet in Washington to discuss their alliance, but said Trump looked forward to visiting the Philippines in November as part of two summits with other Asian nations.
(Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Workers sit outside a construction site in the Central Business District in Beijing, China, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
BEIJING The number of Chinese migrant workers leaving their home provinces to find work slowed for the sixth year in a row last year, the statistics bureau said on Friday, as economic growth slows.
The number fell 1 percent from 2015 to 76.66 million.
Reuters reported last year that jobs for China's migrant workers were drying up as growth slowed and they were heading home where salaries are lower than in larger cities.
Older migrant workers are a growing pool of labour with the average age of workers in 2016 at 39, up 0.4 years from 2015, according to the statistics bureau. Over-50s made up 19.2 percent of the labour pool, up from 17.9 percent in 2015.
China's migrant workers totalled 281.71 million in 2016, up 1.5 percent from 2015 and their average monthly salary rose 6.6 percent to 3572 yuan (404.23 pounds), according to the statistics bureau.
China's official unemployment rate has been around 4 percent for years, despite the rapid slowdown from double-digit growth to quarter-century lows, and does not include migrant workers.
(Reporting by Sue-Lin Wong; editing by Nick Macfie)
BEIJING, March 30 PetroChina said on Thursday it will consider taking part in national oil giant Saudi Aramco's initial public offering based on market conditions, the second Chinese oil major to discuss becoming an investor this week.
"Saudi Aramco has raised this plan to PetroChina," said president and vice chairperson Wang Dongjin on Thursday at a briefing following the announcement of China's largest oil and gas producer's 2016 results.
"I think we will make our evaluation and study based on the market situation," Wang said.
On Monday, Sinopec Corp said Aramco president had visited the firm and both sides would have talks on the IPO, which is expected to be the world's largest equity sale. (Reporting by Gabriel Yiu and Raffaele Huang; Writing by Josephine Mason; Editing by Tom Hogue)
April 28 Hangzhou Liaison Interactive Information Technology Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to decrease by 30 percent to increase by 20 percent, or to be 135.7 million yuan to 232.6 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 193.9 million yuan
* Says that stable business as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/W91J2B
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON Oil major BP (BP.L) expects its trading operations to benefit from growing global crude trade on the back of abundant U.S., Canadian and Brazilian production and rising energy demand in Asia, a top BP executive said.
Tufan Erginbilgic, the head of BP's downstream division that includes one of the world's most powerful trading desks, told Reuters they wanted to expand BP's trading activities using long-term deals on third-party oil and products.
U.S. shale oil production using fracking technology has turned the world's largest oil consumer into an exporter of crude and products, while Canada is developing its vast oil sands deposits and Brazil is developing huge offshore fields.
"There will be more flows in the world because where crude production will increase is the U.S., Canada, Brazil, and refining will increase in Asia and the Middle East," Erginbilgic told Reuters in an interview.
"We are not shy of optimizing the opportunities in any of our businesses," they said when asked if BP planned to expand its trading operations as flows increased.
BP, which employs about 1,800 people in oil trading, trades over 5 million barrels per day (bpd) of oil and refined products, and is only exceeded by rival Royal Dutch/Shell and trading house Vitol.
The trading unit does not normally disclose results separately from the downstream business, which includes refining and petrochemical production. But industry experts estimate trading profits can be more than $1 billion in a good year.
But, in an unusual move, BP said its oil trading had a loss in the fourth quarter of 2016 partly due to a $70 million lawsuit claim related to a cargo for a Moroccan refinery. It coincided with an oil price rally after OPEC announced plans to cut output.
"Our supply and trading is more about physical barrels than people realize," said Erginbilgic, referring to a common market perception that BP trades heavily on paper positions.
They also said BP wanted to expand its long-term deals to trade on crude and products from third-parties. "We like our (BP) flows, but we are not limited by them," they said.
The world is becoming saturated with barrels of light crude from U.S. shale producers, while cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries are reducing flows of the heavier grades that OPEC states mostly produce.
This benefits Atlantic basin refineries that are less sophisticated than modern Asian and Middle Eastern plants, which can deal with heavy and more complex grades of crude, said Erginbilgic. This should boost prices of heavier fuel oil.
"At some point, fuel oil will have to strengthen in this equation because people will need fuel oil to fill the cokers," they said, referring to units that deal with heavier residual crudes in the refining process.
But they said fuel oil gains were unlikely to hold for long due to new marine fuel regulations requiring the use of fuel with a lower sulfur content than fuel oil and encouraging usage of middle distillates from 2020. Middle distillates are lighter.
"Distillates will strengthen in the process at least early on," said Erginbilgic, adding that new refineries being built in Asia and the Middle East would help meet new marine fuel demand.
They said global demand for distillates was poised to grow faster than gasoline.
"Given the complexity of our refineries we are well positioned," said Erginbilgic, adding that 47 percent of output from BP's plants was distillates while less than 3 percent was high sulfur fuel oil.
BP has said it does not plan to build new refineries but will modernize existing ones.
Erginbilgic, who has run BP's downstream division since 2014, said they were ensuring that the trading business worked more closely with refining to generate profits.
"We brought together supply and trading and refining, they make decisions in the regions together. That allows you to optimize the pie," they said.
(Writing by Dmitry Zhdannikov; Editing by Edmund Blair)
Mining through black metal for embarrassing covers seems to be a stable career as it's a cavern pregnant with aesthetic missteps and artistic statements that scream, “Hey, Mom and Dad, this isn't a phase.” Now we can argue that it's the music that counts, and in a most cases that's true, but we are a visual people, probably due to decades of training via marketing. Let's use this example: if Coca-Cola got rid of Santa and polar bears at Christmas and just had pictures of old dicks all over the can, I'm pretty sure a lot of people wouldn't purchase it regardless of it being the same old Coke on the inside.
At the rate things are progressing, they're probably going to have to replace polar bears with something in the next few decades. How many companies use a fucking dodo as their mascot? Plenty, I'm sure, but you get the idea.
It also indicates that if you give this little of a shit about the optical presentation, then who is to say you cared about the music? If you truly just wanted your music to speak for you, then you'd just use a blank sleeve as the cover. Either way, it's your vision I guess, go be a visionary.
I've left out demos and shit from the '80s, mostly because that seemed unfair and otherwise you'd have to read 250 words on Goatlord's Sodomize the Goat art. Christopher Moyen's name came up numerous times when discussing this list, but their art is awesome. However, their many imitators are almost universally garbage and lack the master's touch. You could have a coffee table book of shitty Thorncross mimics, so you have something to discuss the next time your PO stops by. Honestly, I don't know how many variations of Jesus being raped we really need but it's hilariously suspect in a corner of black metal that values testosterone and masculinity, the same people who get uncomfortable when I make too many dick jokes.
Ragnarok - Blackdoor Miracle
LONDON, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Newcastle captain Jonjo Shelvey apologised to their teammates after their red card for a stamp on Tottenham Hotspur's Dele Alli left them with 10 men for almost all the second half in the 2-0 Premier League defeat at St James' Park on Sunday.
"Jonjo apologised to the team after the game," said manager Benitez.
TV replays showed Shelvey deliberately trod on Alli's ankle in full view of referee Andre Marriner after the Tottenham player failed to give them the ball.
The referee immediately gave the midfielder a straight red card.
Shelvey will now serve an automatic three-match ban, missing games against Huddersfield Town, West Ham United and Swansea City as Newcastle seek to re-establish themselves in England's top tier after promotion.
Shelvey's moment of madness changed the course of the game with Newcastle still level.
It appeared even more ill-advised because Newcastle had already lost two players injured in a hectic first half hour. The incident happened in the 48th minute after Alli had been fouled by Isaac Hayden.
Shelvey went to get the ball from Alli and, apparently annoyed when the Spurs midfielder knocked it away, stepped on Alli's ankle.
Benitez admitted Shelvey's red card changed the match but said the stamp was not as dangerous as a Harry Kane tackle on Florian Lejeune, for which they were booked.
"It was difficult from the beginning. We had to adapt things [after injuries]. The red card changed everything. I think we were defending well. We have to improve. We had our chances but we missed them," Benitez said.
"The Harry Kane tackle was worse than this one. It's more dangerous. We lost one player from that. We made a mistake, but I think maybe someone has to analyse these things to see what's more dangerous."
Alli did not want to talk about the incident when they were interviewed by Sky TV after the game. "It was one of those things.  They are a great player and I am sure they are going to be disappointed," they said.
"I have been called up a couple of times for my own temper but it is important we kept our cool."
The red card is the third of the 25-year-old Shelvey's controversial career and follows the five-match ban and 100,000 pounds ($130,110.00) fine they received last season for racially abusing Wolverhampton Wanderers' Moroccan-born player Romain Saiss.
Five years ago they were also involved in a touchline argument with former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson when they were sent off while playing for Liverpool for a two-footed lunge on Jonny Evans.
KUALA LUMPUR, April 28 Malaysian palm oil giant IOI Group said on Friday it would improve peatland management and resolve labour issues in a move that comes after it lost major customers last year when its sustainability certification was briefly suspended.
IOI said in a statement it would also ensure third-party suppliers comply with its sustainable standards, and would commission an independent verification of its sustainable policies in the second quarter of 2018. Palm oil is the most widely used edible oil in the world, featuring in products from cooking oil and margarine to cosmetics and soap.
In April last year the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) suspended IOI's certificates for allegedly violating sustainable policies at concessions in Indonesia. Though its certificates were reinstated four months later, leading global buyers including food giants Nestle, Kellogg and Hersheys held off resuming business ties with IOI.
"IOI stands firmly committed to the implementation of its sustainability policies and believes that its progress in key areas...sends a strong signal to stakeholders around its desire for continued improvement," the company said on Friday.
Plantations in Indonesia and Malaysia, which produce about 85 percent of global supply, have come under scrutiny from activists and consumer companies in recent years, particularly over the clearing of millions of hectares of forest.
IOI first came under fire in 2015 when Amsterdam-based green group Aidenvironment filed a complaint to the RSPO claiming that the plantation company illegally chopped down rainforests in Indonesia and planted palm crops on peatland.
(Reporting by Emily Chow; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
* Southampton and Arsenal drew 1-1 at St Mary's
* Giroud came off the bench to head in a late equaliser
* Austin had put the Saints ahead in the third minute
* The draw moved Arsenal up to fifth, Southampton are 10th
* Southampton could have gone 2-0 up in first five minutes
* Arsenal are at West Ham on Wednesday, Southampton host Leicester
SOUTHAMPTON 1 ARSENAL 1
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Second half substitute Olivier Giroud rescued Arsenal with a late equaliser on Sunday after Southampton had looked like taking all three points in a 1-1 draw at St Mary‘s.
France international Giroud, who came off the bench in the 72nd minute to replace compatriot Alexandre Lacazette, made it 1-1 in the 88th with a glancing header into the bottom right corner.
Until then Arsenal had been staring at a second successive league defeat, after a stinging 3-1 loss to Manchester United at the Emirates last weekend. The Gunners moved up to fifth place and behind Liverpool on goal difference.
Southampton had made a dream start with Charlie Austin grabbing their fourth goal in four league games with a third minute shot past Petr Cech after being fed through by Dusan Tadic. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
WorkSafeBC wants you to keep safe while hanging those Christmas lights this year
On average more than 930 workers in British Columbia are seriously injured each year due to falls from ladders and many of those incidents were preventable.
With the holiday season in full swing, WorkSafe BC wants you to know that using a ladder around the house has risks too.
WorkSafeBC has released six new ladder-safety videos to remind workers, employers and homeowners to use ladders safely, both on the job and while decorating at home for the holidays.
“Last year, more than 1,000 workers were seriously injured in falls from height, including while using stepladders, extension ladders and scaffolding,” says Dan Strand, Director of Prevention Field Services for WorkSafeBC.
“The new videos and our ladder safety resources illustrate how the right ladder, the correct positioning and hazard assessments could prevent a life-changing serious injury or death.”
From 2012 to 2016, six workers died and there were 4,920 accepted time-loss claims — including 1,634 serious injuries — as a result of falls from ladders across all industries in B.C.
It's time to use ladders safely:
Select the right ladder for the job and ensure the ladder is long enough to extend one metre above the upper landing
Place the ladder on a firm, level surface and inspect it before each use to ensure it's in good working condition, looking for issues such as cracks or loose rungs
Always maintain three points of contact while climbing a ladder: two feet and one hand or two hands and one foot
Don't carry heavy or bulky objects while climbing up or down a ladder
Don't work from the top two rungs of the ladder or have more than one worker on a ladder at once
Wind, rain, and snow may pose additional hazards that need to be mitigated
Check for power lines and ensure a minimum distance of three metres can be maintained at all times before starting work
Laddersafety201203 PDF En by Anonymous DaiOVotR on Scribd
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
“My grandma has worn the same shirt with red, white, blue and stars to celebrate the 4th of July for more than 25 years. Thanks to the World Cup we finally noticed it's the Panama flag.”
My grandma has worn the same shirt with red, white, blue, and stars to celebrate the 4th of July for more than 25 years. Every year, they wear the exact same shirt.
Thanks to the #WorldCup we finally noticed it's the Panama Flag.
Over 25 years of treason. pic.twitter.com/j9sLoWo9QY — Dale Cheesman (@dalecheesman4) July 2, 2018
A woman in Texas has been wearing the same “patriotic shirt” T-shirt every year to commemorate the 4th of July. They have been donning it for 25 years now.
However, for years they failed to notice that the patriotic stars and stripes top bore a stark resemblance to a foreign flag – it was actually the national flag for Panama.
Shirley Cheesman, 88, discovered the resemblance when their grandson Dale watched the World Cup and noticed the similarities in the flag and their grandmother's T-shirt. They then uploaded a side by side picture on Twitter of Cheesman wearing the T-shirt and a picture of the Panama Flag.
“My grandma has worn the same shirt with red, white, blue and stars to celebrate the 4th of July for more than 25 years. Thanks to the World Cup we finally noticed it's the Panama flag. Over 25 years of treason,” Dale wrote on Twitter.
The grandson later told BBC they realized that their grandma's T-shirt was similar to the Panama flag while they were watching a World Cup match with their brother-in-law.
“We were on a family trip celebrating the 4 July weekend early because it's on a Wednesday this year. We showed my grandma at dinner. She's not happy with the picture. They say they didn't have much makeup on but I think they look cute,” they added.
Dale also said Cheesman will continue to wear the shirt regardless and will not quit wearing it because “it is tradition” and added that they might end up purchasing Panama shirts for the entire family. They also said when they discovered the resemblance, they and their brother-in-law “died laughing.”
Panama made their debut in the World Cup this year. However, they failed to win any of the matches and were knocked out in the group stages of the tournament.
Although the defeat was depressing for the Central American country, Cheesman's mix up surely did bring a smile to many Panamanians' face. Not only did they find it funny but they also extended invitations for the grandmother to visit Panama.
Tell your grandma to wear it on Nov. 3rd Panama's Independence Day. We support her!! — Guillermo Cruz (@lawyerpan) July 2, 2018
ur grandma is so cute, tell them they can come visit panama any time! — Giuliana?? (@Giulii) July 2, 2018
Tell your grandma she's invited to a dominguera in my house https://t.co/hi9k2Zh49a — giyoncé (@astridbennett) July 2, 2018
Awesome they are welcome to come to Panama cheers and happy 4th of July — Nilka de Espinosa (@nilka09) July 3, 2018
Read More Sikh Community Saves California Town's Fourth Of July Celebrations
Spotlight, Banner: Pixabay, jill111
NEW DELHI (AP) — An Indian company that is partnering with the Trump Organization on an office tower project has been accused of running an elaborate real estate swindle that cheated investors out of nearly $150 million, according to complaints filed with Indian authorities.
Ramesh Sanka, the former CEO of the real estate firm IREO, said in the documents obtained by The Associated Press that they saw "various acts of cheating, fraud and misappropriation of money" at their onetime employer that created "huge wrongful gains" for the company's managing director and their associates.
The documents make no mention of the Trump Organization, and focus largely on two real estate deals that began years before the organization signed a 2016 agreement with IREO to partner on an office tower in Gurgaon, outside New Delhi.
Sanka quit the company in late 2016 "because I was increasingly uncomfortable with the way in which IREO's business was being conducted," according to a police complaint they filed in late February in Gurgaon, a sprawling and ever-growing satellite city of New Delhi.
Advertisement
In a statement at the time, Donald Trump Jr. said: "IREO is truly a fantastic group and we are looking forward to pushing the boundaries together to create what will soon be one of the most exciting and sought-after commercial towers in India."
The Trump Organization has licensing agreements with all its Indian business partners, who build the properties and acquire the Trump name in exchange for a fee.
The Trump Organization did not immediately respond to requests for comment from The AP.
Sanka's accusations were first reported by The Washington Post.
Their statements form the basis for an Indian police complaint filed by two large international investors, the UK-based Children's Investment Fund Foundation, a philanthropy founded by British billionaire Chris Hohn, and New York-based Axon partners.
The complaint accuses Lalit Goyal, IREO's managing director, of being at the heart of the alleged fraud, with Sanka's statement saying they "was the final decision maker on all matters" at IREO.
The documents focus on two deals, one for 78 acres in the small town of Bhiwadi, about 30 miles from Gurgaon, and another for 37 acres of land in Gurgaon.
Through a series of sub-deals, the documents say much of the investment money was channeled away from real estate developments and to Goyal and people close to him.
The complaint filed by Axon and Children's Investment Fund Foundation says the Bhiwadi deal was "nothing but a sham planned by Lalit Goyal in conspiracy with various other accused persons to misappropriate about $62 million."
A March 9 letter from Hohn and Dinakar Singh, Axon's managing partner, say Goyal "and related entities appear to have diverted funds" worth nearly $150 million, and that they have seen evidence "suggesting there may have been wrongdoing and theft well beyond these amounts."
The letter, obtained by The AP, was sent to IREO investors.
Goyal and other top IREO officials could not be reached for comment.
The Children's Investment Fund Foundation and Axon had originally filed suit in Mauritius, where the IREO investment funds were incorporated, trying to pressure IREO to manage them better.
In February, before accusations of mismanagement had shifted to accusations of fraud, Goyal told Barron's magazine that IREO carefully watched over investor money and that that "we are very hopeful they will get much more than what they invested back."
Donald Trump Jr. recently finished a trip through India, promoting properties that have licensed the family name.
The Trump Organization has five projects in India, making it the brand's largest market outside the United States. One complex is already open in the central Indian city of Pune, with other developments in various stages of construction in Kolkata and Mumbai, and two in Gurgaon.
___
Stephen Braun in Washington, DC contributed to this report.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds final results, government programme details)
By Tuomas Forsell and Jussi Rosendahl
HELSINKI, April 10 Finland's jointly ruling eurosceptic Finns party saw its support tumble in municipal elections on Sunday, potentially tipping its own leadership race in favour of a hardline anti-immigration candidate.
The moderate nationalist Finns party won 8.8 percent support, slumping from the 17.7 percent of the vote it won in a 2015 parliamentary election and its 12.3 percent support in 2012 local elections.
The downturn for the second-biggest party in parliament could spell trouble for the three-party government by boosting support in the party's leadership race for Jussi Halla-aho, who has said they want to take the country out of the euro zone and the European Union.
Finance Minister Petteri Orpo's conservative NCP retained its position as the leading local government party with 20.7 percent support, followed by the opposition Social Democrats with 19.4 percent and Prime Minister Juha Sipila's Centre party with 17.5 percent.
The small opposition party The Greens also won more support than the Finns party.
The Finns party, previously known as True Finns, has in recent years softened its nationalist and anti-EU platform, helping it enter the government but also angering some of its core voters.
"There's no way around it, we took it on the chin... We suffered from the government's austerity policy. Our work for the fatherland took its toll," Foreign Minister Timo Soini who is due in June to step down from the helm of the Finns party, told reporters.
"The party must analyse what it wants, whether it wants to stick to the government policy... I hope it will not become an opposition party that protests everything."
Halla-aho, a member of the European Parliament and an anti-immigration hardliner, is one of two front-runners in the Finns' leadership race along with lawmaker Sampo Terho, a Soini ally.
"The party's support curve has been catastrophic, so they will likely seek to raise their profile in the government," said Markku Jokisipila, a political scientist at the University of Turku.
"This vote definitely plays in the favour of Halla-aho ahead of the June party congress."
The three government parties got just 47 percent of votes. The coalition has faced strikes and demonstrations over its austerity policies, including a hard-fought labour reform deal which cut workers' benefits and increased working hours.
Economists have warned that a government crisis would endanger the implementation of a health care reform that is seen as a key part of the government's plan to cut public spending by 10 billion euros ($10.6 billion) over the long term. ($1 = 0.9454 euros) (Editing by Hugh Lawson; Editing by Sandra Maler)
March 29 Duke Energy Corp:
* Duke Energy -issues statement in connection with legal action against some insurance cos seeking payment for liabilities associated with coal ash
* Duke Energy-"believes insurance policies issued to it through mid-1980s may cover some of the costs to comply" with new state, federal coal ash laws, regulations
* Duke Energy-asserted claims against more than two dozen insurance cos that, in the past, provided general liability insurance to Duke Energy Carolinas
* Says since no insurer agreed to pay claims, which could total hundreds of millions of dollars, co filed a civil action Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 28 The Kansas Senate gave final approval on Tuesday to a bill expanding eligibility for Medicaid under the federal Affordable Care Act (ACA) even though the measure faces a likely veto by Republican Governor Sam Brownback.
The 25-14 Senate vote followed the House's 81-44 passage of the bill last month, with the vote totals falling short of veto-proof margins in both Republican-controlled chambers.
In a tweet on Monday, Melika Willoughby, the governor's spokesperson, said instead of addressing the health care needs of vulnerable residents in a sustainable way, the legislature was choosing to expand "a failing entitlement program."
"To expand Obamacare when the program is in a death spiral is not responsible policy," they tweeted.
After legislation to replace and repeal the act championed by former President Barack Obama was pulled in the U.S. House last week, President Donald Trump warned Obamacare would collapse. The replacement bill pushed by House Speaker Paul Ryan would have ended the ACA's expansion of Medicaid, the federal and state funded insurance program for the poor and disabled.
Kansas was not among the 31 states as of 2016 that had opted to expand Medicaid with the federal government footing much of the cost under Obamacare.
With the ACA's enhanced federal funding, Kansas' expansion effective Jan. 1, 2018 would cost the state an estimated $31 million in fiscal 2018, which begins July 1, and $67 million in fiscal 2019 with the addition of more than 180,000 recipients, according to estimates cited in a legislative report on the bill.
Without enhanced federal matching funds, the state's costs would balloon to $465 million by fiscal 2019.
Kansas is already struggling with a structural budget deficit largely due to tax cuts enacted in 2012. In addition, the state supreme court ruled earlier this month that Kansas was underfunding public schools in violation of a state constitutional requirement for adequacy. (Reporting By Karen Pierog; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
They represented New Zealand at the Olympics as well as cycling around the world.
But it was while riding a motorcycle in the Mountain Thunder Easter street race in Methven where Christchurch man Ruaraidh McLeod died.
They were only 25 years old but had accomplished much as a cyclist.
They took part in the Australian Youth Olympic Festival 2009 as well as spending time cycling overseas including Belgian.
Two-time Olympic medallist Hayden Roulston was one of many to pay tribute to them on Facebook.
"Such sad news hearing about the death of Ruaraidh McLeod. RIP buddy. Gone way to soon. Such a good dude!" they wrote.
Others in the cycling fraternity were also mourning their loss.
Cycling Canterbury posted about losing one of their own.
"A New Zealand Champion and National Representative but most importantly they were a friend to all, and a wonderful kind spirited person. At 25, taken from us way to soon."
Continued below.
Related Content Your Views: Readers Letters John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Mark Whitehouse: Trump really might be scaring away tourists
Their friends at Villa Maria College were also saddened.
Their cycling had sent them all around the world, which sparked more tributes.
A fellow Spanish cyclist said McLeod was a "great man laughing all the time. Making the most out of s*** situations".
McLeod's death doesn't count in the Easter road toll, which ended at 6am today and stands at two, as it was an event on a private road.
- NZ Herald
April 10 Chairman of Spain's Banco Popular :
* Says bank is in no position right now to pay dividends and is short of capital
* "If there was any doubt, the bank is in no position to pay dividends. The bank is short of capital," Chairman Emilio Saracho told shareholders in Madrid.
* Earlier, Saracho said Popular was set to raise more capital and a merger was a possibility. Further company coverage: (Reporting By Madrid Newsroom)
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
Recruiter PageGroup (PAGE.L) posted a record quarterly gross profit that beat expectations, helped by growth in markets outside Britain where company and candidate confidence was dampened by uncertainty after the country voted to leave the EU.
PageGroup shares were up 6 percent at 472.31 pence by 0850 GMT, while rival Hays (HAYS.L), which reports results on Thursday, was up 3.8 percent, making those stocks the top two gainers in London's midcap index .FTMC.
Gross profit grew 9.1 percent at constant currency rates to 170.3 million pounds in the three months to March 31, PageGroup said on Wednesday, partly due to the timing of the Easter holiday, which falls in the second quarter this year.
Analysts had on an average expected gross profit growth of 3.3 percent, and Morgan Stanley said the results implied an upgrade of between 6 and 8 percent to its full-year operating profit estimate of 103 million pounds.
The company, which mainly finds candidates to fill permanent rather than temporary roles, posted a slight fall in UK gross profit to 36.4 million pounds, which marked a sequential improvement and the region's strongest performance in a year.
Chief Executive Steve Ingham said UK regional manufacturers and exporters were hiring more engineering and technical people to help keep up with business growth thanks to the pound's slide, but overall the market remained weak.
"We have the same number of jobs going into the second quarter as we did go into the beginning of the year and I don't see that changing until we realise what sort of decisions is being made around Brexit," Ingham told Reuters.
The CEO said the company would increase its headcount in growing markets such as Europe, China and the United States, while its headcount would remain flat in the UK, where London and financial services had remained under pressure.
Smaller recruiter Robert Walters (RWA.L) said on Tuesday London banks were hiring more staff, but Ingham said UK financial services hiring had not improved sequentially as companies remained concerned about their ability to sell to EU clients from UK bases after Brexit.
"We haven't had any (finance) clients confirm to us that they are moving wholesale out of the UK ... but at the moment there's still some caution about hiring the sort of volumes that we perhaps saw this time last year," they said.
(Editing by Louise Heavens and David Holmes)
UPDATE 3-Tennis-Nottingham Open women's singles round 2 results
June 14 (Gracenote) - Results from the Nottingham Open Women's Singles Round 2 matches on Wednesday Tsvetana Pironkova (Bulgaria) beat Kurumi Nara (Japan) 6-3 6-2 Kristie Ahn (U.S.) beat Magda Linette (Poland) 6-3 6-1 Ashleigh Barty (Australia) beat Jana Fett (Croatia) 6-2 6-1 Donna Vekic (Croatia) beat Julia Boserup (U.S.) 6-3 6-4
April 5 Panera Bread Co
* Panera Bread and JAB announce definitive merger agreement
* Panera Bread Co says in fiscal Q1 2017, company-owned comparable net bakery-cafe sales increased 5.3 percent compared to the same period in fiscal 2016
* Panera Bread says shareholders to receive $315 per share in cash in $7.5 billion transaction
* The transaction is not subject to a financing condition and is expected to close during the third quarter of 2017
* Panera Bread Co says JAB is acquiring Panera through JAB BV, an investment vehicle of JAB Consumer Fund and JAB Holding Company
* Panera Bread Co - Company-owned comparable net bakery-cafe sales in fiscal Q1'17 outperformed the black box all-industry composite by 690 basis points
* Panera Bread Co says following the close of the transaction, Panera will be privately held and continue to be operated independently
* Panera Bread Co - transaction valued at approximately $7.5 billion, including the assumption of approximately $340 million of net debt
* Panera Bread Co - CEO Ron Shaich has entered into a voting agreement
* Panera Bread Co-Voting agreement whereby CEO, entities affiliated with them have agreed to vote shares representing about 15.5 percent of co's voting power in deal's favor Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
March 29 B&G Foods Inc
* B&G Foods announces public offering of senior notes
* B&G Foods Inc - intention to offer $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2025
* B&G Foods Inc - intends to use proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings under b&g foods' revolving credit facility, among others Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Ovostar Union NV:
* FY 2016 net profit $22.2 million versus $31.0 million year ago
* FY 2016 revenue $77.7 million versus $75.6 million year ago
* FY 2016 EBITDA $24.1 million versus $34.8 million year ago
* FY 2016 egg production increased by 24 percent year on year to 1.48 billion eggs
* As at Dec. 31, 2016 total flock grew by 16 percent to 7.6 million hens, while laying hens flock increased by 22 percent and reached 6.5 million hens
* Sees that in 2017 export sales will generate over 35 percent of total revenue Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Topical wound agents are medical preparations used to treat dermatological injuries. Topical wound agents are mainly formulated into emulsions, creams, oils, spray and others. A wide variety of agents are used for the management of both acute and chronic wounds. Topical wound agents are mainly used for controlling inflammation, infection and pain. NSAIDs & Analgesics were used to treat inflammation & pain. However, wound healing is a complex progress and is affected by both intrinsic and extrinsic factors. Infection delays the healing process and increases the risk of infections. To control the infection, mainly disinfectants are used and they are active against disease-causing microorganisms and include antiseptics and antibiotics. Antiseptics are broad-spectrum antimicrobials used to treat intact skin or open wounds. Antibiotics are agents that kill or inhibit the growth of microorganisms and are used against specific cells (narrow broad spectrum). Antibiotics are more susceptible to bacterial resistance and require a continuous change in treatment regimen. Topical antibiotics are more advantageous than systemic antibiotics due to fewer side effects and limited dosage errors.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6893
Topical Wound Agents Market: Drivers and Restraints
Rising prevalence of chronic wounds across the world will promote the growth of the topical wound agents market. Chronic wounds have a significant impact on quality of life, can lead to functional impairments as well as huge economic burdens. According to Wound Australia, the prevalence of chronic wounds is estimated to be from 1.1% to 26.7% in the hospital setting and it is around 6% to 29% in community setting. The economic burden of wound treatment is also very high, for example, annual treatment of managing wounds in the NHS has been estimated to be Euro 5.3 Bn. To control prevalence and this economic burden, governments have initiated many actions plans for wound management. Along with government initiatives, growing awareness about wound infections among the general population is fuelling the growth of the topical wounds agents market. Apart from these, increasing healthcare funding and improving healthcare facilities will also support the burgeoning growth of topical wound agents market.
Rising antibiotics concerns and lack of epidemiological data will restrain the growth of the topical wound agents market.
Topical Wound Agents Market: Market Overview
The global topical wound agents market has witnessed robust growth due to rising prevalence of chronic wounds in all age groups. Topical wound agents market is a witness to the presence of many local players which hold a huge market share in the Topical Wound Agents Market. There are huge opportunities for the manufacturers due to the large number of patients suffering from both acute and chronic wounds. The key players in the topical wound agents market are mainly focused on R&D to accelerate the development of novel drugs to increase their market share. Improved accessibility to healthcare services along with increasing awareness in patient population is expected to boost the growth of the topical wound agents market in developing economies. The topical wound agents market is anticipated to grow with double digit CAGR during the forecast period.
Topical Wound Agents Market: Region-Wise Overview
The global topical wound agents market can be segmented into the following regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific Excluding China & Japan, China, Japan and the Middle East and Africa. North America is dominant in the Global Topical Wound Agents market, mainly due to high awareness among the patient population. In North America, particularly the USA will hold the dominant position, mainly due to the high penetration. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the Topical Wound Agents market to new heights. APAC & Latin America is the fastest growing region in topical wound agents market due to improved healthcare services. Growth in the Middle East and African region is considerably less when compared to the other regions. However, North America would maintain its position in the Topical Wound Agents market and it is anticipated that emerging economies, such India, China, Brazil & Mexico, will witness the highest growth rate in the Topical Wound Agents market.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6893
Topical Wound Agents Market: Key Participants
Some of the key participants in the Topical Wound Agents market include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Mylan N.V., AstraZeneca Plc. and others. Companies are focused on formulating new dosage forms to increase the adoption of topical wound agents.
ABUJA, April 5 The International Monetary Fund (IMF) warned Nigeria its economy needs urgent reform in a report published on Wednesday that highlighted the risks to growth for the recession-hit country and the dangers of a volatile foreign exchange market.
The document, a report from IMF staff which Reuters saw an earlier version of last month, outlines a raft of failings in Nigeria's handling of Africa's largest economy and could affect talks over at least $1.4 billion in international loans.
It strikes a more critical tone than the Fund's board adopted in a statement last week, though that also said Nigeria should lift its remaining foreign exchange restrictions and scrap its system of multiple exchange rates.
Nigeria fell into recession in 2016, its first in 25 years, largely due to the impact of low oil prices and militant attacks on energy facilities in the Niger Delta oil hub. Crude sales account for more than 90 percent of foreign exchange earnings and two-thirds of government revenue.
The country, whose economy contracted 1.5 percent last year, has also been plagued by a conflict with Boko Haram militants since 2009, creating a humanitarian crisis in the northeast which authorities are struggling to handle.
The Washington-based fund's analysis came on the same day that Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari held a launch ceremony for a flagship economic recovery plan.
But the IMF said the plan, criticised by economists for including few concrete measures, is not enough to drag Africa's biggest economy out of recession.
If Nigeria's economy is to recover, "much more needs to be done", the IMF said in the staff report.
It also urged the major oil producer to introduce immediate changes to its exchange rate policy - characterised by central bank curbs, multiple exchange rates and an artificially high naira valuation - or risk "a disorderly exchange rate depreciation".
The presidency, budget and planning ministry, finance ministry and central bank did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The Fund said the Nigerian authorities were concerned about the IMF staff report's view.
Nigerian authorities had said further measures were under way which included the implementation of a more flexible foreign exchange market and "maintaining tight monetary policy to underpin price stability", according to the IMF report.
Nigeria has not asked the Fund for fiscal support but its recommendations may influence institutional lenders ahead of the annual spring meetings with the World Bank.
The World Bank has been in talks with Nigeria for more than a year over an application for a loan of at least $1 billion and the African Development Bank has $400 million on offer. But talks have stalled over economic reforms. (Reporting by Paul Carsten in Abuja and Alexis Akwagyiram in Lagos; Editing by Alison Williams)
FULL SPEED: Chris Rose races down the wing for Central Queensland at Salter Oval last year.
FULL SPEED: Chris Rose races down the wing for Central Queensland at Salter Oval last year. Paul Donaldson BUN030617RUGUN12
"HE'S out and ready to play.”
Wide Bay Whales coach Luke McCloskey said they had no hesitation putting Chris Rose into their representative rugby union side.
Rose was named in the Whales 30-man squad on Sunday for upcoming matches against Rockhampton next month, which leads to a Central Queensland squad being selected for the Queensland Country championships in Townsville.
The selection comes after Rose was released late last week on supervised parole from jail after assaulting their ex-girlfriend in what the judge described as a vicious attack on Boxing Day in 2016 that could have killed them
The Turtles Brothers player was sentenced to three years in jail in September last year.
Now Rose has been released, McCloskey believes they should be able to come back to the sporting arena.
"Everyone deserves a second chance,” they said.
"He's human just like you and me and he's learnt a lesson the hard way.”
Footballers and domestic violence have been in the headlines recently after the Brisbane Broncos came under fire for adding the controversial Matt Lodge to their playing roster.
McCloskey said Rose was also picked on merit.
The 24-year-old was part of the Wide Bay Whales last year and also played for Central Queensland at the Country titles in Bundaberg.
"He was the highest try scorer for CQ,” McCloskey said.
"At the end of the day he's a wonderful player. He's proved that they deserve a spot and has been selected based on their football.”
Rose is part of a squad that features all players from Bundaberg's Spring Cup competition.
There are no players from the Fraser Coast Mariners as they have Outback Stockman's commitments.
The Wide Bay Whales start training tomorrow at 6.30pm ahead of two games against Rockhampton on April 14 and 21.
The NewsMail contacted Chris Rose for comment but they didn't respond.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
BRIEF-Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P. acthar gel
* Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P. Acthar® gel (repository corticotropin injection) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray on Friday and discussed security and migration, Mexico's government said.
After the 20-minute meeting, they were joined by Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, said Steve Goldstein, U.S. undersecretary of state for public diplomacy and public affairs. They said more information would be available later.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Mexico is trying to prove itself a good U.S. ally in hopes of getting a favourable outcome from renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and the United States.
Tillerson, Videgaray and Freeland are expected to hold a news conference in Mexico City on Friday afternoon. Tillerson is also due to meet with President Enrique Pena Nieto.
Related Coverage Tillerson warns Mexico to watch Russian election meddling
In early March, this three-bedroom home at 1927 N. Raymond St., off West Fairview Avenue was one of only two Boise single-family homes listed for sale for less than $200,000. The soaring price of for-sale and rental housing in the Treasure Valley has become a major concern for residents and the elected officials who represent them. John Sowell jsowell@IdahoStatesman.com
WHETHER or not Cataluña needs independence splits the region down the middle.
But, apart from secessionist politicians who forget that they were elected to run the region, Cataluña does need a government.
And to form a government it first needed a regional president and now five months after the inconclusive December elections, it's got one in the pudgily amorphous shape - he's no looker - of Quim Torra.
It took five tries. A long-distance virtual reality investiture for no-show self-exiled former president Carles Puigdemont was reluctantly called off.
Jordi Sanchez tried twice but was another no-show too as they were still remanded for rebellion and sedition.
The secessionists fared no better with Jordi Turull who failed to get enough votes on the first round and was remanded, again for rebellion and sedition, before the second.
So Quim Torra, former president of Omnium Cultural, is what had to be scraped from the bottom of the barrel.
Virulently anti-Spanish, violently pro-independence and very much Puigdemont's man, they promised to ‘construct a republic under Carles Puigdemont.'
And for the 50 per cent of Catalans who do not support independence, Torra makes Article 155 and no president the better option.
Sticks and stones
CATALUÑA's latest regional president, stand-in for Carles Puigdemont who continues reigning from Brussels, Berlin or wherever they happen to be at any particular moment so long as it isn't Cataluña or Spain, has apologised for all the nasty things they once said about the Spanish.
These include tweets written some years ago and now deleted which claimed that Cataluña has been occupied by the Spanish since 1714 and that the Spanish, who know only how to plunder, are undemocratic, dirty, dishonest and rude.
Torra's apology was expedient but redundant. The fact that they intend to restore the breakaway laws passed last September and declare the republic as soon as Puigdemont gives them the nod is tacit confirmation that they meant every word of the insults.
Puppet on a string
IT is no secret that Carles Puigdemont has handpicked Quim Torra to do their bidding and that the former president expects to call the shots.
Puigdemont has even asked Torra not to use their old office in Sant Jaume Palace, accentuating the temporary nature of the new president's position.
At least that's how Puigdemont sees it, although they should cast their mind back to January 2016.
That was when CiU, still headed by Artur Mas, failed to obtain an overall majority in the early election called in September 2015. They needed the support of the anti-system CUP party which refused to play ball unless Mas, whom they regarded as unacceptable as well as corrupt, stepped down.
Mas reluctantly complied, naming Puigdemont, then mayor of Girona, as their successor. They assumed that Puigdemont would be easily influenced and that they could continue as president in all but name.
And we all know how that turned out, ending up with last year's October 27 UDI, a step that wily Mas would never have taken.
Better keep an eye on Torra, Puigdemont: history has a habit of repeating itself.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Inside edge
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn's oil refining company, CVR Energy, made a massive bet last year that prices for U.S. government biofuels credits would fall - just before Icahn became an 'unpaid adviser' to President Trump. The strategy looked prescient at the time, but it now seems like Icahn's might have had an inside edge.
here
Not good enough
Sourcess tell Reuters that U.S. media group Meredith Corp has made a preliminary acquisition offer to Time Inc that fell short of the price expectations of the publisher of Sports Illustrated and Fortune magazines.
here
here
Trump: Dodd-Frank might be replaced by 'something else'
President Trump reassured a group of chief executives on Tuesday that the Wall Street reform law known as Dodd-Frank will be revamped. The rules, Trump said, might be eliminated and replaced with "something else"
here
Even as United Airlines sparked outrage at its handling of a passenger on an overbooked flight, U.S. airline carriers are bumping passengers off flights at the lowest rate since 1995, according to a Reuters analysis.
May 3 Livanova Plc
* LivaNova acquires Caisson Interventional, LLC
* Says acquisition will be dilutive to earnings for several years
* Says 2017 guidance will be updated to include estimated impact of acquisition during LivaNova's Q1 earnings
* Says has agreed to pay up to $72 million, net of $6 million of debt forgiveness, to acquire remaining 51 percent of company
* Says "LivaNova fully anticipates this transaction will meet all long-term financial metrics and internal standards"
* Says first payment of $18 million was made at closing with balance paid on schedule driven primarily by regulatory approvals and sales earn outs
* 2017 guidance will be updated to include estimated impact of acquisition during LivaNova's Q1 earnings call
* Expects to recognize a pre-tax non-cash gain during Q2 on $15 million book value of its existing investment in Caisson Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
BARCELONA Real Madrid can take a giant step towards a first La Liga title in five years when they host champions Barcelona on Sunday, looking to extend their lead over their arch rivals at the top of the table to six points with a game in hand.
Here are five games between Spain's biggest two teams which determined the destination of the title.
Barcelona 3-1 Real Madrid, March 1960
European conquerors Real were in a strong position to wrestle the domestic title back from Barça when they visited the Nou Camp with a two-point lead. Alfredo di Stefano's second half equaliser looked to have preserved their advantage but Eulogio Martinez and Ramon Villaverde immediately scored in the space of two minutes to pull the two sides level on points, putting Barça top on goal difference. They preserved their slender lead in the remaining games to defend the title.
Real Madrid 0-1 Barcelona, May 1994
Madrid were out of the running when they hosted their rivals in the penultimate game of the season, but were hoping to kill off Barça's slim hopes of catching leaders Deportivo La Coruna. A late strike from Guillermo Amor stunned the Santiago Bernabeu into silence and took the title race to the final day, when Barça eased to victory over Sevilla and Deportivo drew with Valencia after missing a penalty, handing a fourth consecutive league triumph to Johan Cruyff's side.
Real Madrid 2-6 Barcelona, May 2009
After a chaotic first half of the season under beleaguered coach Bernd Schuster, Real staged a remarkable recovery under caretaker Juande Ramos, winning 17 out of 18 games. Victory at the Bernabeu would have cut a seemingly insurmountable deficit with Barcelona to just one point, but Pep Guardiola was merely biding their time to make their mark as a coach. Midway through the first half they shifted Lionel Messi into the "false nine" role and watched their side blitz their arch rivals to race towards the league title.
Real Madrid 0-2 Barcelona, April 2010
Barça's historic treble the previous year prompted a spending spree from Real Madrid's returning president Florentino Perez, who splashed over 200 million euros in one summer on Cristiano Ronaldo, Kaka, Xabi Alonso and Karim Benzema to try and shoot down the soaring Catalans. The title race was delicately poised going into the 'Clasico' with the two teams level on points but Barça again emerged victorious from the Bernabeu, striding towards the title with goals from academy success stories Messi and Pedro, leaving the press to gleefully declare the 'cantera'(academy) had triumphed over Real's 'cartera' (wallet).
Barcelona 1-2 Real Madrid, April 2012
Real had employed three different coaches to try to end Barça's domestic hegemony under Guardiola and finally completed the task under the Catalan's ideological opposite Jose Mourinho, who led the team to a record breaking total of 100 points. They effectively sealed their title with a late winner by Cristiano Ronaldo, who celebrated by mischievously gesturing the 99,000 Barcelona supporters inside the Nou Camp to calm down.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Toby Davis)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
End
-- Jack Broome, President and COO of PermaTreat Pest Control in Virginia proudly announces the promotion of three exceptional employees.Chris Barker has been promoted to Branch Manager of our Richmond and Tappahannock locations. Chris started out as a sales person in our Fredericksburg Branch in February 2008 and quickly moved up the ranks to Sales Manager leading a team of 15 strong. Their knowledge and exceptional skills will be an asset in the growth of the Richmond Sales Team.Josh Pierce has been promoted to Sales Manager of the Fredericksburg location. Josh started their career with PermaTreat's sales team in October 2013 and their professionalism with our customers along with their team building skills fsbdt will be a great asset to the growth of the Fredericksburg Sales Team.Nick Castaldo has been promoted to Branch Manager of our largest location in Fredericksburg. Nick started their career with Permatreat in January 2004 as a manager/trainee in sales and has moved through the ranks to which included managing PermaTreat's second largest location which is in the Richmond area.PermaTreat opened it's door for business in the Fredericksburg area in January 1967 with only 4 employees. Today, we have 9 branch locations throughout Virginia and over 120 employees.http://permatreat.com/locations/richmond-branch/
March 31 Nicox SA:
* Cash, cash equivalents and financial instruments of 28.9 million euros as of December 31, 2016, compared to 29.7 million euros on December 31, 2015.
* Group recorded a net loss from continued operations of 6.7 million euros as of December 2016, compared to a net loss of 19.8 million euros at same date in 2015
* FY revenue 16,000 euros versus 67,000 euros year ago
* FY operating loss of 1.8 million euros versus loss of 20.7 million euros year ago
* FY net loss of 19.0 million euros versus loss of 27.9 million euros year ago
* H2 2017: expected launch of Vyzulta (TM)in the United States by Bausch + Lomb, subject to FDA approval
* Q3 2017: potential U.S. FDA approval of ZERVIATE NDA
* Q4 2017: start of Phase 2 clinical study for NCX 4251
* Q1 2018: start of Phase 2 clinical study for NCX 470 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
LAVAL, Quebec May 2 Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc, weighed down by debt from years of acquisitions, is on pace to meeting its target of repaying $5 billion in debt between August, 2016 and February, 2018, Chief Executive Joe Papa told shareholders on Tuesday.
Repayment is expected to come from asset sale proceeds and free cash flow, and the company has earlier announced sales that will generate up-front proceeds of $2.35 billion. (Reporting by Allison Lampert in Laval, Quebec; writing and additional reporting by Rod Nickel in Winnipeg, Manitoba; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
North Augusta, SC (WJBF)- One woman is dead following a two- car accident in North Augusta Friday evening.
It happened off off Johnson Road and Highway 25 around 7 p.m.
The Aiken County Coroner identifies the deceased as 26-year-old Ashleigh Hamilton-Mitchell from Harlem, Ga.
Other people were injured in the accident, but we don't know their conditions.
Hamilton-Mitchell was a passenger, but the coroner tells us they were not wearing their seat belt.
Investigators are still working to determine the cause of the crash.
Stay with NewsChannel 6 as we learn more about their developing situation.
DENVER, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Pop star Taylor Swift on Friday won a preliminary round in a federal court trial stemming from their allegation that they were groped by a Colorado disc jockey, as the judge dismissed the DJ's rival claim accusing the singer of wrongfully getting them fired.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left intact Swift's assault and battery countersuit against David Mueller, who had asserted they were falsely accused by the recording star and ousted from their $150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM under pressure from them (Reporting by Keith Coffman in Denver; Writing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Sandra Maler)
A popular park is to open seven days a week so families can continue to enjoy the sunny weather there.
Wellingborough's Splash Park next to the River Nene at The Embankment is usually open during the school holidays.
But due to the soaring temperatures, Wellingborough Norse managed to re-schedule its diary so staff were available to open the popular attraction for three days last week.
Wellingborough Council has since announced that the water park will now be open every day of the week as the hot spell goes on.
A message on the council website says: “Splash Park is now open seven days a week until further notice.
“The Splash Park will be open between 12pm and 6.30pm every day from now until further notice.”
However, the council is urging people to keep checking the website for further updates on opening hours should the weather change.
Speaking to the Northants Telegraph last week, council leader Martin Griffiths said they were delighted that families would be able to have fun at the town's Splash Park while the weather is so nice.
And they added: “We have listened to public demand, it's a well-loved facility and we know how popular it is.”
Splash Park is free and as well as the main water feature, there are picnic tables, a shelter and regular food and ice cream vans.
There is free car parking, toilets and baby changing facilities.
For more details about the Splash Park, click here
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Severed feet encased in trainers have been mysteriously washing up along the coast of the Salish Sea between Canada and the US for the past decade, generating countless theories but no definitive answers.
Now the phenomenon is back in the headlines with the discovery of yet another disembodied foot — the 18th since 2007.
A man walking their dog made the lastest grisly found in British Columbia on December 8, according to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP).
The pair were strolling on a beach in Jordan River, 30km northwest of Sooke on Vancouver Island when the animal came across the foot, with part of the leg still attached, inside a trainer, an RCMP spokesperson said.
Advertisement
They called authorities, who sealed off the area and sent a coroner to seize the limb while a search was carried out, unsuccessfully, for the rest of the body.
British Columbia Coroners Services spokesperson Andy Watson said a preliminary analysis indicated the remains were human.
There have been so many cases of pranksters stuffing trainers with animal remains like chicken bones over the years that authorities no longer make the obvious assumption.
The coroner will now work to determine the identity of the deceased, how the person died and whether it was accidental, a suicide or homicide, Watson told The Star.
The first severed foot was found on August 20, 2007. It was a right foot, size 12, encased in a shoe made in India. Authorities were able to link the foot to a male who suffered from depression, concluding they most likely committed suicide in or near water.
Of the 18 feet and shoes found, only two have been matched together.
On February 7 last year a hiker found a running shoe that contained a human foot in a sock at Botanical Beach near Port Renfrew. Five days later, a beachcomber found a second running shoe and contacted authorities.
The Coroners Service confirmed they belonged to the same person, but that person's identity is still not known.
The shoes were men's New Balance runners, size 12 and blue and black. This type of shoe was first sold in North America in March, 2013, which suggest the shoes' owner died at some point between March, 2013 and December, 2015, according to the Global News.
The Coroners Service has been able to identify eight feet that have washed up locally, linking them to six people. They do not believe any of the cases involved foul play. More likely the victims died from accidents or suicide.
That hasn't stopped people's imaginations running wild with grim theories about serial killers chopping up bodies.
"Some people do think [that]. Sad but true," BC coroner Barbara McLintock told Buzzfeed Canada last year.
"A lot of this is simply the quelling of the public imagination, to say 'No, this is unfortunate and they're all very sad cases'."
Forensic expert Gail Anderson said there was a simple reason why all of the cases involved trainers, not stilettos or sandals.
Air pockets inside the trainers make them buoyant, they said.
"It's basically a flotation device, so it's going to hold it all together and get it washed ashore," they said.
No foul play is suspected in any of the cases, and nothing has suggested otherwise.
SINGAPORE, March 29 Jiangxi Copper Co Ltd , China's biggest integrated copper producer, posted on Wednesday its first rise in annual net profit in five years, helped by cost controls and higher metal prices.
Jiangxi Copper's net profit rose 23.6 percent to 787.5 million yuan ($114.34 million) in 2016, it said in a filing to the Shanghai stock exchange. The last time the producer recorded a net profit rise was in 2011, according to company data on Eikon.
"Even though non-ferrous metal prices were increasing steadily, there were still challenges in the market," Jiangxi Copper said. "However, we implemented a series of effective measures to resolve the issues to achieve our operational targets."
China's non-ferrous metals producers have been reporting better financial results in 2016, helped by recovering global prices, which rose by around 18 percent during the year, and the country's increase in infrastructure building.
This week, Yunnan Copper Co Ltd posted a 683.8 percent rise in 2016 net profit, mainly helped by cost cuts and increasing output.
($1 = 6.8875 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Lee Chyen Yee in Singapore and Twinnie Siu in Hong Kong; Editing by Mark Potter)
When the New York Yankees' Aaron Judge dispatched a ball 496 feet for their 20th home run of the season at Yankee Stadium last Sunday, radio commentator John Sterling reacted with what is now their signature call.
“It is high, it is far, it is gone,” they boomed. “Aaron – your judge and jury! All rise! Here comes the judge!”
Hackneyed and obvious but fans relish every single syllable so much that two different local radio stations replayed the audio several times come Monday morning. As a measure of the giddy mood in the city just now, it's as good as any.
The Yankees were never supposed to be in first place in the American League East in early June or being talked about as having burgeoning World Series credentials. That they are in this lofty position almost halfway through the campaign is, some would argue, down to the outsized impact of Judge, a 6ft 7in 20-stone behemoth, in their first full year in the majors.
Following the most fecund 10-week spell of any rookie in the history of the sport, the right-fielder leads the league in home runs, batting average, runs batted in, and jaw-dropping cameos.
It's not just the gaudy statistics the 25-year-old has put up, it's the manner in which he's done so. Last Saturday, a speed gun calculated the ball left their bat in one instance at 121 mph, the hardest hit since measuring began.
Twenty-four hours later, they followed up their 496-feet monster by somehow drilling a line drive over the fence. Little wonder that before their first at-bat at every home game, the Yankee Stadium Jumbotron flashes up an image of a gavel and the words “All Rise”. Their name, like their backstory, lends itself to the easy burnishing of a legend.
Adopted at two days old by a couple who reared them in Linden, California, a rural town so small and idyllic that every profile of them mentions it has no traffic lights, they have become prince of the city yet so far has eschewed all royal accoutrements or airs.
Unsure of how long he'd even last in the majors this season, they chose to live in a hotel in Times Square rather than renting an apartment, a detail that speaks to the kind of “aw shucks” humility befitting somebody who professes to be a devout Christian.
Charmed life
“I'm blessed,” said Judge of their charmed life. “I feel they [my parents] kind of picked me. I feel that God was the one that matched us together.”
That he's managing to keep their feet on the ground hasn't stopped everybody around them from getting into a tizzy. Nowhere does hype and hoopla like New York and with every preternatural swing of their bat the coverage grows increasingly hysterical.
It couldn't go any other way because the brighter the spotlight becomes the more they deliver. Conveniently ignoring that this is a sport where players notoriously tend to blow hot and cold, and 10 weeks doesn't exactly represent a huge sample, there is already speculation about whether they can chase down Roger Maris's 56-year old record of 61 home runs in a Yankee season.
In any other modern sport, not least one with baseball's sordid recent past, the sight of a muscle-bound newcomer ripping up the record book with such disdain might prompt some suspicion. The word steroids could even be mentioned, especially given that they added 30lbs of muscle to their frame since being drafted in 2013. Not to mention either that this time last year there were legitimate doubts about whether Judge had the right stuff to even make the jump from Triple A minor ball, where they often struggled, to the big leagues.
Although they homered on their first plate appearance at Yankee Stadium following their call-up to the majors late last summer, they managed just three more long balls in their next 94 plate appearances.
Hardly the stuff of future legends. Indeed, they offered so little in that window that they were actually offered as trade bait to other teams by the Yankees over the winter. Against that unpromising background, it seems kind of remiss not to wonder about the pace of their transformation.
Improved mechanics
The absence of any serious drug debate at all seems to be down to their size (the biggest physical mass of any position player ever) and the nature of their character (he tweets about Jesus!). No, seriously. That's what baseball aficionados, a curious demographic combining the myopia of Sky cycling devotees with the credulity of the Mo Farah fan club, will vouchsafe.
At a push, they will explain their sudden improvement is simply down to improved mechanics in their swing. They might bolster this by saying the ballparks are also smaller these days, and some believe the balls have more spring in them.
The utter lack of interest in seeking an, ahem, more scientific explanation isn't surprising. Many of those watching on television, sitting in the bleachers or cheerleading in the media don't care a jot about performance-enhancing drugs. Never really have. Never really will.
As long as balls are leaving the park, they don't mind what assistance, legal or otherwise, players are getting. To them, sport is just another branch of the entertainment industry and Judge is merely offering a fresh blockbuster just about every time they come up to bat. So pass the popcorn.
NAIROBI At least 14 people were killed in the South Sudanese town of Raga when fighting erupted between government forces and the main rebel group, a rebel spokesperson said on Saturday, within a week of violence in neighbouring Wau state that killed 16.
The rebels, the main force fighting the government in the famine-hit nation's civil war, had briefly occupied the northwestern town, near the border with Sudan and Central African Republic, before withdrawing to nearby bases to prepare for a counter-attack.
"For the last two days the government bombed our areas around Raga and yesterday our forces decided to go and raid Raga," opposition spokesperson Lam Paul Gabriel Lam said by phone.
“Around 14 people were counted killed but many are injured ... we had one soldier killed with some injuries," they told Reuters.
The government's military spokesperson, Santo Domic Chol, said “I'm right now in Raga and will talk to you later."
Oil-rich South Sudan has been riven by violence since 2013, when President Salva Kiir, a Dinka, fired their Nuer deputy Riek Machar. The political showdown quickly split along ethnic lines and has drawn many tribes into a complex patchwork of conflict.
On Monday, at least 16 people were killed in Wau, 200 miles (300 km) from Raga, when government soldiers sealed off roads and allied militias went door-to-door hunting members of ethnic minorities.
The United Nations said 13,500 people had since fled to a U.N.-protected camp in Wau and 3,000 to other locations.
The U.N., which has a large peacekeeping force in the East African nation, confirmed the latest outbreak of violence.
"Fresh fighting has broken out between government SPLA and opposition forces in a number of locations including Raga in the west of South Sudan, Waat in Jonglei to the east and in the area of Wunkur and Tonga in the northern Upper Nile region," it said in a statement.
In February, the U.N. declared parts of South Sudan were suffering from famine, the world's first famine for six years.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
LISBON, April 10 Portugal's grid operator REN expects considerable savings from the purchase of the natural gas distribution network from EDP Energias de Portugal and sees no impact on its dividend payouts or credit rating, REN said on Monday.
REN shares fell over 5 percent on Monday after the companies announced the 532 million euro ($563 million) deal late on Friday. Some analysts see the price as high and note REN could become more leveraged as it will issue debt as well as raising 250 million euros via a rights issue.
"This is a thought out decision, absolutely in line with our strategic framework, including the goal to maintain the credit rating as well as the dividend policy," CEO Rodrigo Costa told a conference call with analysts.
"It will bring us growth in a low risk environment," they said.
REN pays 0.171 euros a share in dividends a year. Its credit ratings assigned by the three major agencies - Moody's, Fitch and S&P - are at the low end of investment grade, between one and two notches above Portugal's sovereign rating.
Chief Financial Officer Goncalo Soares said there would be gains from joining REN's operations to those of EDP Gas in terms of supply and distribution contracts as well as personnel.
"Synergies will be considerable in terms of value, although it is a bit early to give a number, they said.
The transaction increases REN's regulated assets by 13 percent.
($1 = 0.9454 euros) (Reporting by Daniel Alvarenga, Writing by Andrei Khalip; Editing by Mark Potter)
BERLIN Germany on Thursday pushed back against U.S. criticism of its trade surplus, saying ahead of global finance talks in Washington that nobody could blame Berlin for the competitiveness of 'Made in Germany' products.
Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said the government had only limited influence on trade flows, and the surplus - which data shows hit a record 252 billion euros ($271 billion) in 2016 - was linked to factors beyond its control such as the oil price and euro exchange rate.
"Our companies produce high-quality machines and equipment that customers abroad like to buy. We do not have to apologize for this," they told mass-selling Bild newspaper.
They pointed to political efforts, such as the introduction of a national minimum wage, tax cuts and increased investment activity to boost domestic demand and imports, as ways of reducing the trade gap.
In a U.S. Treasury currency report on Friday, the Trump administration backed away from naming any major trading partner as a currency manipulator, but kept Germany and five others under scrutiny over their foreign exchange and economic policies.
Germany's wider current account surplus, which measures the flow of goods, services and investments, swelled to an all-time high of 261.4 billion euros last year, Bundesbank data shows.
In terms of overall economic output, however, it shrank to 8.3 percent in 2016 from 8.6 percent in 2015, and the government expects a further drop to around 7 percent next year.
In a position paper drawn up ahead of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank talks in Washington, Berlin argues that the current account surplus is a consequence of market-based corporate decisions.
World finance leaders gathering on Trump's home turf on Thursday are expected to try to nudge their still-evolving policies away from protectionism and to show broad support for open trade and global integration.
The IMF in particular has sounded warnings against Trump's plans to shrink U.S. trade deficits with potential measures to restrict imports, arguing in its latest economic forecasts that protectionist policies would crimp global growth that is starting to gain traction.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; editing by John Stonestreet)
David Howman talks to reporters at the WADA symposium in Lausanne, Switzerland, March 14, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
AARHUS, Denmark Former senior World Anti-Doping Agency official David Howman was appointed on Wednesday as head of the newly established Athletics Integrity Unit to battle doping and corruption amid a drop in the sport's popularity.
International athletics federation (IAAF) President Seb Coe said Howman, a lawyer who was director general at WADA for 13 years until 2016, was the perfect choice to chair the AIU.
The AIU takes over from the IAAF's former anti-doping department and will manage testing, intelligence gathering and investigations among other things.
It will also address issues of bribery, corruption, betting and the manipulation of competition results in athletics, the flagship sport of the Olympics.
"The AIU is all about the athlete. It is our responsibility to create the right framework for everyone to succeed," Coe said.
"I am therefore delighted that we have attracted someone of the calibre and experience of David Howman as chairperson, as we set out to create a place where athletes can understand the rules and gain knowledge, confidence and experience."
Coe is hoping to reform the IAAF following the departure of their predecessor Lamine Diack in 2015, who is the subject of an ongoing French investigation into corruption and embezzlement.
They passed sweeping reforms late last year, including the establishment of the AIU.
"I want athletics to be on every observable metric a top four sport in the next four years," Coe, a former Olympic track and field champion, said at an international sports convention.
The IAAF still has many unresolved issues, however, and has triggered the wrath of Russia after it banned its athletics team from competing at last year's Rio de Janeiro Olympics over the country's huge doping scandal.
The Russians are also likely to miss the world athletics championships in London in August.
IAAF Council member Frank Fredericks stepped aside in March pending the results of an ethics investigation looking into allegations of payments they received from a now-banned athletics official before the 2016 Olympics was awarded to Rio de Janeiro.
Asked whether they expected more scandals to hit their sport, Coe said: "I honestly don't know."
"The sport is significantly more resilient than it was a year ago," they said. "Whatever challenges we are confronted with we have to have systems in place so that we can deal with them."
The IAAF said this week it had suffered a cyberattack by suspected Russian hackers who had targeted information concerning applications by athletes for Therapeutic Use Exemptions.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
NEW DELHI Surprise I-League winners Aizawl FC have threatened to "fast unto death" after finding themselves in the bizarre position of staring at relegation next season despite winning India's top division title on Sunday.
Based in India's northeast state of Mizoram, Aizawl pulled off a massive surprise when they upstaged century-old powerhouses Mohun Bagan and East Bengal to win their first I-League title in only their second season in the top flight.
Of late, India's national league has been steadily losing ground to the franchise-based India Super League (ISL), which is promoted by billionaire Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Industries and Rupert Murdoch's Star India TV.
The India Football Federation (AIFF) plans to retain all eight ISL teams and add a handful from the I-League in a merged, expanded league and Aizawl, a club with a modest budget and a passionate fan following, are unlikely to make the cut.
"Aizawl FC has submitted its formal claim to AIFF to continue in the top league even after proposed merger of the existing top league with ISL," the club said in a statement.
Aizawl would approach the prime minister and the Asian Football Confederation if the club did not get a "positive response" from the AIFF, they said.
"If all these steps fail, the club ... will resort to worldwide protests, sitting demonstrations near AFC/FIFA offices, picketing of AIFF Office, mass hunger strike/fast unto death protests," the club added.
AIFF secretary Kushal Das did not take call from Reuters, but they told the newspaper DNA that Aizawl may have to play in the second division in the new league next season.
"Look, even if Aizawl FC do not play in the country's top league, it doesn't mean that the road ends for them," Das said.
"They can still play in the second division, and continue to grow their club there. We will show even the second division matches live on television, and not just the top league. So, Aizawl FC need not lose heart even if they are not part of the league," Das added.
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi, editing by Larry King)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Transalta Corp:
* TRANSALTA ANNOUNCES EARLY REDEMPTION OF SENIOR NOTES DUE 2018
* TRANSALTA CORP - ‍CALLED FOR REDEMPTION OF ITS OUTSTANDING US$500 MILLION 6.65% SENIOR NOTES MATURING MAY 15, 2018​
* TRANSALTA CORP - SENIOR NOTES WILL BE REDEEMED ON MARCH 15, 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
April 20 Republic First Bancorp Inc-
* Republic First Bancorp Inc reports first quarter financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.03
* Q1 revenue rose 35 percent to $20.5 million
* Republic First Bancorp Inc - book value per common share increased to $3.84 as of March 31, 2017 compared to $3.08 as of March 31, 2016
* Republic First Bancorp Inc qtrly net interest income $14.2 million versus $11.3 million last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Merrimack declares $140 mln special dividend in connection with recently completed asset sale
* Merrimack Pharmaceuticals - special dividend will be paid from proceeds of company's asset sale to Ipsen S.A., which was completed on April 3, 2017
* Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc - special dividend will be approximately $1.06 per common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Weekly jobless claims rise to 244,000 vs. est. 242,000
* Philip Morris, Verizon fall after quarterly results
* American Express up on profit beat
* Investors eye first round of French election this Sunday
* Futures up: Dow 36 pts, S&P 6.25 pts, Nasdaq 19.75 pts (Adds details, comment, updates prices)
By Tanya Agrawal
April 20 Wall Street looked set to open higher on Thursday, helped by a rebound in oil prices and increased optimism around the first-quarter earnings season.
Oil prices regained some ground, after steep losses in the previous session, as leading producers signaled a likely extension of OPEC-led supply cuts beyond the middle of the year.
"We're looking at a higher opening, helped by a rebound in oil prices," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York.
"We've had some strong earnings with more positive surprises than negative, but the overall market trend remains negative because of geopolitical concerns."
With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on their pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will be strong enough to justify lofty market valuations.
Of the 57 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported earnings through Wednesday morning, about 75 percent have topped expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters.
Overall, profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.8 percent in the quarter, the best since 2011.
Key companies scheduled to report results on Thursday include Dow component and toymaker Mattel.
However, mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States and the looming French presidential elections are keeping investors away from making risky bets.
A closely watched poll showed Centrist Emmanuel Macron hung on to their lead as favorite to win France's presidential election in a four-way race that is too close to call.
Dow e-minis were up 36 points, or 0.18 percent, with 26,966 contracts changing hands at 8:17 a.m. ET (1217 GMT).
S&P 500 e-minis were up 6.25 points, or 0.27 percent, with 128,500 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 19.75 points, or 0.37 percent, on volume of 22,993 contracts.
Shares of Philip Morris fell 5 percent to $110.20 in premarket trading after the tobacco maker's first-quarter profit forecast came in below estimates.
Verizon Communications was down 2.3 percent at $47.81 as the No. 1 U.S. wireless carrier reported a 20 percent fall in quarterly profit.
Qualcomm rose 2.2 percent to $53.75 after the largest maker of chips used in smartphones, reported quarterly revenue and profit that beat analysts' estimates.
American Express was up 2.4 percent at $77.39 after the company's first-quarter profit fell less than expected .
New applications for U.S. jobless benefits rose slightly more than expected last week, but the number of Americans on unemployment rolls dropped to a 17-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market.
Initial jobless claims increased to 244,000, above the 242,000 rises expected. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
March 28 Factset Research Systems Inc
* Factset reports solid revenue and earnings growth in second quarter 2017
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $1.81
* Q2 earnings per share $1.68
* Q2 revenue rose 4.5 percent to $294.4 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $1.80 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says Q3 GAAP revenues are expected to be in range of $301 million and $307 million
* Says GAAP operating margin is expected to be in range of 30.0 pct and 31.0 pct in Q3
* Says GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in range of $1.68 and $1.74 in Q3
* Says adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in range of $1.80 and $1.86 in Q3
* Q3 earnings per share view $1.84, revenue view $301.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
According to a new market research report published by Inkwood Research, The Global medical robotics market is estimated to develop from $4998 million in 2017 to $ 24365 million by 2024, at a CAGR of 22.1% and the forecast year is 2017-2024
Contact
Clive Cooper
***@inkwoodresearch.com Clive Cooper
End
-- Browse 22 market data Tables and 36 Figures spread through 198 Pages and in-depth TOC on "The Global Medical Robotics Market Forecast 2017-2025"Demand for robot-assisted surgeries around the globe made the growth of the medical robotic market. The growth and increase of expenditure in health care are expected to be the key factor in the growth of medical robots. The popularity of minimally intrusive surgery, diseases caused due to the lifestyle of public and huge investment in robotic technology are some of the factors driving the growth of medical robotics market. Whereas the expertise required in robotics surgery and the concern of difference between robotic machines and human beings and huge expenses are the main restraints of this market.The global medical robotics market report provides competitive landscapes, market drivers, trends, restraints, opportunities and challenges in this market. The report estimates the current size and the future growth potential of the market across diverse applications, technologies, verticals, types, and regions.Read full insights and download sample report at https://www.inkwoodresearch.com/ reports/global- medical-ro... While performing an open surgery the potential of surgeons can be developed with the help of surgical robots. Control and flexibility are the major advantages of the robot-assisted surgeries. NeuroArm, Zeus Robotic Surgical System, Da Vinci Surgical System and the MAKOplasty are the various type of surgical robots. Medical robotics market is mainly driven by surgical robots and Noninvasive radiosurgery robots. Non-Invasive Radiosurgery robot market is the second largest market. It is used to reduce radiation excision and also helps in elimination of open surgery. These kinds of surgeries are preferred by patients because this kind of surgery doesn't require healing period or it will not develop any infection.Increased investment in health care and the need for accurate and clear process and rise in the standard of living of the people are the major driving force in this market. The laparoscopic market has the largest market share which is expected to grow at a CAGR of 21%.This market is an important market for global medical robots. Heavy cost and many injuries and accidents are some challenges faced by this market.North America is the largest market in the world for medical robotics. It holds around 40% of market share. Applications like surgical, pharmacy and hospital robots are the main reason for the growth of the robotic market in this region. Asia Pacific is also expected to grow in the medical robotics market after North America. India and China drive the medical robotic market in this region. Germany is considered as the largest medical technology market.The major players in the global medical robotics market covered in the report include CareFusion, Agilent Technologies, Abbot Diagnostic, Aesyntinc, Rewalk Robotics, Kerby lester, Irobot Corporation, Biotek Instruments, Aurora Biomed, Intuitive Surgical, Mazor Robotics, Hocoma Ag and Hansen Medical INCThe outlook of the report additionally comprises of mergers and acquisitions, strategies, product portfolios, agreements, partnerships and collaborations amongst the key players.Inkwood Research specializes in syndicated & customized research reports and consulting services. Market intelligence studies with relevant fact-based research are customized across industry verticals including technology, automotive, chemicals, materials, healthcare, and energy with objective comprehension acknowledging the business environments. Our geographical analysis comprises of North & South America, CEE, CIS, Middle East, Europe, Asia, and Africa.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — A female employee who was sexually assaulted by a co-worker aboard a luxury yacht in Florida has been awarded more than $70 million in damages by a jury.
Court documents show the Broward County jury reached its verdict Monday for the victim. Island Girl Ltd. is the owner of the 130-foot yacht Endless Summer and will have to pay out the damages. The lawsuit accused the owners of negligence and failing to provide property security.
The deckhand who assaulted the woman pleaded guilty to sexual battery in 2016. Rafael Dowgwillowicz-Nowicki was sentenced to two years in prison.
The woman told police they entered their cabin drunk and threatened to kill them if they did not have sex with him.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
The Petronas Towers are reflected in a swimming pool as the sun rises over Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, March 29, 2016. REUTERS/Olivia Harris
KUALA LUMPUR A Malaysian MP said girls as young as nine were "physically and spiritually" ready for marriage, as the Muslim-majority Southeast Asian country passed a law on sexual offences against children without criminalizing child marriage.
Shabudin Yahaya, a member of the Barisan Nasional coalition, made the comments in response to a proposal by an opposition member of parliament to amend the Sexual Offences Against Children bill to include a ban on child marriages.
The proposal was voted down by the majority of parliament.
"They reach puberty at the age of nine or 12. And at that time, their body is already akin to them being 18 years old. So physically and spiritually, it is not a barrier for the girl to marry," Shabudin said on Tuesday during a debate on the bill.
They also said there was "nothing wrong" with a rape victim marrying their rapist as they would then not face a "bleak future".
Shabudin's comments sparked outrage on social media, with some opposition politicians asking for them to be fired.
In a statement on Wednesday, Shabudin said their comments were taken out of context, and that marriage was not a "back door exit to legalize rape." They said they rejected the motion to ban child marriages as it was contrary to provisions in sharia law.
Under both civil law and Islamic law, girls and boys younger than 18 can be married. Civil law sets the minimum age of marriage at 18, but those above 16 can be married with the permission of their state's chief minister.
Under Islamic law, children younger than 16 can get married if the Shariah courts allow it.
The law passed on Tuesday makes no mention of child marriage.
It criminalizes "grooming" - touching and befriending children as a prelude to sexual abuse - and spells out penalties for making and possessing pornography involving those under 18. A special court will also be set up under the new law to deal with child sexual abuse cases more quickly.
The maximum penalty under the law is a jail term of up to 30 years and six strokes of the whip for making, possessing or distributing child pornography.
The new law comes into effect ten months after British pedophile Richard Huckle was found guilty of abusing up to 200 babies and children, mostly in Malaysia.
Reuters reported last year that most complaints of child sexual abuse in Malaysia do not lead to successful prosecutions, largely due to weaknesses in the criminal justice system.
Only 140 of the 12,987 cases of child sexual abuse reported to police between 2012 and July 2016 resulted in convictions.
"The law is more stringent now... but not enough," Teo Nie Ching, the opposition MP who proposed the ban child marriages, told Reuters.
They said offenders would use the absence of a ban on child marriages to get away with crimes as marital rape is not a crime in Malaysia.
There have been several cases over the years of rapists marrying theirs victim, including those under 18, to avoid prosecution.
(Reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi & Rozanna Latiff; Editing by Nick Macfie)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Even in surrender, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is going out fighting.
When they step down Friday, the former Navy SEAL officer will be conceding political defeat amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations while still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
He's even hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during their resignation announcement Tuesday that "this is not the end of our fight." But political analysts say the man who had aspirations of becoming president could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where they would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
Greitens' resignation comes just two weeks after a speech in which they recalled their grueling SEAL training and asserted they would never stop fighting. But their departure was days in the making, as Greitens wrestled with mounting legal bills and the emotional pressures of defending against possible impeachment and a criminal trial.
Advertisement
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dismissed a felony charge accusing Greitens of tampering with computer data for providing their political fundraiser with the donor list of a veterans' charity they founded. The dropped charge was the result of a deal proposed Saturday by Greitens' defense attorneys offering their resignation in exchange, said Gardner spokesperson Susan Ryan.
The governor on Saturday also called Republican consultant Jeff Roe, who headed Greitens' aggressive public relations campaign, to inform Roe that they had decided to resign. Greitens' legal bills had grown to a couple of million dollars, and their campaign staffers also were facing legal bills because of subpoenas from a House investigation.
Though Greitens had believed they could beat both a criminal charge and impeachment, "he couldn't see the end without an immense financial and personal price to pay," Roe told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said they would be open to voting for Greitens again if they sought to re-enter politics.
"I can't fault them for giving up. So much money, so much stress, such strain on their young family. You can't deal with such hate," said Nelson, of Platte City.
Political science professor Jeremy Walling, of Southeast Missouri State University, said Greitens' pledge to keep fighting seemed to be "some face-saving."
Walling said several factors would make a political revival tougher for Greitens than for other scandal-plagued politicians. They said Greitens lacks deep support among Missouri's Republican power brokers, and their acknowledged extramarital affair included claims of sexual misconduct. The allegations also extended to political fundraising violations.
"I think a comeback is going to be kind of difficult for this guy," Walling said.
Gardner, the St. Louis prosecutor, said their decision to drop the data-tampering charge against Greitens was no indication that they believed they were innocent.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," said Gardner, a Democrat.
Had the governor been convicted, Gardner said, it was unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge they faced and the fact that they would be a first-time offender.
Jim Martin, an attorney for Greitens, acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
Former Missouri Supreme Court Chief Justice Michael Wolff said the agreement between Greitens' attorneys and Gardner's office is highly unusual because it protects Gardner and their staff from being sued for their actions and because Greitens did not have to plead guilty to any lesser charge.
"Here's a guy who gets to get out of a felony charge just by agreeing to quit their job," Wolff said. "Most people don't get this deal."
Jean Paul Bradshaw II, a former U.S. attorney for western Missouri, said the agreement to drop the case represents a "fair resolution" because Greitens' resignation accomplished "the greatest public benefit" possible.
The governor also was indicted on an invasion-of-privacy charge in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking the photo of the woman who had been their hairdresser during their affair in 2015, before they were elected. That charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
Martin said they expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but they offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal," Martin said.
Though Greitens had apparently decided to resign days earlier, they began the week as though they would continue their fight. On Monday, they spoke with attorney Catherine Hanaway about their legal defense of Greitens' campaign, which already had turned over thousands of documents to a House investigatory committee.
On Tuesday morning, a Cole County judge ordered the campaign and a pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri to comply with a House subpoena seeking more records about potential coordination between the nonprofit organization, Greitens and their campaign. The judge said the names of any donors to A New Missouri could be redacted.
House Speaker Todd Richardson said Wednesday that they didn't know whether the House still has the power or desire to enforce the subpoena now that Greitens is resigning.
Hanaway described the judicial ruling as "pretty innocuous," adding that they did not think the order "had any effect on the decision" to resign.
Roe said Greitens had been prepared for a two-stage fight. They were first focused on the invasion-of-privacy charge, which was dropped during jury selection. Greitens had hoped to be acquitted, which Roe said would have allowed them to mount a full defense against the potential House impeachment proceedings. But the specter of those charges being refiled hampered what Greitens could say and do on both fronts, Roe said.
Roe also said it appeared likely that the House would vote to impeach Greitens, a step that would have prolonged their fight for several more months until a trial could be held on whether to remove them from office.
"The human and financial toll was too great," Roe said. "And it was going to go on for too long."
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Blake Nelson in Jefferson City and John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, contributed to this report.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
April 20 Foot Locker Inc
* Foot Locker, Inc. updates outlook for first quarter and full year 2017
* Foot Locker Inc says expects earnings in Q1 ending April 29 to be equal to or slightly below last year's record earnings, or $1.36 to $1.39 per share
* Comparable store sales in Q1 are expected to increase at a low-single digit percentage rate
* Updated its Q1 and full year 2017 outlook in light of previously noted slow start to fiscal year in February
* Foot Locker - Sluggish Q1 is expected to result in revised full-year earnings per share percentage increase in mid-single digits, excluding 53(rd) week
* Foot Locker - Delay in issuance of the majority of income tax refund checks until after nba all-star game signifcantly affected Feb comparable store sales
* Foot Locker Inc says "disappointed in overall sales performance in Q1" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Prosecutors underthe Office of the Ombudsman are asking the Sandiganbayan's Seventh Division to reconsider the acquittal of South Cotabato First District Rep. Pedro Acharon Jr. and two others over a graft case in connection with the issuance of a travel order when they were mayor of General Santos City in 2006.
In a six-page motion for reconsideration, the prosecutors argued they “presented proof beyond reasonable doubt of all the elements charged…”
“In this light, the prosecution seeks the reconsideration of the decision subject of this motion on the ground that, with due respect, the Honorable Court has grossly misappreciated and misinterpreted the evidence on record resulting in a grave miscarriage of justice,” they said.
Acquitted along with Acharon were then-Sangguniang Panlungsod (SP or City Council) members Jose Orlando Acharon and Minda Atendido.
The case stemmed from the travel order allegedly issued to Acharon and Atendido for their trip to Los Angeles in the United States on June 9–16, 2006 even when their request for authority to travel was disapproved by the then-secretary of the Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG).
The foreign travel was for the two then-city councilors' participation in the Pagana Dinner and Tambayayong Festival 2006.
In its ruling, the court held that “[n]o undue injury caused to the government was proven,” adding that Acharon and Atendido “cannot be deemed as ‘private parties'” who were allegedly given unwarranted benefits, advantage or preference.
It said in part the foreign travel was supposedly official in nature, adding that the delegation of the two then-city councilors to the Tambayayong Festival “was in their capacity as [then-]‘City Councilor' of General Santos City.”
But the prosecutors argued that the two former city councilors should be considered as private parties.
“For the prosecution, this intention for them to travel in their capacity as [then-]‘City Councilors,' can only be the perceived intention for the issuance of the travel order in their favor. Such intention however, cannot overcome the established fact that accused were not granted travel authority by the [DILG] so there is no basis to consider accused as traveling in their official capacity. Accused former Mayor Pedro B. Acharon Jr. does not have the power to grant them official travel despite the denial of their request for travel authority from the DILG,” they said.
BERLIN, April 10 Germany should increase investment on education and broadband internet and not just on hard infrastructure like bridges and roads to narrow its current account surplus, International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde said on Monday.
"Excessive surpluses are to be rebalanced and there are multiple ways of doing that. Some of our recommendations to German policymakers is to increase investments in the German economy," Lagarde said.
Lagarde was presenting a joint report on global trade by the IMF, World Bank and the World Trade Organization. She, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim and WTO Director General Director-General Roberto Azevedo will later on Monday meet Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Lagarde said global trade has had some disruptive effects despite being a major source of growth, adding that international commerce must be supported and reforms should be implemented to address some of its negative impacts.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr)
May 3 Rec Silicon Asa
* Rec silicon q1 revenues $57.5 million (Reuters poll $71.2 million) vs $68.8 million in Q1 2016
* Says lower first Q1 revenues are a result of lower polysilicon sales volumes
* Rec silicon q1 ebitda $4.6 million (Reuters poll $4.4 million) vs loss $13.4 mln in q1 2016
* Rec silicon q1 ebit loss $16 million (Reuters poll loss $19.2 million)
* Rec silicon targets 2017 polysilicon production of approximately 12,320 mt versus previous guidance of 12,500 mt
* Rec silicon targets polysilicon production of 3,040 mt in the second quarter of 2017
* Construction on Yulin joint venture plant continues to progress, and plant remains on target for start-up in second half of 2017
* Company is actively engaged in ongoing negotiations to defer company's remaining $169 million capital contributions (in Yulin JV) until after 2018
* Says expect to remain near cash neutral throughout 2017, no debt maturities in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Camilla Knudsen)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Editor: Robert Birsel + 65 6870 3815
Picture Desk: Singapore + 65 6870 3775
Graphics queries: + 65 6870 3595
(All times GMT/ET)
TOP STORIES
N.Korea displays apparently new missiles as U.S. carrier group approaches
PYONGYANG/SEOUL - North Korea displays what appears to be new long-range and submarine-based missiles on the 105th birth anniversary of its founding father, Kim Il Sung, as a nuclear-powered U.S. aircraft carrier group steams towards the region. (NORTHKOREA-USA/ (WRAPUP 6, PIX, TV, GRAPHICS), expect by 0800 GMT/4 AM ET, by Sue-Lin Wong and James Pearson, 900 words)
+ See also:
- PENCE-ASIA/ (moved), by Roberta Rampton, 473 words
- NORTHKOREA-USA/JAPAN, moved, 446 words
"Right time" to use huge bomb in Afghanistan - U.S. general
KABUL - The top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan says the decision to deploy one of the largest conventional bombs ever unleashed in combat was purely tactical and made as part of the campaign against Islamic State-linked militants. (USA-AFGHANISTAN/BOMB (UPDATE 7, PIX, TV, GRAPHIC), moved, by Hamid Shalizi and Josh Smith, 1,000 words)
+ See also:
- USA-AFGHANISTAN/BOMB-VILLAGE (PIX, TV, GRAPHIC, moved, 565 words)
- USA-AFGHANISTAN/MOAB (PIX, TV), by David Brunnstrom, 771 words
Trump administration says no U.S. trading partners manipulate currency
WASHINGTON - U.S. President Donald Trump's administration declines to name any major trading partner as a currency manipulator in a highly anticipated report, backing away from a key Trump campaign promise to slap such a label on China. (USA-TRUMP/CURRENCY (UPDATE 2, GRAPHIC), moved, by David Lawder, 535 words)
+ See also:
- USA-CURRENCY/ASIAPAC, moving shortly, 600 words
ASIA
Plaque commemorating Thai revolution removed, prompting outcry
BANGKOK - A plaque commemorating a 1932 coup in Thailand that saw absolute monarchy abolished and democracy established has gone missing, police in Bangkok say, prompting outcry from pro-democracy activists. (THAILAND-PLAQUE/ (PIX), moved, 400 words)
MIDDLE EAST
Palestinian fatally stabs British woman on Jerusalem train -Israeli police
JERUSALEM - A Palestinian man fatally stabs a British woman on Jerusalem's transit network, Israeli police say, as Christians mark Good Friday and Muslims hold prayers at respective holy sites nearby. (ISRAEL-PALESTINIANS/VIOLENCE (UPDATE 2, TV, PIX), moved, 340 words)
EUROPE
French presidential race tightens as vote nears
PARIS - France's presidential race looked tighter than it has all year on Friday, nine days before voting begins, as two polls put the four front-runners within reach of a two-person run-off vote.(FRANCE-ELECTION/ (UPDATE 3, PIX, TV, GRAPHIC), moved, by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Sarah White, 500 words)
UNITED STATES
Hackers release files indicating NSA monitored global bank transfers
Hackers release documents and files that cybersecurity experts say indicate the U.S. National Security Agency has accessed the SWIFT interbank messaging system, allowing it to monitor money flows among some Middle Eastern and Latin American banks. (USA-CYBER/SWIFT (UPDATE 3, by Clare Baldwin, 842 words)
Trump White House will not make visitor logs public, break from Obama policy
PALM BEACH, Fla. - The Trump administration will not make public White House visitor logs, the records that detail who has visited President Donald Trump and their staff on official business, their office confirmed, in a departure from a practice that was established under former President Barack Obama. (USA-TRUMP/VISITORS (moved), by Ayesha Rascoe, 364 words)
Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez cleared of 2012 double murder
BOSTON - A Boston jury finds former New England Patriots football star Aaron Hernandez not guilty of murdering two men outside a Boston nightclub in 2012, following what prosecutors described as a dispute that began over a spilled drink. (USA-CRIME/HERNANDEZ (UPDATE 2, PIX), by Scott Malone, 506 words)
California judge questions Trump's sanctuary city order
SAN FRANCISCO - A California federal judge strongly questions the U.S. Justice Department over whether to suspend an order by President Donald Trump to withhold federal funds from so-called sanctuary cities for immigrants. (USA-IMMIGRATION/SANCTUARY (UPDATE 1), moved, by Robin Respaut, 397 words)
ENTERTAINMENT
Next 'Star Wars' feature to feature new female character
ORLANDO, Fla. - The largely testosterone-fueled Star Wars movie franchise has added an important new female character in the eighth film, "Star Wars: The Last Jedi", director Rian Johnson said on Friday at a fanfest in Orlando. (FILM-STAR WARS/ (moved), by Barbara Liston, 365 words)
See also:
+ (DISNEY-STARWARS/COLLECTORS (moved), by Lisa Richwine, 769 words)
Former national champion Lloyd Go closed out with a solid eagle-spiked 10-under 62 to dominate the 72-hole Philippine Golf Tour Qualifying School by nine at Splendido Taal Golf Club in Tagaytay Friday.
Go, a former Seton Hall standout who shared the third round lead with Dino Villanueva, razed the up-and-down layout with four straight birdies to start their final round drive then kept firing away birdies on Nos. 8, 10, 13 and 16 to complete a pair of 31 cards spiked by an eagle on the par-5 11th.
With earlier rounds of 71, 73 and 68, the Cebuano ace, who beat Jobim Carlos and Jerome Ng of Singapore in the 2014 Philippine Amateur Open at Wack Wack, pooled a 274 and led 49 others to this year's PGT season, which gets going March 7 for the ICTSI Eagle Ridge Championship.
Villanueva failed to match Go's sizzling start and strong finish, carding a 71 for second at 283 while Elmer Saban placed third at 289 after a 74.
Anthony Fernando, also a former national champion, rallied with closing 34 to save a 74 as they shared fourth place with Randy Garalde, who also shot a 74, at 290 while Artemio Murakami, the youngest national champion at 16 in 1999 at Wack Wack, also secured their Tour card with a 68 as they ended up tied for sixth with Jelbert Gamolo, who hobbled with a 76, at 291.
Jama Reyes and Gene Villaruz, who shot identical 74s, and Angelo Anzuris, who skied with a 79, all pooled 313s to clinch the last three spots in the top 50 players who gained their cards in the ever-growing circuit sponsored by ICTSI and organized by Pilipinas Golf Tournaments, Inc.
Others who made the grade were Ebarra Quiachon and Rolando Marabe Jr., who assembled 292s after identical 76s, Rey Pagunsan (72-295) and Robert Pactolerin (73-295), Marvin Dumandan (71-296) and recent National Doubles winner Tonlits Asistio (81-310).
Meanwhile, the 72-hole Q-School for foreign players seeking PGT cards will be held on Feb. 20-23, also at Splendido, while the PGT Asia Q-School is set April 4-7 at Luisita Golf and Country Club in Tarlac.
March 31 Long4Life:
* Long4Life announces its listing on JSE
* IPO comprises the listing of 405,000,100 ordinary shares, equating to a subscription of 2 bln rand
* Will be listed in the “financial services – specialty finance” sector of the JSE, under the abbreviated name long4life, JSE code “L4L"
* Long4Life will be listed in "financial services - specialty finance" sector of JSE, under, JSE code "L4L" with effect from April 7 2017 (Bengaluru Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Prime Minister Theresa May announced plans to call a snap general election for June 8 this morning.
The PM believes a general election is needed in order to bring certainty, stability and a strong leadership ahead of Brexit negotiations, a well as giving them a mandate to rule.
A vote in the House of Commons will be held on Wednesday with Mrs May needing a two-thirds victory for their decision to go ahead.
Previously the PM has said that a general election was not needed until 2020 which, under the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, was the next date for the public vote.
Mrs May explained their decision to change their mind when they said: “I have concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take.”
They also denounced the ‘political game playing' undertaken by their party's opponents, adding that an election would eliminate such behaviour and would help unite a divided Westminster ahead of the Brexit negotiations.
They said: “In recent weeks Labour have threatened to vote against the final agreement we reach with the European Union.
“The Liberal Democrats said they want to grind the business of government to a standstill.
“The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union.
“And un-elected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way.
“If we do not hold a general election now, their political game playing will continue.”
The Labour party leader Jeremy Corbyn said: “I welcome the Prime Minister's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS.
“In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
Leader of the Liberal Democrats, Tim Farron, responded to Mrs May's speech with a statement.
They said: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the single market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
“Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
BRIEF-AURVISTA GOLD TO INCREASE FINANCING UP TO MAXIMUM OF $10 MLN
* AURVISTA GOLD TO INCREASE FINANCING UP TO A MAXIMUM OF $10 MILLION
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
March 29 Netlist Inc:
* Netlist Inc- on March 27, 2017, co entered into an amendment to their loan and security agreement dated October 31, 2009 - sec filing
* Netlist-SVB amendment modifies terms of credit agreement to extend maturity date of advances under SVB credit agreement to April 1, 2018 Source text (bit.ly/2nhDlyW) Further company coverage:
Police are warning people to be on their guard during the festive shopping season, as fraudsters take advantage of those full of the festive spirit.
Independent crime-fighting charity, Crimestoppers, is appealing to the public for information on those making, buying or selling counterfeit banknotes.
In the first half of 2017, over 237,000 worthless counterfeit banknotes with a notional value of over £4.88 million were removed from the UK's streets.
While less than 1 per cent of notes in circulation are counterfeit, this is not a victimless crime. Many retailers, businesses, school, charities and the elderly have been conned out of money using fake notes.
Christmas is a time when more cash changes hands, especially £20 and £50 notes, and fraudsters take advantage of the festive season by targeting busy shops with temporary staff.
Incidents include scammers tricking innocent members of the public into swapping fake £20 notes for two genuine £10 notes, and businesses being left out of pocket if they take a counterfeit note.
Serious business
Counterfeit notes are also known to be linked to serious and organised criminal gangs. One gang was sentenced to over three years' imprisonment for the manufacture of £320,000 worth of fake notes. In another more recent case, three men were prosecuted after £40,000 of fake notes were found in a Kent property that was also used to supply cannabis.
As well as raising public awareness of fake banknotes, in October Crimestoppers partnered with the Bank of England to launch the Banknote Checking Scheme. Aimed at cash-handling businesses, it promotes banknote checking at point of sale through targeted training, with the aim of reducing the number of counterfeit notes being accepted.
Further information on fake notes can be found on Crimestoppers' web page at fakenotes.co.uk.
Director of Operations for Crimestoppers, Roger Critchell, said: “Fake notes are completely worthless and knowingly holding or passing on counterfeit notes is a crime”.
“The purpose of this campaign is to raise awareness of counterfeit money, especially around Christmas when money can be tight, but also to highlight how heartless and callous fraudsters can be when targeting their victims”.
“I'd ask that anyone with information on those selling counterfeit notes contact Crimestoppers anonymously, safe in the knowledge no one will know you spoke to us, and knowing you may have prevented someone's Christmas from being ruined.”
Ben Crosland, Senior Manager of Banknote Engagement and Communications at the Bank of England, said: “The general public play an important role when it comes to reporting counterfeit currency. Campaigns like this and the recently launched Banknote Checking Scheme, are essential to encourage the public and businesses to help us and law enforcement stop the counterfeiters.”
If you have information on those making, selling or buying counterfeit notes then please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through our Anonymous Online Form at crimestoppers-uk.org/give-info.
Germany, Italy push for changes to Europe's rules on bank failure
BRUSSELS, June 14 European Union regulators should consider the social impact of winding down banks when they apply new liquidation rules that could affect depositors, retail investors and senior bondholders, a German-Italian joint paper said.
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
British airline Flybe Group Plc (FLYB.L) said it has reduced capacity and cut costs as weak demand, pricing pressures and rising competition from rail operators dented fourth-quarter revenue.
The airline, which connects British regional airports to London and other European cities, said on Wednesday it expects to report an adjusted loss before tax for the year through March 2017 due to a charge of 5 million-10 million pounds for a systems upgrade.
Flybe's shares dropped 6.4 percent in morning trade following its results statement.
Brokerage Liberum had a prior pre-tax profit forecast of 4.2 million pounds for the year. It now estimates a loss of 3.8 million pounds.
The airline said that summer trading this year is in line with its expectations. It forecast an 11 percent increase in revenue in the first half of 2017-2018 and a 6 percent rise in yield, helped by the timing of the Easter holiday, which is later than last year.
In the quarter through March 2017 it estimated passenger revenue rose by 9.8 percent, compared with 13.5 percent in the previous quarter.
"The period has been characterised by weak demand in an uncertain consumer environment, together with price competition arising from overcapacity amongst airlines and sharpened price activity from rail operators," Flybe said.
European airlines have driven down fares by adding more seats to boost their market share in a period of low oil prices.
Flybe said operational cancellations, industrial action mainly by French air traffic controllers and some weather-related cancellations also hit revenue in its fourth quarter
It said it expects its load factor to fall by around 1.4 percentage points in the three months to March 31, an improvement on the 1.7 percentage point fall in the previous quarter.
Flybe also estimated slower year-on-year seat capacity growth of 10 percent for the fourth quarter from 12.7 percent in the third quarter.
It said it expected a 3 percent rise in capacity for the first half of this year as the fleet size peaks. Flybe has taken delivery of nine Q400 aircraft in the year, and expects to reach fleet size peak next month with a total of 85 aircraft.
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru, editing by Louise Heavens and Susan Fenton)
SANTA ANA, Cagayan: The P1.67-billion Cagayan North International Airport (CNIA) in Lallo town will start catering to regular flights, to and from Macau and and other destinations in China, by the fourth quarter of the year, according to the Cagayan Economic Zone Authority (CEZA).
Raul Lambino, CEZA administrator and chief executive officer, said the regular flights would add to the domestic charters the airport had been servicing since 2014.
The airport is managed by the Cagayan Premium Ventures Development Corporation, a company developed through a joint venture agreement (JVA) between the CEZA and a private company.
It will cater two international chartered flights a day to and from Macau to service the air logistics needs of locator Pai Hao Investment Company.
The flights will be hosted by International Pacific Airways, which will be operating an Airbus 320 and a Boeing 737 to transport tourists and casino players.
The airport was completed in 2014 and has been granted a limited aerodrome certificate, renewable every six months, and subject to the conditions set by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines (CAAP).
CEZA officials said that in order to accommodate bigger aircraft like the Airbus 320, Boeing 737, or ATR-72, the airport is now in the process of fulfilling CAAP requirements which include buying and installing new equipment for the control tower, navigational aids, and terminal building.
Lambino said the plan is to establish the airport as gateway to Northern Cagayan, Apayao and Ilocos Norte, providing direct domestic and international flights on a regular basis.
The airport can also be an aerotropolis offering aviation services such as park and hangar hub, aircraft maintenance repair and overhaul, flying schools and other support system for the aviation industry.
“We are now talking with big firms in Hong Kong and Taipei for making use of the CNIA as the parking hub for their airplanes and helicopters,” Lambino said.
Also, the Philippine Air Force has presented a plan for using the airport as their Northern Luzon hub.
The airport was one of the significant infrastructure facilities established by CEZA under then-Secretary Jose Mari Ponce.
In 2005, Ponce took over CEZA when the company was supposedly on the verge of going belly up and managed to turn around the situation.
A government-owned and controlled corporation, CEZA was established through Republic Act 7922 or the Cagayan Special Economic Zone Act of 1995. It was mandated to manage the Cagayan Special Economic Zone and Freeport and spur economic growth through investment promotions in the area.
March 29 Sartorius Stedim Biotech Sa
* Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, Aix-Marseille Provence Metropolis and co launch 23 million euros R & D program in Aubagne
* Creation of 200 new jobs by the end of 2018
* Sees widening production capacity by one-third and doubling the size of the logistics platform Source text: bit.ly/2mGbSIi Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
People look at a mummy dating back to an ancient Yemen era displayed at a museum at Sanaa University, in Sanaa, Yemen April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed al-Sayaghi
Women look at a mummy dating back to an ancient Yemen era displayed at a museum at Sanaa University, in Sanaa, Yemen April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed al-Sayaghi
People look at a mummy dating back to an ancient Yemen era displayed at a museum at Sanaa University, in Sanaa, Yemen April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed al-Sayaghi
Photographers take photos of a mummy dating back to an ancient Yemen era displayed at a museum at Sanaa University, in Sanaa, Yemen April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed al-Sayaghi
A man looks at a mummy dating back to an ancient Yemen era displayed at a museum at Sanaa University, in Sanaa, Yemen April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed al-Sayaghi
A mummy dating back to an ancient Yemen era is seen at a museum at Sanaa University, in Sanaa, Yemen April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed al-Sayaghi
SANAA Famine and disease haunt the living, but not even the dead are spared the calamities of Yemen's two-year-old civil war.
Ancient mummies are withering away in a major museum for lack of electricity and preservative chemicals from abroad - a sign that the conflict is harming not only the country's present and future but also its rich past.
The dozen spindly corpses, curled into the fetal position or swaddled in baskets, belong to a lost pagan civilization around 2 1/2 millennia ago - long before the advent of Islam.
Lying beneath glass panes within the archaeology department in the capital Sanaa's main university, the mummies might have spent their eternal slumber blissfully unaware of the otherworldly warplanes pounding their homeland.
A Saudi-led military coalition has carried out thousands of air strikes in a bid to dislodge Yemen's armed Houthi movement from the capital. The conflict has killed at least 10,000 people and unleashed a humanitarian crisis.
But a timeless enemy, abetted by the disorder of war, threatens the mummies' repose.
"The mummies have started to decay and are infected with bacteria. This is because we don't have electricity and the machines that are supposed to maintain them," said Abdelrahman Jarallah, head of the university's anitiquities department.
"We need some chemicals to sanitise the mummies every six months, and they aren't available due to the political situation."
Power cuts plague Sanaa, sapping the dehumidifiers that help preserve the "Hall of Mummies." Funding to government bodies like the university have suffered from a struggle between Yemen's warring parties for control of the central bank.
Antiquities experts are appealing to the university and the culture ministry for funding and equipment to better fend off the microbes eating into the mummies' flesh.
But the coalition's closure of Sanaa airport and a near-blockade over a key Red Sea port - aimed at stopping weapons shipments - have cut off imports of specialty goods like the chemicals needed to ward off the microscopic menace.
Sheba and other Yemeni kingdoms once provided the frankincense and myrrh hauled by desert caravans to perfume the temples of the Holy Land and ancient Rome.
Modern combat, however, is disfiguring important cultural treasures. Air strikes have levelled medieval mudbrick towers in Sanaa's old quarter, a medieval mosque and an Ottoman fort.
Al Qaeda militants have dynamited Sufi shrines and armed attacks in Houthi-held lands have sent packing many members of a Yemeni Jewish community dating from the time of King Solomon around 1,000 B.C.
"So many places have been destroyed because of this war," lamented Ameeda Shaalan, an antiquities professor who still hopes the mummies can be saved. "We now have some things that have survived, and we must preserve them."
(This version of the article corrects professor's name in paragraph 7)
(Writing by Noah Browning and Tarek Fahmy; editing by Mark Heinrich)
March 29 Corby Spirit and Wine Ltd :
* Corby Spirit and Wine Limited and Pernod Ricard USA, LLC announce extension of distribution agreement
* Co entered into amending deal with Pernod Ricard USA to extend term of existing distribution agreement to June 30, 2018
* Amended agreement will be effective as of July 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Boeing Co (BA.N) has sought the Brazilian government's approval of a partnership with planemaker Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA) that would create a new company focused on commercial aviation, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday.
The new vehicle would not include Embraer's defence unit under the proposal presented on Thursday, according to the source, who asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of ongoing talks.
Embraer said in a securities filing that it was in ongoing talks with Boeing and the Brazilian government about a potential partnership that could eventually create a new company, but it had not received a formal proposal from Boeing.
A Boeing representative in Brazil said the structure of a possible deal with Embraer was “still being studied.”
Government sources told Reuters it was too early to say if the latest suggested structure of a deal would pass muster with all ministries concerned and, importantly, with the military. Some did say that the latest structure would seem to meet the main government demands, especially regarding the protection of Brazilian defence programs.
Representatives at Brazil's Defense Ministry, which set up a committee to make recommendations to the government on a partnership, declined to comment immediately.
The logo of Brazilian jets maker Embraer is seen on a factory in Sao Jose dos Campos, Brazil, December 23, 2017. REUTERS/Leonardo Benassatto
Brazil's Air Force repeated on Friday that they “consider Embraer to be fundamental for the country's security and any decision has to take into account national sovereignty.”
Embraer shares, which surged as much as 9 percent after a report by Globo media suggested that Embraer had accepted a proposal from Boeing, pared gains to around 4.5 percent in afternoon trading. Boeing shares were down about 1.5 percent.
Boeing's proposed tie-up with Embraer, the world's third-largest planemaker, would give it a leading share of the 70- to 130-seat market and create stiffer competition for the CSeries programme designed by Canada's Bombardier Inc (BBDb.TO) and backed by European rival Airbus SE (AIR.PA) last year.
An unexpected U.S. trade ruling last month scrapping tariffs on CSeries jets added to pressure on Boeing and Embraer to pull off a tie-up of their own.
Brazil's government has openly pushed for a partnership between the two companies focused more narrowly on commercial aviation, rather than an outright acquisition, due to concerns about the independence of Brazilian defence programs.
The government, which holds about 10 percent of Embraer shares through public-sector funds, still has veto power over its military programs and any takeover attempts due to a golden share in the former state enterprise.
Boeing has sought ways to preserve the government's golden share in Embraer and previously proposed safeguards for defence programs in Brazil along the lines of its subsidiaries in Britain and Australia, sources have told Reuters.
March 30 PHH Corp
* Chief Executive Officer Glen Messina notified co on March 29 of their decision to retire from board of directors of co - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2oc5Lif) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Geron Corp
* Geron Corp - Janssen Research & Development, LLC has completed second internal data reviews of Imerge and Imbark
* Geron Corp - For imerge, benefit/risk profile of Imetelstat in treated patients supports continued development in lower risk myelodysplastic syndromes
* Geron-For Imbark, current results suggest clinical benefit, potential os benefit associated with Imetelstat treatment in relapsed or refractory myelofibrosis
* Geron Corp - For Imerge, a data package and proposed trial design refinements are planned to be provided to FDA
* Geron Corp - For Imbark, trial will continue unchanged to evaluate maturing efficacy and safety data, including an assessment of overall survival
* Geron Corp - If part 2 of imerge is initiated, Geron expects this phase 3 stage of Imerge to be opened for patient enrollment in Q4 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW, March 29 Russia's Sberbank hopes to complete the sale of its Ukrainian subsidiary in May or June, a source with the bank said on Wednesday.
Sberbank said this week it had agreed to sell its unit in Ukraine to a consortium of investors, which include Norvik Bank (Latvia) and a Belarussian private company.
"We plan that (in the) next 1-2 weeks we will, together with the buyers, send the documents for approval to the regulators, three in Ukraine and one in Latvia," the source said. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; writing by Katya Golubkova and Polina Nikolskaya; editing by Maria Kiselyova)
A LITTLE family headstone lies in the middle of Dunoon cemetery in memory of three young children whose plaques show their details.
The middle one is in "loving memory of Joyce Alice Mulley 'Dolly'”, a young girl who died at 15 years old.
What the plaque doesn't say about Joyce is that they were a prolific writer to the Northern Star's Aunt Kath pages between the years 1930 and 1932, up to only a month before their death.
Aunt Kath ran the children's pages printing stories and puzzles for the children to follow and encouraged them to become 'members' or nephews and nieces and tell them about their lives.
Each child had penpal names and would often write to each other as well.
Joyce chose their first penpal name as "Christmas Bells” but this was the time of early aviation and they loved to watch the planes fly overhead.
They soon asked to change their name to "Pilot Genaco” the same name as Charles Kingsford-Smith's Avro X Genaco plane.
"Don't you think Miss (Amy) Johnson is a brave girl, flying all the way from England?” Joyce wrote about the epic air flight of the time.
Over the next two years Joyce wrote to Aunt Kath giving an insight into a 13-14 year old's life in the rural surrounds of Lismore.
"My uncle cut their hand pulling corn. It is cut deep,” they wrote.
"Pulling corn is not nice.”
Joyce often spoke of the numbers of cows they had and named the calves that were born, also sharing the beauty of the flowers that were growing in their very pretty garden.
They joined the Gould League of Bird Lovers through their school telling Aunt Kath how much they loved little birds.
They often forwarded poetry that was shared to the children's page each week and also loved reading and sharing the books they owned.
Joyce lived at The Channon and went to school at Terania Creek.
I couldn't find a reason why Joyce died but their little friends on Aunt Kath's page wrote their sadness when they found out.
References
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
March 30 MAGNOLIA BOSTAD AB
* MAGNOLIA BOSTAD HAS REACHED AN AGREEMENT ON SETTLEMENT OF THE PROJECT HUVUDKONTORET IN UPPSALA
* AGREEMENT IS NOT DEEMED TO HAVE ANY EFFECT ON MAGNOLIA BOSTAD'S EARNINGS
* ALL DISPUTES ARE TERMINATED, ECONOMIC ASSOCIATIONS AND PROPERTIES IN PROJECT WILL BE SOLD BACK AND NO PARTY HAS THEREBY DEMANDS REMAINING AGAINST EACH OTHER Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Aspiring Zanu-PF parliamentary candidates linked to the G40 cabal in the Midlands province will not be representing the party in this year's harmonised elections after their bids were rejected at national level.
Former Midlands Provincial Affairs Minister Jason Machaya, former deputy Minister of Industry and Commerce Chitatidzo Mabuwa, Kwekwe Central legislator Masango “Blackman” Matambanadzo, former Deputy Minister of Tourism and Hospitality Industry Annastacia Ndlovu and former deputy Minister of Mines and Mining Development Fred Moyo had all submitted their CVs to contest in party primary elections, which are now scheduled for April 29.
The party primaries were initially scheduled for 5 May. Herald
April 13 Macro Games SA:
* To raise capital by no more than 2.6 million zlotys ($651,400) via series G share issue at the issue price of 0.35 zloty per share via a closed subscription Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9914 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
PARIS (Reuters) - Renault (RENA.PA) boss Carlos Ghosn is likely to be reappointed as chief executive at the French carmaker's next shareholder meeting, Le Figaro reported on Thursday.
Ghosn, 63, had been expected to hand over to a successor in June, when their contract expires, and take a new presiding role at the helm of the Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi alliance.
Instead, Renault plans to name a deputy or chief operating officer to serve under Ghosn, whose renewal as CEO will be proposed at the next board meeting on Feb. 15 with French government backing, Le Figaro said. The French state is Renault's biggest shareholder with a 15 percent stake.
A spokesperson for the company declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.
Renault owns 43.4 percent of Japanese alliance partner Nissan (7201.T), which in turn controls Mitsubishi Motors (7211.T) through a 34 percent holding.
Renault Chief Competitive Officer Thierry Bollore is often cited as favorite to be named as second-in-command.
(This version of the story corrects the title to chief competitive officer in final paragraph)
May 2 Generalplus Technology Inc :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$3.19 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$0.31 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/cslztF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Two Hollywood actors were kidnapped and held for ransom by a violent meth-fuelled gang for almost three days, it has been revealed.
Daisy McCrackin of 2002's Halloween: Resurrection fame and fellow performer Joseph Capone were lucky to have survived the ordeal, the details of which were made public for the first time.
Keith Andre Stewart, Johntae Jones and Amber Neal were arrested in Los Angeles this week in a series of dramatic operations by heavily armed police.
So this happened today in Inglewood. The police stopped this woman and drew guns out at them even though (clear as day) they had nothing in their hands. pic.twitter.com/yUAdimc2hC — ricky🚧 (@x__ricardo) July 2, 2018
Neal's arrest on Monday by Los Angeles police was captured on bystander video and had been viewed more than 2.4 million times on Twitter.
Advertisement
They were collectively charged with 17 criminal charges including kidnapping, assault with a firearm, grand theft, mayhem, conspiracy and possession for sale of methamphetamine, according to a grand jury indictment that was unsealed earlier today in Los Angeles County Superior Court.
According to California's penal code, mayhem is when a person "unlawfully and maliciously deprives a human being of a member of their body, or disables, disfigures, or renders it useless, or cuts or disables the tongue, or puts out an eye, or slits the nose, ear, or lip".
Jones and Stewart face additional weapons-related charges while police allege that Stewart inflicted great bodily injury on the Mr Capone.
Court documents allege Stewart, Jones, and Neal gained entry into Ms McCrackin's South Los Angeles home on May 3.
Stewart allegedly pistol-whipped Mr Capone before their co-accused placed black hoods over the victims' heads and drove them to Jones' home in Compton.
Once there, the defendants allegedly stripped Mr Capone naked and held them without food in a bathtub for 30 hours, the indictment says.
Meanwhile, Jones and Neal are accused of taking Ms McCrackin's vehicle, a 2011 red Lexus, and driving them to multiple bank locations while demanding they provide at least US$10,000 ($14,785) to them for Capone's release.
Daisy McCrackin starred in 2002's Halloween: Resurrection. Photo / Supplied
McCrackin was allegedly forced to write a cheque to Neal, who deposited the money into their account, according to court documents.
Later on May 4, the defendants took the actor back to their home, where they were able to escape and alert police.
Stewart and Jones face a maximum possible sentence of life in state prison without the possibility of parole if convicted as charged. Neal faces up to life in prison.
Bail for Jones and Neal was set at $US1 million ($1.48 million), and Stewart's bail was US$2.08 million ($3.07 million).
The trio is expected to face court on July 23 for a pre-trial hearing.
A recycled SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket soars toward space above a Virgin Airlines passenger jet, which had just departed Orlando International Airport, in Orlando, Florida, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Gregg Newton
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Elon Musk's SpaceX on Thursday salvaged half of the $6 million nosecone of its rocket, in what the space entrepreneur deemed an important feat in the drive to recover more of its launch hardware and cut the cost of space flights.
Shortly after the main section of SpaceX's first recycled Falcon 9 booster landed itself on a platform in the ocean, half of the rocket's nosecone, which protected a communications satellite during launch, splashed down via parachute nearby.
"That was the cherry on the cake,” Musk, who serves as chief executive and lead designer of Space Exploration Technologies, told reporters after launch from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
Measuring 43 feet (13 meters) long and 17 feet (5 meters) in diameter, the nosecone is big enough to hold a school bus. It separates into two pieces, exposing the satellite, about 4 minutes after liftoff.
As a test, SpaceX outfitted the fairing with thrusters and a steerable parachute.
"It's its own little spacecraft,” Musk said. “The thrusters maintain its orientation as it re-enters and then ... the parachute steers it to a particular location.”
SpaceX has focused most of its efforts and more than $1 billion into developing technologies to recover the Falcon 9's main section, which accounts for about 75 percent of the $62 million rocket. Musk's goal is to cut the cost of spaceflight so that humanity can migrate beyond Earth.
"I hope people will start to think about it as a real goal to establish a civilization on Mars,” they said.
LANDING ON 'BOUNCY CASTLE'
After some debate about whether the nosecone could be recovered, Musk said they told their engineering team, “Imagine you had $6 million in cash on a pallet flying through the air that's just going to smash into the ocean. Would you try to recover that? Yes, you would.”
Musk envisions deploying a kind of “bouncy castle” for the fairing to land on so it can be recovered intact and reused.
The company plans up to six more flights of recycled boosters this year, including two that will strap alongside a third, new first-stage for the debut test flight of a heavy-lift rocket.
Originally slated to fly in 2013, Falcon Heavy is now expected to fly late this summer.
"At first it sounded easy. We'll just take two first stages and use them as strap-on boosters,” Musk said. “It was actually shockingly difficult to go from single core to a triple-core vehicle.”
SpaceX also may try to land the rocket's upper-stage section, a feat the company has never attempted. “Odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot,” Musk wrote on Twitter on Friday.
Privately owned SpaceX also is developing a commercial space taxi to fly astronauts to the International Space Station, a venture to send two space tourists on a trip around the moon and a Mars lander that is slated to launch in 2020.
(Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Joe White and Mary Milliken)
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are their own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2p1SftR
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2p4R11K
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2oTK6MV
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2oTKD1h
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2p4EThd
By John Kemp
LONDON, May 2 U.S. crude production is surging, complicating OPEC's efforts to rebalance the oil market.
U.S. production rose by more than 450,000 barrels per day (bpd) in the five months ending in February, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) (tmsnrt.rs/2p1SftR).
Total U.S. crude production has increased from a recent low of 8.567 million bpd in September to 9.031 million bpd in February (“Petroleum Supply Monthly”, EIA, April 28).
Production continued rising in March and April, and now stands at over 9.2 million bpd, according to weekly estimates published by the agency (“Weekly Petroleum Status Report”, EIA, April 26).
Weekly estimates are considered less reliable than the monthly numbers, but the two series have tended to follow one another closely, so there is no reason to doubt the continued growth in output (tmsnrt.rs/2p4R11K).
U.S. crude production is increasing at an annual rate of more than 1 million bpd, comparable to the boom of 2012-2014 (tmsnrt.rs/2oTK6MV).
The rapid recovery in U.S. output is one of the factors making market rebalancing slower than OPEC anticipated.
Most of the increase so far has come from non-shale producers in the Gulf of Mexico and Alaska. But the massive increase in the number of rigs drilling onshore should ensure shale output rises substantially in the remainder of 2017.
Gulf of Mexico output rose by 228,000 bpd in the five months to February, while onshore production from the lower 48 states increased by 175,000 bpd and Alaska's output rose 61,000 bpd.
U.S. production will continue increasing for at least the next few months as the lagged impact of earlier increases in the onshore rig count filter through.
From a cycle low in May 2016, the number of rigs drilling for oil in the United States has risen by 380 or around 120 percent (tmsnrt.rs/2oTKD1h).
Exploration and production firms are still adding drilling rigs at an average of almost 10 per week, according to oilfield services company Baker Hughes (tmsnrt.rs/2p4EThd).
Rig counts generally affect production with a lag of about six months so the full impact of all those extra rigs has yet to be reflected in the production statistics.
Crude output is already rising much faster than predicted by any of the major statistical agencies at the start of the year.
EIA has already raised its year-end forecast from 9.22 million bpd in January to 9.64 million bpd in April (“Short-Term Energy Outlook”, EIA, Jan and Apr 2017).
By the end of the year, production is predicted to have fully recovered from the slump and to surpass the previous peak set in April 2015.
Production forecasts are very likely to be revised even higher given the speed with which output has increased in the first four months of the year.
Some of the rise in production is the result of offshore output, but onshore shale production is forecast to exceed its previous peak well before the end of 2018. (Editing by Susan Thomas)
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 After going five-under through the opening 10 holes at their first U.S. Masters on Thursday, Thomas Pieters might have been forgiven for wondering what was so tricky about the Augusta National Golf Club.
The Belgian got their answer at the infamous Amen Corner, the graveyard for countless Green Jacket dreams, when they took a bogey at the 12th hole followed by a double at 13th.
There was also a bogey at 15 and another double at 18 to offset six birdies as the 25-year-old's topsy turvy Masters initiation ended with a level par 72.
"At the start, yeah," said Pieters when asked if they got a lot out of theirs round.
"At the end, nothing. Didn't really have any bad shots and kind of got penalized. So, it hurts, but after all, not a bad round.
"The last eight, nine holes, right now the wind's picking up and it's not really consistent.
"If you catch the wrong gust at the wrong time, then you look stupid like I did on 12.
"But that's just Augusta, I guess."
On day of baffling gusting winds, Pieters got the full Augusta experience after picking up four shots on an error-free outward nine.
Augusta National bared its famous teeth on the back nine, Pieters taking a five at the par four 11th then finding the water on the par three 12th for another five.
"I hit an eight iron and I had plenty," explained about their visit to Rae's Creek.
"It's actually a short hole, so you're trying to make birdie. It's only an eight iron. But then you can't do anything about wind gusts." (Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
* U.S. 10-year yield posts the longest weekly losing streak * Year-over-year U.S. wage growth strongest since 2009 * Fed's Williams calls for rate hikes as economy improves * U.S. 2-year yield dips on safe-haven bids as Wall St sags (Updates market action, adds quotes) By Richard Leong NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A strong U.S. payrolls report on Friday raised concerns the Federal Reserve might hasten to increase interest rates to stem inflation, compounding a bond market rout that pushed the yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note to a four-year high. Global bond yields have been rising on expectations of improving global growth and speculation of reduced stimulus from overseas central banks. The spike in yields rattled stock markets this week on worries about the impact of rising borrowing costs on consumers and companies. "Right now, everyone is a bit nervous," said Gemma Wright-Casparius, senior portfolio manager at Vanguard in Malvern, Pennsylvania. "We are seeing a global sell-off in rates." While traders appear more upbeat on economic prospects outside the United States, domestic business activities have remained solid with signs inflation is edging closer to the Fed's 2 percent target. Some Fed officials have been reluctant to raise rates further without evidence of an acceleration in inflation, while others felt conditions are ripe for the Fed to further tighten policy. The Labor Department said on Friday that employers hired an additional 200,000 workers last month, more than the 160,000 they added in December. More importantly, average hourly earnings grew 0.3 percent, bringing the year-over-year increase to 2.9 percent, the biggest annual rise since June 2009. The encouraging wage figure lifted a gauge of investor expectations on inflation to its highest level in almost 3-1/2 years. INFLATION EXPECTATIONS The yield premium on regular 10-year Treasury notes over 10-year Treasury inflation protected securities grew to 2.14 percentage points, the most since September 2014, according to Reuters and Tradeweb data. San Francisco Fed President John Williams said on Friday that more rate increases are warranted as the economy has showed more improvement, but they did not favor increasing rates more than the three hikes the Fed has forecast for 2018. Interest rates futures implied growing bets the U.S. central bank will raise rates three times this year. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury reached a four-year peak at 2.852 percent. It was last at 2.841 percent, up 6.8 basis points on the day, marking five consecutive weeks of increases for the longest such stretch since late 2016. The 2-year yield touched a more than nine-year high at 2.186 percent before ending lower to 2.145 percent on a bout of safe-haven buying. The S&P 500 and the Dow both scored their worst weeks in two years. The yield curve further reversed its earlier flattening move tied to expectations that inflation would stay muted. The yield spread between 2-year and 10-year Treasuries widened to 69 basis points, the most since mid-November after hitting a decade low nearly a month ago. "Yields can go higher, but I don't think they are going to stay there," said Rich Piccirillo, senior portfolio manager at PGIM Fixed Income in Newark, New Jersey. Friday, Feb. 2 at 1602 EST (2102 GMT): Price US T BONDS MAR8 145-4/32 -1-14/32 10YR TNotes MAR8 120-220/256 -0-92/256 Price Current Net Yield Change (pct) (bps) Three-month bills 1.46 1.4855 -0.003 Six-month bills 1.605 1.6403 -0.008 Two-year note 99-184/256 2.1453 -0.016 Three-year note 99-24/256 2.3202 0.003 Five-year note 99-4/256 2.5867 0.028 Seven-year note 98-88/256 2.7623 0.052 10-year note 95-4/256 2.8373 0.064 30-year bond 93-156/256 3.0793 0.073 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 22.25 2.50 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 20.25 1.50 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 9.25 0.75 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap 3.00 -0.50 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -14.00 -1.50 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 15 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1000 GMT on Thursday:
April 5 Advancepierre Foods Holdings Inc
* Files for resale of its common stock of up to $439.2 million
* Advancepierre Foods Holdings - selling stockholders, including funds managed by Oaktree Capital and members of co's management, are selling 12.5 million shares Source text: (bit.ly/2p2t4YA) Further company coverage:
COPENHAGEN May 3 Denmark's right-leaning minority government presented a broad housing tax deal with opposition parties on Wednesday, ending months of policy deadlock and paving the way for talks about labour market reforms and a long-term plan for the economy.
The compromise, which was agreed during negotiations late on Tuesday, has the backing of key right-wing government ally the Danish People's Party, as well as the centre-left Social Democrats and Social-Liberals.
The deal aims to give tax relief to six out of 10 homeowners, the government said, while those living in the most expensive houses, mostly in Copenhagen, could see their housing taxes go up.
Danish homeowners pay around 42 billion Danish crowns ($6.16 billion) annually in two types of housing taxes under the current system, which has long been criticized for being opaque and arbitrary and for increasing the risk of price bubbles.
"With the deal, a correlation between housing taxes and house values will be restored from 2022. It will at that time have a stabilising effect on housing prices and thus the economy," central bank governor Lars Rohde said.
The government, which holds 53 of 179 seats in parliament, aims to gain support for reforms to expand the workforce to avoid that a shortage of workers in some areas dampens economic growth.
($1 = 6.8148 Danish crowns) (Reporting by Erik Matzen and Teis Jensen, editing by Terje Solsvik)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - JHL BIOTECH INC :
* Says it applied to stop shares' trading on Emerging Market
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/4Q5VjG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FOREX-Dollar subdued as Trump probe, weak U.S. data overshadow Fed
TOKYO, June 15 The dollar nursed losses on Thursday, after weak U.S. inflation data left investors wondering if the Federal Reserve would be able to follow up its latest rate hike with another later this year.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Tonight's WWE RAW takes place from the TD Garden in Boston with the final build for Sunday's WWE SummerSlam pay-per-view.
Tonight's show will feature Sasha Banks vs. Nia Jax with the winner facing RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss on Sunday. No other matches have been announced for tonight but we do know that WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar is scheduled.
WWE is focusing on the following points for tonight:
* Every woman for herself: Sasha vs. Nia
* Joe is gonna get you
* Mizzed opportunity with The Miztourage and Jason Jordan
* Face your fear, Finn Balor
* Brothers on the mend, Rollins and Ambrose
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
HELSINKI, April 2 For all their brilliance and world record scores, there is one annoying riddle that Yuzuru Hanyu has yet crack.
Will they ever be able to win a major global competition by producing back-to-back flawless skates?
Sporting annuls will show that by the age of 22, the Japanese had won an Olympic gold medal and two world titles.
However, if fans read the small print, they will be reminded that on each occasion Hanyu triumphed by producing one spectacular performance while the other was anything but.
It is a pattern that started at the 2014 Sochi Games, when a breathtaking short skate was followed by two spills in the longer programme.
The sequence was reversed at the world championships a few weeks later in Saitama, where Hanyu had to make up ground in the free skate after producing a messy short programme.
Three years on and Hanyu is no closer to savouring that perfect performance at a championship.
Instead they had to rely on a dazzling free skate on Saturday, with world record scores, to lift them from fifth to the top of the podium.
But with the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics 10 months away, Hanyu feels there is a limit to the amount of nerves they can tolerate.
"I feel it's very difficult to put out two clean programmes in both the short and the free, and I still need to work on that," Hanyu told reporters after edging out teammate Shoma Uno for the gold.
"Towards the Olympic season I think it's important to skate clean both in the short and the free, these two programmes together."
That may be easier said than done.
Even when Hanyu fails to win the top prize at the major global meets, they do not deviate from their usual script.
At the last two world championships they produced brilliant short skates only to suffer blowouts in the free -- handing victory to their coach Brian Orser's other pupil, Javier Fernandez, on each occasion.
In Helsinki, however, it was the turn of short-skate leader Fernandez to suffer that feeling as they stumbled to fourth.
It was a result that proved one thing to the Spaniard.
"If Yuzu skates a clean short and a clean long, they will probably be unbeatable," said Fernandez.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Greg Stutchbury)
LONDON, March 29 No deal in Brexit talks between Britain and the European Union is not an option, the country's car industry body said as Prime Minister Theresa May formally triggered divorce proceedings from the European Union.
In January, May said: "I am equally clear that no deal for Britain is better than a bad deal for Britain", but carmakers fear that without a formal agreement, UK-built cars would face export tariffs of up to 10 percent, risking the future of plants.
"We will continue to work with government and our European counterparts but no deal is not an option," the Chief Executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders Mike Hawes said on Wednesday. (Reporting by Costas Pitas, editing by Paul Sandle)
Banned skin-whitener seized from two shops
Two beauty shops in Phnom Penh were on Tuesday raided by anti-economic crime police for selling a skin-whitening product known as “Tabita” that contains high amounts of mercury and the banned carcinogenic bleach hydroquinone, and five more shops will be raided in the coming days, officials said yesterday.
Tabita was banned by the Health Ministry in 2015 after Singapore sent a notice that it contained harmful chemicals including hydroquinone, as well as mercury and tretinoin, according to a May 19 letter from ministry Secretary of State Choun Yinsim to lawyers for Sokun Vattanak Trading Co, which owns the shops.
The two beauty shops were properly licensed to operate by the Ministry of Commerce but were raided for selling the banned products, which were confiscated, and court proceedings could now follow, said Long Sreng, the deputy director of the Interior Ministry's Anti-Economic Crimes Police Department.
“The ingredients of products were not accepted by the Ministry of Health,” Sreng said, explaining that the confiscated skin-whitening products had been sent to the Health Ministry.
“We will send the case to court in the next three days, and we also will confiscate from five [other] shops who have sold this brands.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Media Contact
Justin Tabb
727-277-5757
***@sunprintracing.com Justin Tabb727-277-5757
End
-- On July 2nd Sun Print Racing seeks to change the world of offshore racing forever as they debut the world's first 360 degree offshore racing livestream for viewers to witness directly from the boat's perspective. This feat is made possible with 360fly and will be conducted by the company's current flagship 4k 360 degree technology. The Sun Print Racing team is based out of New Port Richey, Florida, and are quite possibly its best kept secret. Despite being led by Steve Miklos, one of the pioneers of modern super boat racing, few individuals know that Tampa Bay has a world champion team right around the corner. Miklos has earned multiple world championships as well as a world kilo record and is looking towards the future to establish a new way to reinvigorate what many would consider a dying sport. All of this will change, however, on July 2nd when the world witnesses the true essence of offshore racing by experiencing it through the single lens of a 360fly 4k. Viewers can watch the livestream on Facebook by visting facebook.com/SunPrintRacing and can learn more about the team's adventures by visiting sunprintracing.com.Learn More: sunprintracing.comDiscover: Facebook.com/SunPrintRacing
(Reuters) - South Carolina's Charleston International Airport was evacuated for about two hours before dawn on Friday after screeners found a suspicious package that turned out to be an iPad, the airport's top official said.
The iPad was spotted shortly after 5 a.m. EST (1000 GMT) by U.S. Transportation Security Administration screeners as it went through an x-ray unit, airport Executive Director Paul Campbell said. They previously said the package was a laptop.
After TSA screeners determined that the iPad “didn't look exactly right,” the building was evacuated and the bomb squad called in, Campbell said. They did not explain why the iPad appeared suspicious to TSA personnel.
“We erred on the side of caution,” Campbell said at an airport news conference, a video of which was posted on the airport's Twitter page.
The bomb squad determined that the iPad posed no threat, and its owner, after being questioned by law enforcement authorities, was released and rebooked on a flight, Campbell said.
The airport reopened shortly after 7 a.m., with passengers lining up at security checkpoints, ticket counters and gates.
“We apologise for the delay, but we're not going to sacrifice safety for any reason, any reason at all,” Campbell said.
A row of houses are seen in London, Britain June 3, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett
LONDON British house prices fell for a second month in a row in April, suggesting households are feeling the pinch from rising inflation since last year's Brexit vote and low wage growth, data from mortgage lender Nationwide showed on Friday.
Nationwide said house prices declined by a monthly 0.4 percent following a fall of 0.3 percent in March which had been the first drop since mid-2015.
In annual terms, prices were 2.6 percent higher, the weakest increase in almost four years.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected house prices to rise by 0.1 percent in April from March and by 3.3 percent in annual terms.
Britain's households are facing a loss of spending power due to rising inflation - aggravated by the fall in the pound since last year's referendum decision to leave the European Union - which is starting to outpace wage growth.
A survey published earlier on Friday showed British consumers were their most gloomy in four months in April as they weighed up the outlook for the economy and their finances ahead of Brexit and June's general election.
The last time Nationwide reported two consecutive months of house price falls in monthly terms was in mid-2012.
"While monthly figures can be volatile, the recent softening in price growth may be a further indication that households are starting to react to the emerging squeeze on real incomes or to affordability pressures in key parts of the country," Nationwide economist Robert Gardner said.
The slowdown in the housing market might also reflect the strong pace of price increases with a typical home now costing 6.1 times average earnings, close to an all-time high of 6.4 times in 2007, before the financial crisis, Gardner said.
However, low levels of building and a shortage of properties on the market would provide some support for prices.
"We continue to believe that a small increase in house prices of around 2 percent is likely over the course of 2017 as a whole," Gardner said.
(Writing by William Schomberg; editing by Richard Lough)
MOSCOW A suspected suicide bomber thought to be responsible for a deadly blast in the St Petersburg metro on Monday had links with radical Islamist groups banned in Russia, a law enforcement source told Interfax news agency.
The source added that remains found at the scene of the blast suggested that a suicide bomber was responsible but that final conclusions would be made after DNA tests had been conducted.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; Editing by Alison Williams)
HONG KONG/SHANGHAI, March 28 China Huishan Dairy Holdings Co Ltd on Tuesday said that it had fallen behind with some loan repayments but denied media reports that its chairperson had misappropriated company funds or that the firm had issued forged invoices.
The dairy firm's stock plunged 85 percent on Friday wiping off about $4 billion from its market value, hurt by unverified reports about the company's finances. The firm has previously come under attack from U.S.-based short-seller Muddy Waters.
In a Hong Kong exchange filing, Huishan said it had been "late in some bank payments" and that it had asked the regional Liaoning government for support and convened a meeting with 23 creditor banks last week to ask for loans to be rolled over.
It said the Liaoning government had proposed an "action plan" to solve any overdue interest payments within two weeks and to help bolster the group's liquidity within a month.
But it added that it was facing an increasingly challenging environment and given its share price fall, there was "no assurance" as to the continued support of its creditors.
The firm said media reports that Bank of China had conducted an audit of the firm and found a large number of forged invoices and that the firm's controlling shareholder had misappropriated up to 3 billion yuan were false.
"The Company categorically denies having approved the issue of any forged invoices and does not believe there to be any misappropriation," it said in the statement. It added Bank of China had assured the firm no such audit had been carried out.
In December, short-seller Muddy Waters questioned Huishan's profits and said it had inflated spending on its cattle farms to artificially raise capital expenditure figures - an attack that also led to a trading suspension.
The company also said it had not been able to reach one of its executive directors in charge of the firm's finances and cash since March 21, when they indicated work stress and said they would take a leave of absence.
The company's shares, halted since March 24, will continue to suspended until the board can get more clarity on the firm's financial position. (Reporting by Donny Kwok and Adam Jourdan; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Rugby-Rebels coach McGahan to depart at end of season
MELBOURNE, June 15 Melbourne Rebels coach Tony McGahan will finish their tenure at the end of the season, the struggling Super Rugby team said on Thursday, a decision which both parties said was "in the best interests" of the club.
Bolivian Ambassador Eduardo Rodriguez Veltze made a demand to the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague on Monday, urging senior judges to force Chile into talks.
Bolivia, which lost its entire coastline to Chile in a war from 1879 to 1893, accuses Chile of reneging on promises to negotiate.
In their opening argument, Bolivian lawyers said they were not asking for a ruling, but merely to ensure "that Chile return to the negotiating table in good faith."
Read more: Columbus Day: A controversial commemoration
The present-day borders between Bolivia, Chile and Peru were fixed after the War of the Pacific
Bolivia landlocked since 1904
Bolivia has said it wants "sovereign access to the sea," a term thought to refer to the establishment of a land corridor and port under its control.
"For 150 years Bolivia has suffered the historical injustice of being landlocked," said lawyer and former Bolivian President Veltze. They added that Chile had repeatedly made many promises "to reconnect Bolivia to the sea."
Chile argues that the matter was resolved in a 1904 peace treaty that fixes the current boundaries, but in a 2015 ruling the ICJ decided that it had jurisdiction over the case.
Chile says that Bolivia, which must pay for commercial access to Chilean ports, already has access to the sea on favorable terms.
Watch video 01:36 Share How Lake Titicaca became a waste dump Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2YW2Q How Lake Titicaca became a waste dump
Outside the court, Chilean Foreign Minister Roberto Ampuero told journalists that the Bolivian testimony "made a lot of references to history but did not have much accompanying elaboration on legal matters."
The War of the Pacific, which settled the current borders of Bolivia, Chile, and Peru, saw Bolivia lose some 400 kilometers (250 miles) of coastline.
Bolivia has the largest navy of any landlocked country in the world. Its boats patrol the country's Amazon tributaries and Lake Titicaca — the highest navigable lake in the world.
The Bolivian Navy also exists to keep alive the country's maritime sensibilities and each year turns out in full uniform for national Day of the Sea celebrations.
Earlier this month, Bolivian protesters unfurled a bright-blue flag that was some 200 kilometers long in a show of support for the country's legal request.
Watch video 00:53 'World's biggest flag'
rc/kl (AFP, AP, dpa)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
* Q4 profit 185 mln shekels vs 258 mln forecast
* Bezeq looking to merge its various business units
* Mobile unit Pelephone Q4 profit slides 73 pct (Adds CEO, analyst comments)
By Steven Scheer
JERUSALEM, March 30 Bezeq Israel Telecom urged the government to allow it to merge its various units to improve efficiency, as it reported a 50 percent drop in quarterly net profit, weighed down by an early retirement provision and other one-time expenses.
Israel's dominant telecoms operator has long argued for an end to its "structural separation", which forces it to keep its mobile phone, fixed line, satellite TV and internet units as separate entities.
In late 2016, Israel's telecoms regulator said it would likely allow Bezeq to merge its units but the prospect has angered politicians, competitors and the public who are wary of Bezeq becoming more powerful, and the issue is on hold.
"In today's new competitive era the time has come to cancel the structural separation," Bezeq CEO Stella Handler said on Thursday. "This will allow consumers to benefit from a fully competitive market as well as improved service and pricing, while enabling Bezeq to become more efficient and save unnecessary costs."
Its shares were up 0.4 percent at 6.48 shekels but have lost 11.5 percent since the start of 2017.
Barclays analyst Tavy Rosner believes the sell-off is overdone and sees Bezeq's shares reaching 8 shekels without the end to structural separation.
"While it is clear to us that merging Bezeq's units would unlock significant value, we continue to argue that investors should value Bezeq in its current structure," they said.
Bezeq earned 185 million shekels ($51 million) in the fourth quarter, down from 369 million a year earlier and below a forecast of 258 million shekels in a Reuters poll of analysts. It booked one-off items of more than 200 million shekels in the quarter.
Revenue dipped 4 percent to 2.5 billion shekels.
Bezeq estimated 2017 net profit at 1.4 billion shekels, compared with net profit in 2016 of 1.24 billion.
It declared a dividend of 578 million shekels for the second half of 2016, a distribution of 100 percent of net profit.
In Bezeq's fixed-line segment, where it makes most of its revenue, fourth-quarter profit dropped 31 percent.
Its Pelephone unit, Israel's third-largest mobile operator which faces stiff competition, saw a 73 percent fall in fourth-quarter profit to 3 million shekels, as its subscriber base slipped to 2.4 million in 2016 from 2.65 million in 2015.
Pelephone rival Partner Communications reported a narrower fourth-quarter loss.
($1 = 3.6206 shekels) (Reporting by Steven Scheer; Editing by Tova Cohen and Mark Potter)
* Lawmakers resolve to pass new budget by May
* Only 214 people in Nigeria pay tax over $65,000
* OPEC nation experiencing first recession in 25 years (Adds capital spending circular)
ABUJA, March 30 Nigeria's parliament resolved to pass the 2017 budget more swiftly than last year and avoid a repeated delay of the spending plan being signed into law, the Senate said on Thursday, as the OPEC member struggled with its balance sheet.
The budget must be agreed by lawmakers before it can be signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari, who is facing rising criticism over their handling of Africa's largest economy.
Buhari presented their record 7.298 trillion naira ($23.2 billion) 2017 budget to lawmakers in December and returned to Nigeria from Britain in March after nearly two months of medical leave for an unspecified illness.
The latest budget aims to pull Nigeria out of its first recession in 25 years, largely caused by low oil prices and attacks on energy facilities in its Niger Delta oil hub.
Under pressure to find news sources of income, the government needs to control endemic corruption and a loose tax policy that allows many to gorge off Nigeria's oil production, hide their wealth and avoid filling the public coffers.
The Nigerian government said on its official Twitter account on Thursday that only 214 individuals in the entire country pay 20 million naira or more ($65,232) in tax annually.
That low number does not reflect the riches amongst Nigeria's population of more than 180 million, with no shortage of ultra-wealthy individuals sitting on some of the largest oil reserves in the world.
The lack of taxation, one of the lowest rates in the world at just 6 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), has been a thorn in Nigeria's side for decades. But the issue has come to a head in recent months as the government tries to secure loans of at least $1.4 billion from international lenders.
Months of disagreements over the details of last year's budget - passed in May 2016 - also deepened the economic crisis.
Lawmakers had hoped to pass this year's budget before the end of March, but on Monday the senator who chairs the budget committee said it was likely to be passed before May and last year's budget remains valid until May 5.
Late on Wednesday, the finance ministry said the accountant-general had issued a circular extending the tenure of capital spending projects outlined in the 2016 Budget until May 5 or the passage of the 2017 budget, whichever is earliest.
The finance ministry this week said capital released to ministries and government agencies under the 2016 budget had reached a record 1 trillion naira ($3.3 billion).
Nigeria released an Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP) for 2017 to 2020 in early March which called for an increase in taxation on luxury goods and a potential rise in value-added tax but economists have said that won't be enough. ($1 = 305.4500 naira) (Reporting by Alexis Akwagyiram, Paul Carsten and Felix Onuah; Editing by Julia Glover)
FILE PHOTO: A doctor checks the blood pressure of a patient in downtown Los Angeles, U.S., on July 30, 2007. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
ATLANTA African-Americans are generally living longer than in 2000, but health disparities mean they are still more likely to die at a younger age on average than whites, a federal study showed on Tuesday.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) study of data from 1999 to 2015 shows that younger black people in their 20s, 30s and 40s are living with, or dying from, diseases that are typically seen in older people.
"The disparity in deaths between the white and black populations is closing. Even so, critical disparities remain," Leandris Liburd, associate director of CDC's Office of Minority Health and Health Equity, said in a conference call.
The death rate, which is usually calculated as deaths per 1,000 people per year, fell 25 percent for African-Americans during the 17-year period, mostly for those aged 65 and older, the CDC said.
In 2014, life expectancy was 75.6 years for blacks and 79 years for whites, which was an increase since 2000 of 3.8 years for blacks and 1.7 years for whites, the CDC said.
However, the study also said "blacks have the highest death rate and shorter survival rate for all cancers combined compared with whites in the United States."
In addition, death rates from heart disease, cancer, diabetes mellitus and homicide have been increasing at earlier ages among blacks than among whites, the CDC study said.
"Blacks were more likely to be obese, to have no leisure time physical activity and less likely to have a normal body weight in all age groups compared with whites," according to the study.
Timothy Cunningham, a CDC epidemiologist and the study's lead author, said on the conference call: "Across all age groups, homicide among blacks has two-and-a-half times the death rate as HIV and three-and-a-half times the death rate as suicide."
The death rate for homicide among blacks has remained unchanged from 1999 to 2015, the study showed.
Deaths from HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, among blacks aged 18 to 49 dropped 80 percent over the period of the study. But blacks in the United States still remain seven to nine times more likely to die from HIV than whites, the study said.
The CDC based its report on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, the National Vital Statistics System and its own Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System.
(Reporting by David Beasley; editing by Ian Simpson, G Crosse)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
ROME Italy's Industry Minister Carlo Calenda is set to appoint three commissioners to run Alitalia after the airline asked to be placed under special administration, a source close to the matter said on Tuesday.
The commissioners will include Luigi Gubitosi, Alitalia's chairperson elect, and Enrico Laghi, who served as one of the special commissioners managing the restructuring of Italian steel plant Ilva, the person added.
Alitalia on Tuesday requested to be put under special administration after workers rejected management's latest revamp plan -- kicking off a process that will lead to the carrier being overhauled, sold off or wound up altogether.
(Reporting by Alberto Sisto, writing by Agnieszka Flak, editing by Valentina Za)
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall; weak U.S data spurs safe-haven demand
* Weaker U.S. retail sales, consumer inflation hurt dollar * Report of Trump probe hits risk sentiment (Updates prices) By Nithin ThomasPrasad BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice. Weaker U.S. retail and inflation data overshadowed a ra
Thalaiva, as Rajinikanth is fondly called by the audiences, is celebrating their birthday today (December 12, 2017). The biggest ever superstar of Indian cinema has a couple of big movie releases in the pipeline and their fans and the entire movie audiences are eagerly awaiting for the grand release of their movies.
One among those movies is Kaala, which marks the second association of Rajinikanth and popular film-maker Pa.Ranjith. Initially, the makers had come up with a couple of posters of the movie, which became a sensation in the online circuits. Now, on the birthday of Rajinikanth, the makers of Kaala have given a big surprise to all of their fans. Keep scrolling down to know more..
BOSTON (Reuters) - A group representing large investors voiced concern that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is undoing protections for shareholders to bring proxy resolutions opposed by management.
Ken Bertsch, executive director of the Council of Institutional Investors, said their group disagreed with recent SEC decisions allowing companies including electric utility AES Corp to craft their own rules on the right to call special investor meetings, in place of versions proposed by shareholders.
“AES is playing games with this,” Bertsch said in a telephone interview late on Thursday, adding that existing guidance from the top U.S. securities regulator should have been enough to protect the resolutions.
The council, whose members include big pension funds and asset managers like BlackRock Inc and Vanguard Group, raised its concerns to the SEC directly in a Jan. 31 letter seen by Reuters.
Under Chairman Jay Clayton the SEC has taken steps seen as favoring businesses, such as allowing companies to confidentially file paperwork for initial public offerings. Clayton said at a November conference they hoped to reconcile concerns about the cost of shareholder resolutions with the corporate governance improvements they can bring about.
Spokespeople for AES and the SEC declined to comment, and the SEC did not make Clayton available for an interview.
Shareholder resolutions have taken on a new importance as fund firms seek money from investors concerned about climate change and corporate governance. [nL1N1IX15V]
The SEC has already taken steps that could raise the bar for filers, such as allowing more resolutions to be skipped as “ordinary business.” [nL1N1OX1EX]
The AES resolution and a similar one at CF Industries Holdings Inc were filed by independent investor John Chevedden. Both called for shareholders with at least 10 percent of shares to be able to call special meetings, which can put pressure on management.
The companies requested SEC permission to leave the proposals off their proxies. Each company said it planned instead to offer shareholders a resolution to set the special meeting threshold at 25 percent of shares, a higher standard that could protect executives and directors.
The SEC sided with AES in December, and with CF on Jan. 30, saying Chevedden's measures conflicted with the management proposals. A CF spokesperson did not respond to messages.
In an interview, Chevedden said shareholders could logically vote for both standards to see which had more support. Now, they said, shareholders would “only get to hear management's side.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - QNB FINANSBANK AS:
* FY 2017 NET PROFIT 1.60 BILLION VERSUS 1.20 BILLION YEAR AGO‍​
* FY 2017 NET INTEREST INCOME 5.65 BILLION VERSUS 4.50 BILLION YEAR AGO
* FY 2017 NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME OR EXPENSES 1.69 BILLION VERSUS 1.36 BILLION YEAR AGO
* NON-PERFORMING LOANS AT THE END OF 2017 AT 4.33 BILLION VERSUS 3.84 BILLION YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 10 Beijing Enlight Media Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 6 percent to 20 percent, or to be 170 million yuan to 200 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (212.7 million yuan)
* Says increased costs and investment as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/yH8uG0
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Euro, Hong Kong dollar, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, pound and Chinese 100 yuan banknotes are seen in this picture illustration, January 21, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee/Illustration/File Photo
NEW YORK The dollar edged lower on Monday as U.S. Treasury yields dipped and traders consolidated Friday's gains on low volume to start the holiday-shortened U.S. trading week.
Investors were trading cautiously ahead of remarks from Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen later on Monday and as investors looked towards U.S. retail sales data and a reading on consumer sentiment due later this week, analysts said.
"We're just seeing some range trading right now," said Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions in Washington. "There's still a caution in the air ahead of big numbers later in the week on the all-important consumer. That's capping upside at the moment."
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major currencies, rose to 101.34 in Asian trading, its highest since March 15. But that move reversed as North American trading opened and Treasury yields fell.
The index was last down 0.15 percent at 101.03, near its lows on the day.
New York Fed President William Dudley said on Friday that the Fed might avoid raising interest rates at the same time that it begins shrinking its balance sheet, prompting only a "little pause" in the central bank's rate hike plans.
Currency strategist Alvin Tan with Société Générale in London said the greenback's move overnight was a continuation from Friday following Dudley's comments.
Yellen is expected to make a speech at the University of Michigan's Ford School of Public Policy at 4:10 p.m. on Monday.
Investors will be parsing Yellen's comments to see if they back Dudley's stance on reducing the U.S. central bank's balance sheet or slowing the pace of interest rate tightening, said Erik Nelson, currency strategist at Wells Fargo Securities in New York.
"If she, perhaps, corroborates some of their more hawkish comments, that could support the dollar," Nelson said. They noted, however, that the chair is generally quite measured in their public comments, giving markets little reason to be bullish.
The dollar was little changed against the yen at 111.15 yen, retracing earlier gains.
The euro was 0.1 percent higher against the dollar at $1.0602 after earlier falling to its lowest since March 9.
Volume was lower than usual due to many traders being away for the Passover and Easter holiday breaks.
(Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Dan Grebler)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
March 29Jiangsu Hongdou Industrial Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 1 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 1 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/DnOfuj
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 10 Innoviva Inc:
* Innoviva announces $50 million partial royalty notes redemption
* Innoviva Inc - Innoviva will prepay $50 million in outstanding principal, representing a substantial portion of co's $150 million capital return plan for 2017
* Innoviva Inc - announced that on May 15, 2017, next interest payment date under its non-recourse royalty notes due 2029 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Reuters Health) - Omega-3 fatty acid dietary supplements may not help reduce the risk of heart problems in people already at high risk, a research review suggests.
The American Heart Association recommends eating at least two servings of fish a week and considering supplements of omega-3 fatty acids when that's not possible. Previous research has linked omega-3s to a lower risk of abnormal heartbeats, fewer fats in the blood, reduced risk of artery-clogging deposits known as plaque, and slightly lower blood pressure.
For the current study, researchers examined data from 10 trials with a total of 77,917 participants with a previous heart attack or stroke or health problems like diabetes. Most had been randomly assigned to take either omega-3 fatty acid supplements or a placebo, or dummy pill, for at least one year.
Overall, participants were 64 years old on average when they joined the trials, and they were followed for an average of 4.4 years. During follow-up, 2,695 people (3.5 percent) died from heart disease, while 2,276 (2.9 percent) had nonfatal heart attacks, 1,713 (2.2 percent) had strokes and 6,603 (8.5 percent) had procedures to reopen clogged arteries.
Risks for these outcomes were the same whether or not people took omega-3 fatty acid supplements, researchers report in JAMA Cardiology.
“The results . . . demonstrated no beneficial effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplements for prevention of cardiovascular disease, overall, or on any subtype of cardiovascular disease, or on cardiovascular disease in any subgroup of the population,” said senior study author Dr. Robert Clarke, a public health researcher at the University of Oxford in the UK.
“Thus, the results . . . provide no support for the current guidelines of the American Heart Association that advocate that patients with prior coronary heart disease take omega-3 fatty acid supplements for the prevention of cardiovascular disease,” Clarke said by email.
Most of the trials in the current study included different doses and combinations of two omega-3s: EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid) and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid). Across the trials, people took these supplements for an average of one to six years.
While taking these supplements appeared tied to a slightly lower risk of death from heart disease, nonfatal heart attacks, and all coronary heart disease events, the differences in each case were too small to rule out the possibility that they were due to chance.
One limitation of the study was the wide variation in study designs for the randomized trials, the authors note. Another drawback is the lack of data on smoking status or detailed cancer history for individual participants, both of which might independently impact the odds of developing heart disease or dying from it.
Even if there isn't overwhelming evidence that omega-3 supplements protect against heart disease, it still may be a reasonable choice for patients because the supplements are inexpensive and safe with virtually no serious side effects, said Dr. Carl Lavie, medical director of the cardiac rehabilitation program and preventive cardiology at the John Ochsner Heart and Vascular Institute at the University of Queensland School of Medicine in New Orleans, Louisiana.
“So the evidence for omega-3 does not have to be nearly at the same level of expensive and risky medications and devices,” Lavie, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email. “The fact is that a lot of our patients who oppose many therapies are very happy to use things like omega-3 supplements, and this should not be ignored.”
People already taking omega-3 supplements shouldn't stop, and there are other reasons beyond just heart health to consider this option, said Dr. Dominik Alexander, a researcher at the EpidStat Institute in Ann Arbor, Michigan, who wasn't involved in the study.
“In addition to maintaining a healthy body weight, habitually engaging in physical activity, and not smoking, consumers should regularly eat fatty fish as part of a well-balanced diet or supplement their diets with a high quality omega-3 supplement,” Alexander said by email. “The heart health benefits are well documented, and there may be other important health benefits as well, including memory, cognition and eye health.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2BQ4QH2 JAMA Cardiology, online January 31, 2018.
BERLIN Deep and "unbreakable" ties between Germany and Israel are part of Germany's national identity and pillars of its foreign policy, but Berlin will continue to press for a two-state solution, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Sunday.
"With respect to the Middle East conflict, our solidarity with Israel also means working to ensure that Israel and Palestine can live side by side in dignity and peace," Gabriel said in a statement released as they departed for the region.
"Only a two-state solution will be sustainable," they said.
Gabriel's visit, their first since becoming foreign minister in January, comes as German concerns about Israeli settlement building have dragged ties to their lowest point in years.
German governments have made strong relations with Israel a top priority ever since World War Two, going to great lengths to make amends for the killing of six million Jews by the Nazis.
Gabriel will visit the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial on Monday and meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Israel and Palestinian government officials, their spokesperson Martin Schaefer told reporters on Friday.
"We do not believe that the current situation is sustainable," Schaefer said. "We think it's necessary to make another attempt to revive talks and negotiations in the framework of the Middle East process."
Lack of progress on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict poses a long-term threat to Israel, Norbert Roettgen, head of Germany's parliamentary foreign affairs committee, told broadcaster Deutschlandfunk on Sunday.
They said relations between the two countries remained deep and important, but also cited "grave differences of opinion".
"All those who care deeply about Israel ... are sad, even depressed, about how entrenched everything is, and how much Israel is relying on its military-police superiority and is not developing any perspectives for the situation," they said.
Roettgen said Israel was profiting from tensions elsewhere in the region, which had shifted the focus away from the Israeli-Palestinian issue, and in-fighting among Palestinians.
That had short-term security advantages, but the underlying situation was growing worse and more negative, they said, adding, "That is a real threat for Israel in the longer term."
Merkel in March cancelled a summit with Netanyahu that was due to occur in Jerusalem in May, and said they were worried that Israel's building of settlements in the occupied West Bank was undermining progress towards a two-state solution.
Peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians have been frozen since 2014 and settlements are one of the most heated issues. Palestinians want the West Bank and East Jerusalem for their own state, along with the Gaza Strip.
Ceremonies took place across Germany over the weekend to mark Holocaust-related events, including the liberation of the women's concentration centre in Ravensbrueck.
A new report issued on anti-Semitism worldwide by the European Jewish Congress said many members of Jewish communities in Germany still perceived anti-Semitism as a major threat, despite a drop in such incidents in official statistics.
An estimated 250,000 to 500,000 Jews live in Germany, and attitudes toward Jews have improved dramatically since the 1990s. However the new report said growing extreme right-wing and populist movements were fuelling open anti-Semitism.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt and Jason Neely)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143381/request-sample
Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-anti-bacteria-aluminum-composite-panels-market-professional-survey-143381.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
PODGORICA Montenegro's parliament ratified the membership agreement with NATO on Friday, taking the former Yugoslav republic a step closer to becoming the 29th member of the alliance despite protests over its 1999 bombing campaign.
Outside the parliament, where 46 of 81 deputies voted in favour of the agreement, several hundred anti-NATO supporters burned the NATO flag and demand a referendum on membership.
Montenegro's accession would mark the first expansion of NATO ranks into ex-Communist eastern Europe since its neighbours Albania and Croatia joined in 2009, and the first since relations between Russia and the West hit a post-Cold War low with the outbreak of war in Ukraine.
"NATO membership will provide a safer and better life for all citizens in Montenegro," Prime Minister Dusko Markovic told the parliament session, held in the town of Cetinje, the royal seat of the mediaeval state.
The population remains deeply divided over membership, with many angry over the alliance's 1999 bombing of Serbia to halt the killing and expulsion of ethnic Albanians in Serbia's then southern province of Kosovo. NATO planes also bombed Montenegro, then part of a rump Yugoslavia with Serbia, arguing its targets were part of the war machine.
Former president Momir Bulatovic, once a close ally of Serbian strongman Slobodan Milosevic, said Friday was "a sad day." Bulatovic told protesters: "I feel humiliated as this decision has been taken on my behalf."
All but two of the NATO allies have now ratified the accord, which is strongly opposed by Russia, which has strong historical and cultural ties to Montenegro. Podgorica hopes to formally join NATO at a summit next month.
Montenegro has a population of 650,000 and a military of only 2,000, but it is strategically positioned along the Adriatic coast and surrounded by NATO members or hopefuls, except Serbia which maintains military neutrality.
Russia's foreign ministry said in a statement: "Given the potential of Montenegro, the North Atlantic alliance is unlikely to receive any significant 'added value'.
"But in Moscow we cannot ignore the strategic consequences of this step. Therefore, we reserve the right to take such decisions, which are intended at protecting our interests and national security."
(Additional reporting by Jack Stubbs in Moscow; Writing by Ivana Sekularac; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Media Contact
jfreedman@thebrandonagency.com
End
-- The Brandon Agency (http://www.thebrandonagency.com/)welcomes colleagues, friends and area business leaders to donate blood on Wednesday, June 13, from 10 a.m. until 3 p.m. The American Red Cross (http://www.redcrossblood.org/)will park its state-of-the-art Bloodmobile in the front parking lot of the agency's office at 3023 Church Street in Myrtle Beach. The donation process takes about an hour from the time you arrive until the time you leave, and the donation itself takes only about 8-10 minutes on average.Every day, blood donors help patients of all ages — accident and burn victims, heart-surgery and organ-transplant patients, and this battling cancer. In fact, every two seconds, someone in the United States needs blood. A single, lifesaving donation can potentially help up to three patients. This blood drive is a part of the agency's mission to host multiple charitable endeavors each quarter."The Brandon Agency is committed to strengthening our community and helping meet hospital and patient needs through blood donations," said Scott Brandon, CEO of The Brandon Agency. "This blood drive is our way of giving staff, colleagues and neighbors an opportunity to help save lives."Blood is a perishable product that can only come from volunteer blood donors. With someone in the U.S. needing blood every two seconds, blood products must be constantly replenished, according to the Red Cross."We urge community members to donate blood and help ensure that patients in local hospitals have a supply of blood ready and waiting before an emergency occurs," Brandon continued. "There's no better feeling than knowing that your blood donation may give someone a second chance at life."If you are interested in giving blood at The Brandon Agency ( http://www.redcrossblood.org/ give/drive/driveSearchList.j... ) or your local American Red Cross donation center, please visit redcrossblood.org ( http://www.redcrossblood.org/ ).About the American Red Cross:The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation's blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org (http://www.redcross.org/)or cruzrojaamericana.org (http://www.cruzrojaamericana.org/), or visit the organization on Twitter at @RedCross (https://twitter.com/redcross).About The Brandon Agency:The Brandon Agency (http://www.thebrandonagency.com/)is one of only 24 certified and accredited brand strategist agencies in the United States. As a digitally minded, fully integrated national firm, The Brandon Agency consists of smart, results-obsessed experts who consult and advise clients while delivering revolutionary business-building ideas. With offices in Charleston, S.C.; Myrtle Beach, S.C.; Charlotte, N.C.; Chattanooga, Tenn.; Breckenridge, Colo.; and Orlando, Fla., The Brandon Agency has much more to offer than a traditional ad agency. Equal parts business consultant, technologist, analyst and marketer, the agency expertly guides businesses toward growth and success. With a worldwide team of more than 100 and total billings topping $87 million in 2017, The Brandon Agency has powered successful programs and campaigns for hundreds of national brands in a variety of industries, including banking and finance, e-commerce, food service, healthcare, real estate, technology and tourism.Erin Heaney, eheaney@thebrandonagency.com, (843) 916-2000Jake Freedman, jfreedman@thebrandonagency.com, (843) 916-2000
DUBLIN Ireland's annual inflation rate hit its highest level in almost four years in March when prices rose 0.7 percent both on a monthly and year-on-year basis, data from the Central Statistics Office showed on Thursday.
Consumer prices last rose at that pace in July 2013, while Ireland was still in an international bailout and before a sharp economic recovery took off. Inflation has since remained broadly flat in the European Union's fastest growing economy.
The Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP), which strips out mortgages, climbed 0.5 percent on the month and 0.3 percent on the year. The finance ministry forecast this week that HICP would grow by 0.6 percent in 2017 and 1.2 percent in 2018.
(Reporting by Padraic Halpin; editing by John Stonestreet)
Security barriers placed near to Windsor Castle are seen in Windsor, Britain March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
A police car passes through security barriers placed near to Windsor Castle in Windsor, Britain March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Security barriers placed near to Windsor Castle are seen in Windsor, Britain March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Security barriers placed near to Windsor Castle are seen in Windsor, Britain March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
An armed police officer stands with a colleague at an entrance to Windsor Castle, near to where security barriers have been placed, in Windsor, Britain March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON Police erected new barriers around Queen Elizabeth's Windsor Castle home on Tuesday to boost protection a week after a man killed four people in an attack around parliament in central London.
The additional measures followed a review of security at Windsor, the oldest and largest inhabited castle in the world located about 20 miles (32 km) to the west of the British capital, police said.
The new barriers were put in place ahead of the regular "Changing the Guard" ceremony on Wednesday which sees soldiers in scarlet tunics and bearskin hats parade with an army band through the town of Windsor before heading into the castle.
The ceremony is hugely popular with tourists with more than 1.3 million people visiting the castle every year. Police said the new barriers in Windsor would be in addition to usual road closures.
"While there is no intelligence to indicate a specific threat to Windsor, recent events in Westminster clearly highlight the need for extra security measures to be introduced," said Assistant Chief Constable Dave Hardcastle of Thames Valley Police.
"The force believes that it is proportionate and necessary to put in place extra security measures to further protect and support the public and the Guard Change."
Last Wednesday, Khalid Masood, 52, killed three and injured about 50 people after driving a car into pedestrians on London's Westminster Bridge before fatally stabbing a police officer in the grounds of parliament before they were shot dead.
Detectives said they believe they were acting alone.
(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Stephen Addison)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
HELSINKI Finland's Kone Oyj, the world's second-biggest elevator maker, on Thursday reported its first year-on-year decline in core operating profit in 48 quarters, knocking its shares.
Kone had until now managed to protect its profits from a downturn in China, the world's biggest elevator market that generates third of the company's sales.
First-quarter operating profit decreased 1.7 percent from a year ago to 218 million euros ($238 million). The last time Kone reported a year-on-year fall in adjusted operating profit was in the fourth quarter of 2004, the company calculated.
"It is clear that we are not satisfied when operating profit falls, and we will take action to address that," Chief Executive Henrik Ehrnrooth told Reuters.
Kone's shares were down 2.9 percent by 1324 GMT as both profit and quarterly order intake came in slightly below market expectations.
But Kone raised its full-year sales and profit forecasts slightly, saying the Chinese market was now showing early signs of stabilization after two years of declines.
Ehrnrooth said its new equipment order volumes in China stabilized in the first quarter, and that market prices had also started to stabilize.
But the company repeated its forecast that installations in China would likely decline 0–5 percent in units ordered and said competition would continue to be intense.
With growth now coming from North America, Europe and its service business, Kone expects its global sales to grow 0-3 percent this year, whereas it had previously forecast that sales could be down 1 percent or rise by up to 3 percent.
Operating profit for 2017 is forecast to be in the 1.20-1.29 billion euro range, compared to a previous estimate of 1.18–1.30 billion euros, Kone said.
Otis, owned by U.S. group United Technologies, is the market leader ahead of Kone, which is bigger than Switzerland's Schindler and German rival ThyssenKrupp in the elevator industry.
(Editing by Alexander Smith. Editing by Jane Merriman)
GENEVA Eleven people have died and five are in hospital, Liberian officials said on Friday, after contracting a mystery illness the World Health Organisation (WHO) said was linked to attendance at the funeral of a religious leader.
"We are still investigating. The only thing we have ruled out is ... Ebola," said Liberia's Chief Medical Officer Francis Kateh, adding samples from the victims had been sent abroad for further testing.
On Wednesday, the WHO said Liberian health authorities were taking rapid precautionary steps after eight people died of a mystery illness, 10 months after the end of a two-year Ebola virus outbreak.
"It seems all of these people were attending the funeral of a religious leader," WHO spokesperson Fadela Chaib told a briefing in Geneva.
"They have taken samples from the dead bodies and all the samples came back negative for Ebola. They will be looking of course for other haemorrhagic fevers and for bacteria, if there was any common exposure to water contamination or food contamination," they said.
Five people remain under observation in hospital in Sinoe county, a four-hour drive southeast of the capital Monrovia, and four have been discharged, Kateh said. The symptoms include fever, vomiting and diarrhoea, said Chaib.
Hospital staff are wearing protective equipment and contacts of the sick are being traced in the community to see if they have fallen ill, they added.
"WHO, CDC (U.S. Centers for Disease Control) and other partners are providing technical and logistical support to the rapid response team that has been activated at district and county levels," Chaib said.
In June last year, the WHO declared Liberia free of active Ebola virus transmission, the last of three West African countries at the epicentre of the world's worst outbreak of the disease. The epidemic killed more than 11,300 people and infected some 28,600 from 2013 as it swept through Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, according to WHO data.
A WHO advisory group of vaccine experts is due later on Friday to issue their findings after a three-day regular meeting on vaccines. The statement would include an update on "efficacy, safety and timelines for licensing Ebola vaccines", Chaib said.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Additional reporting by James Harding Giahyue in Monrovia; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Displaced Iraqis who had fled their homes washes their boy with water at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul, Iraq April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
An Iraqi cover their hand with sand from a sulfur pond at Hammam al-Alil city south of Mosul, Iraq April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
An Iraqi cover their boy with sand from a sulfur pond at Hammam al-Alil city south of Mosul, Iraq April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
An Iraqi cover their boy with sand from a sulfur pond at Hammam al-Alil city south of Mosul, Iraq April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
HAMMAM AL-ALIL, Iraq Some Iraqis in this town get massages in a spa or take muddy baths and relax in the morning sun on the banks of the Tigris. Others beg for food or rise at dawn to queue for water.
Hammam al-Alil, a town south of Mosul once famous throughout Iraq for its healing hot waters, is back in business after a U.S.-backed offensive retook the area from Islamic State militants and authorities reopened its spa.
This oasis of leisure now coexists, however, with camps housing more than 30,000 of the people displaced in the region by the campaign to dislodge Islamic State from Mosul, its the last major city stronghold in Iraq.
"I come here three times a week," said 47-year old Ali Qader, a retired soldier, after showering with water from a natural spring. "It's refreshing and good for your skin."
Residents have been flocking back since Islamic State was expelled from the town in early November, ending the days when bathers had to wear a tunic covering them from knee to navel as part of the Sunni Muslim movement's strict modesty code.
"If you had only swimwear, Daesh (Islamic State) would whip you," said Wael Abdullah, 12, before diving into a pool.
"The hisbah came checking that everyone had the right dress," they said, referring to the religious police that monitored everything from men's beards to women's veils.
Across the street is an indoor pool where locals and soldiers taking a day off from the front get a soapy massage.
The spa used to be magnet for wellness tourists and rheumatism patients but had passed its heyday even before the Islamist militants arrived in 2014.
"We used to have visitors from Baghdad, the south and even the Gulf, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia," said Latif Mohammed, who was hired to help run the spa for 10,000 Iraqi dinars ($8.58) a day. "It was built in the '80s but needs refurbishing."
The elegant hotels at the spa are now shuttered or bombed out because Islamic State fighters used to live there. A machine gun nest at the entrance shatters any sense of normality.
On Monday, the spa opened only at noon due to rumors of an Islamic State attack, said a federal police officer.
SPA TOWN CAMP
Upgrading the baths is probably the last priority for officials who, just 2 km (1.25 miles) away, also have to run one of the biggest camps for people fleeing the battle of Mosul.
Every five minutes or so, a bus pulls into Hammam al-Alil with more new arrivals. Up to 5,000 people come every day from the district or across the frontlines around Mosul, around 30 km (19 miles) to the north.
The United Nations said on Tuesday the total number of displaced since the offensive began in October had exceeded 300,000 and camps for them are being expanded to take in even more people expected to flee the fighting in and around Mosul's densely populated old city.
With tents packed sometimes with two families in one some spend their first night in a mass tent or outside. Many are in state of shock.
"We left at 1 a.m. to avoid Daesh snipers walking to the army checkpoint and arrived here in the evening," said 20-year old Omar Abdullah, who came with 20 family and fiends.
"We didn't get a place in Hammam al-Alil so we went to a mosque where the preacher took us to their apartment. Now we'll try another camp," they said.
While there's plenty of hot water at the spa, women in the tent city rise early to queue for the water truck that comes once a day.
"We have some 200 spa visitors everyday, locals, soldiers," said Mohammed, the spa worker. "There are also displaced people but many can't afford the 1,000 dinars entrance fee."
(Editing by Tom Heneghan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds details, background throughout) By Charlotte Greenfield WELLINGTON, May 3 Global dairy prices rose on Wednesday for the fourth international auction in a row, a strong indicator that last year's recovery is back on track. The GDT Price Index climbed 3.6 percent, with an average selling price of $3,166 per tonne, in the auction held in the early hours of Wednesday. The index had risen 3.1 percent at the previous sale. After two years of declining prices, farmers and analysts had been concerned that a 50 percent rebound during 2016 could be temporary. Prices were also dented at the beginning of the new year as global supply increased. Flooding in New Zealand, the world's largest dairy exporter, had raised concerns about sluggish production in the near term, which had helped been helping boost demand. Much of the gain at the latest auction was on the back of buyers in China. "There was strong participation in the auction by buyers from North Asia, said Amy Castleton, analyst at Agri HQ. "A lack of profitability in China's own dairy farming sector has limited expansion of some farming operations and is expected to have some impact on their domestic milk supply," they added. Prices for whole milk powder rose 5.2 percent, while skim milk powder fell 0.9 percent. A total of 22,633 tonnes was sold at the latest auction, falling 1.3 percent from the previous sale. The auction results can affect the New Zealand dollar as the dairy sector generates more than 7 percent of the country's gross domestic product. The kiwi firmed to $0.6941 from $0.6905 per U.S. dollar before the auction. GDT Events is owned by New Zealand's Fonterra Co-operative Group Ltd, but operates independently from the dairy giant. U.S.-listed CRA International Inc is the trading manager for the twice-monthly Global Dairy Trade auction. The auctions are held twice a month, with the next one scheduled for May 16. (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield, editing by G Crosse)
Tropical Depression One has strengthened into Tropical Storm Arlene in the North Atlantic, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said on Thursday.
Arlene is moving toward the west-northwest near 25 miles per hour (41 km/h), and this general motion is expected to continue until dissipation on Friday, the Miami-based weather forecaster said.
(Reporting by Karen Rodrigues in Bengaluru; Editing by Chris Reese)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Chick-Fil-A will be celebrating Fathers' Day a little early. On Saturday you can bring in your dad and decorate a custom grilling apron and take family pictures in the photo booth. The Fathers' Day event will be held at the Chick-Fil-A in the Augusta Mall. The event is free but coordinators ask that you RSVP because spaces are limited. To register, email your name and number of family member to ChristenEdwards.CFA@gmail.com. The event starts at 9 a.m.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
LONDON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Manchester City beat Manchester United 2-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday to stretch their Premier League lead to 11 points while Liverpool and Everton drew 1-1 in a snowswept Merseyside derby at Anfield.
City's victory marked the first time a team have won 14 consecutive English top-flight games in the same season and ended United's run of 40 home games unbeaten in all competitions.
Pep Guardiola's side took the lead in the 43rd minute through David Silva but poor defending allowed United to hit back immediately with Marcus Rashford grabbing an equaliser before the break.
Nicolas Otamendi volleyed in the winner on the half-turn nine minutes into the second half.
City now have 46 points from 16 games, with United staying second on 35.
Champions Chelsea, who lost 1-0 at relegation-threatened West Ham United on Saturday, are third on 32 points with Liverpool squandering a chance to overtake them and staying fourth on 30.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp fumed after their side's draw, with Everton's former England captain Wayne Rooney equalising from the penalty spot after a sensational first-half goal by Mohamed Salah.
Salah's 42nd-minute stunner sent the Egyptian clear of Tottenham Hotspur's England striker Harry Kane as the league's top marksman with 13 goals.
Rooney's goal was their first in a Merseyside derby, a match they last featured in almost 14 years ago.
“It's always nice scoring against Liverpool, whoever you're playing for,” they said.
In the day's early match, Southampton and Arsenal also drew 1-1 with Charlie Austin putting the hosts ahead in the third minute at St Mary's and Olivier Giroud heading in a late equaliser after coming on as a second-half substitute. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Clare Fallon)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - UFP Technologies Inc:
* UFP TECHNOLOGIES ACQUIRES DIELECTRICS, INC. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HONG KONG, March 29 Global exporter Li & Fung Ltd said on Wednesday it expected an unprecedented number of bankruptcies and store closures in the global retail industry in the years to come.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai Daimay Automotive Interior Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT OFFERS TO BUY CAR SUN VISOR RELATED ASSETS FROM MOTUS INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nv6yZX Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike.
April 20 ADORES Inc :
* Says co plans to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in Tokyo as the successor preparatory company on April 21
* Says co will transfer its business to the new subsidiary and restructure itself into holding company, effective Oct. 1
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/Tj5LLs
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 20 French electrical component maker Schneider Electric kept its full-year targets on Thursday, despite reporting first quarter organic growth at the top-end of its 2017 target, citing political and macroeconomic uncertainty.
* First quarter revenue was 5.84 billion euros, beating the consensus forecast of 5.77 billion euros in a poll conducted for Reuters.
* "Schneider has started FY17 with a surprisingly good Q1 growth number ... The key question is whether this strong start is sustainable as the re-stocking effect fades and if IT growth proves unsustainable," Jefferies said in a note.
* Despite the good start to the year, the company believes it is premature to modify its target of organic growth of between one and three percent excluding infrastructure for the full year.
* "This range aims to take account of a certain number of scenarios," said Deputy Chief Executive Officer in charge of Finance and Legal Affairs Emmanuel Babeau during a telephone interview.
* "There are a lot of uncertainties, political in Europe, geopolitical or linked to the scale of the acceleration of construction in China because the authorities (fear) the creation of a bubble. A lot of parameters could move and play out more unfavourably," they added.
* The main political uncertainty is the outcome of the French presidential election, the first round of which is on Sunday.
* Schneider also confirmed its target for 20 to 50 basis points organic improvement on the adjusted EBITA margin for 2017.
* The company expects a positive currency impact of around 400 million euros on 2017 revenue.
* Schneider said it would face an increase in raw material costs of around 200 million euros, which it intends to mitigate by raising prices, being more selective in choosing projects and focussing on cost control.
* Shares in the company were up 2.2 percent at 0837 GMT (Reporting by Gilles Guillaume and Marc Angrand Writing by Alan Charlish; Editing by Mark Potter)
DETROIT, Hedge fund manager David Einhorn told Reuters that a key issue in their proxy fight with General Motors Co (GM.N) is the automaker's refusal to allow credit rating agencies to formally rate their plan to restructure GM shares.
Einhorn said in an interview that GM has refused to allow Greenlight to present to credit rating agencies its proposal to split GM stock into two classes: one that pays a dividend and one tied to GM's potential growth.
GM has said the plan would put the company's investment grade credit ratings at risk. Einhorn countered that their plan would give GM more flexibility to retain cash at a time when U.S. auto sales are softening. [Hedge fund manager David Einhorn told Reuters on Tuesday that a key issue in their proxy fight with General Motors Co is the automaker's refusal to allow credit rating agencies to formally rate their plan to restructure GM shares.]
"We think the credit rating process has been unfairly manipulated," Einhorn said. "We call on GM to allow us to work directly with the credit rating agencies."
(Reporting by Joe White; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Former England captain John Terry will leave Aston Villa this summer, the Sky Bet Championship club have announced.
Terry signed a one-year deal at Villa Park last July and made 35 league appearances, the last coming in Saturday's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
A club statement read: “Aston Villa can confirm the club will part company with John Terry.
“We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism they showed with us last season.”
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
UChicago students Nick Posegay, AB'16, and Elysa Bryen were looking for a chance to challenge their learning of Arabic and bring together other students looking to expand their understanding of the notoriously difficult language. So they launched their own publication at the University of Chicago written entirely in Arabic.
Majalla, the Arabic word for “magazine,” published its first issue in January, and students in Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations are preparing the next edition for later this quarter.
“In the department there are lots of opportunities to speak and write in class, but there aren't a lot of outside opportunities,” said Bryen, a fourth-year. “We really wanted to push our Arabic to another level.”
The idea for Majalla came from Osama Abu-Eledam, a lecturer in Arabic at UChicago. Bryen and Posegay began designing the magazine last spring. While studying in Morocco over the summer, Posegay met second-year Madeline de Figueiredo, who was enthusiastic about the idea and agreed to help.
The trio of editors puts out a call for submissions with no real restrictions on content, only requiring authors be current UChicago students. The group received material ranging from the academic to the personal, from undergraduate and graduate students alike.
“We had someone write about the worst date they had ever been on and then we had someone write about the history of Oman,” de Figueiredo said. “How people chose to use their language and what ideas they were expressing was really interesting.”
The team said despite being at the same level of proficiency with many of the writers who submitted pieces, the editing process was a challenge. Reading student writing that moved beyond the more familiar academic Arabic proved to be a challenge.
“It was a learning experience for us because we had to pull out dictionaries and make sure we were understanding it,” said Bryen. “We're learning vocabulary we wouldn't learn in the classroom.”
“It was a learning experience for us because we had to pull out dictionaries and make sure we were understanding it. We're learning vocabulary we wouldn't learn in the classroom.” fourth-year Elysa Bryen
Noha Forster, a lecturer and coordinator of the Arabic program in NELC, said that Majalla highlights not only the creativity of students but their ability as well. They serve as a mentor for the magazine, which showcases writing from students with one to four years of Arabic study at the University.
“I'm very excited about it,” Forster said. “To be proficient in a language means to produce the language, orally and in written form. Majalla is a testament to the shift that we here at the University of Chicago have made in our expectations of our students: You can truly claim to ‘know' Arabic if you can also communicate in Arabic.”
The magazine has received support from the Alumni Development Fund of the Critical Language Scholarship Program, which is sponsored through the U.S. Department of State. Moving forward, the editorial team will be seeking funding from NELC and the Center for Middle Eastern Studies in order to continue publishing two issues a year.
“We want to build up a community to continue this after Elysa and I graduate,” said Posegay, a graduate student in the final year of a joint BA/MA degree in Middle Eastern Studies. “In time, we believe it will serve not only as a new academic resource, but also build a stronger collaborative community that attracts new students to explore the Arabic language.”
Majalla is accepting submissions through uchicagomajalla@gmail.com.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
* Alpha posts 42.3 mln euro profit in 2016
* Non-performing loans ease to 38.1 pct of book
* NBG earns 53 mln euros in 2016, cuts NPEs by 2.8 bln euros (Adds CEO comment, NBG results)
By George Georgiopoulos
ATHENS, March 30 Greek banks Alpha and National (NBG) returned to profitability last year, aiming to stay the course in 2017 and further reduce their huge stock of bad loans.
Alpha Bank, Greece's fourth-largest lender by assets, made a profit for the second straight quarter in the final three months of the year, as improved net interest income offset higher provisions for impaired loans.
The bank, 11 percent owned by the country's bank rescue fund HFSF, reported a net profit of 20.1 million euros ($21.6 million), down from net earnings of 41.2 million in the third quarter.
For 2016 as a whole, Alpha posted a net profit of 42.3 million euros, which compared with a loss of 1.37 billion in 2015.
Greek banks are continuing to struggle with problem loans after a deep, protracted recession pushed unemployment to record highs, making it hard for borrowers to service their debts.
Banks entered the 2008 global financial crisis with bad loans, or non-performing exposures (NPEs), of 14.5 billion euros, about 5.5 percent of their loan books. NPEs rose to 106.9 billion euros, or 51 percent, last year.
Banks have agreed with regulators on ambitious bad debt reduction targets over three years.
They aim to cut their NPEs to 66.7 billion euros by 2019 from 106.9 billion in September, to bring their ratio to 34 percent from 51 percent.
"In 2016 we delivered a profitable performance despite significant provisions of 1.2 billion euros for the year," Alpha's chief executive Dimitris Mantzounis said in a statement.
Greek lenders are also grappling with funding gaps after a deposit flight that led to capital controls in June 2015 and still depend on central bank funding to plug the hole.
"We reduced Eurosystem funding exposure by 25 percent and further diversified our funding sources away from central bank borrowing," Mantzounis said.
Alpha's non-performing loans ratio eased to 38.1 percent of its book at end-December from 38.3 percent at end-September.
Peer National Bank also swung to profit last year. It posted net earnings of 73 million euros in the last quarter, excluding assets held for sale and discontinued operations.
For 2016 as a whole, the bank posted a net profit of 53 million euros after a loss of 2.49 billion in 2015 as loan impairment charges fell to 684 million euros from 3.52 billion in 2015.
NBG's chief executive Leonidas Fragiadakis said the group reduced its non-performing exposures by 2.8 billion euros last year, exceeding targets by half a billion.
"In 2017 our strategic priorities include further reducing our NPEs, in line with targets agreed with the ESM, and the significant decrease of our exposure to ELA (emergency liquidity assistance provided by the Bank of Greece)," they said. (Editing by Greg Mahlich)
April 13 Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores Inc
* Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores - on april 10, CFO ryan robinson, advised co that they are resigning their employment with co effective April 28, 2017
* Company has commenced an external search for a new chief financial officer Source text - bit.ly/2oZ2FPF Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI Sauber super-sub Antonio Giovinazzi, impressively up to speed on their Formula One debut in the season-opening race in Australia, is wasting no time as they set their sights on the points in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
The Italian was drafted in as a last-minute replacement for Pascal Wehrlein in Melbourne after the German withdrew for fitness reasons on Saturday morning.
Giovinazzi impressed despite limited time in the car, lapping less than two-tenths of a second slower than their more experienced teammate Marcus Ericsson in qualifying and finishing 12th in the race.
With Wehrlein also opting out of the race in Shanghai this weekend, Giovinazzi, who is also Ferrari's third driver, will continue to stand in for the Mercedes-backed driver.
Breaking through into the top-ten points positions in a Sauber with its year-old Ferrari engine will a tough ask.
But with more time in the car, and rain predicted for Sunday, Giovinazzi said they would give it their all.
"To score a point will be difficult but I will try my best and score a point," said the 23-year-old, who if they finish in the top ten will become the first Italian to score in Formula One since Vitantonio Liuzzi in 2010.
"It will be maybe wet and also to have some experience in the wet conditions will be good.
"What I can do is to do my best and hope the result can be good like Melbourne."
Wehrlein, who raced for now-defunct backmarkers Manor last year in their rookie season, hurt their back in an accident in the "Race of Champions" event in Miami in January.
The 23-year-old was unable to train for the greater physical demands of the 2017 cars as they took time off to recover.
They took part in testing, however, albeit sharing driving duties with Ericsson and was cleared to race in Australia.
Other drivers like Force India's Sergio Perez, who hoped Wehrlein wasn't suffering from a more serious issue, respected their decision but said they would have raced even if they weren't fully fit.
Sauber team-principal Monisha Kaltenborn, meanwhile, rebuffed conspiracy theories surrounding Wehrlein's decision.
"These kinds of things you have to take seriously," they told reporters, referring to Wehrlein's accident.
It is not yet clear if the German will return for next week's race in Bahrain.
(editing by Neil Robinson)
* U.S. sells $12 billion 30-year bonds at 1 p.m. EDT * Worries about overseas conflicts underpin bond demand * U.S. bond market to close early at 2 p.m. EDT Thursday By Richard Leong NEW YORK, April 12 U.S. Treasury yields were little changed on Wednesday as safe-haven demand tied to international political worries offset investor selling ahead of a 30-year bond auction. Investor anxiety about possible U.S. military showdowns against Syria and North Korea remained at elevated levels as they piled into Treasuries, sending the 30-year yield to hover above a near three-month low. "The geopolitical tension has not escalated, but it's not going away either," said Mary Anne Hurley, vice president of fixed income at D.A. Davidson in Seattle. U.S. President Donald Trump signaled they were open to more strikes against Syria after they ordered a missile attack on a Syrian air base in response to an alleged Syrian military assault using poisonous gas that killed scores of civilian. North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States for any sign of aggression as a U.S. Navy strike group was moving toward the Korean peninsula. Adding to investor worries was a tightening French presidential race on April 23. Opinion polls stirred concern that hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon and far-right leader Marine Le Pen could end up in a runoff next month. U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury yields were little changed at 2.300 percent, which analysts assessed as a critical resistance level. The 30-year bond yield was flat at 2.933 percent after falling to 2.915 percent earlier Wednesday, which was the lowest since Jan. 17. Following Tuesday's rally, it was unclear how aggressively investors will bid for the upcoming $12 billion auction of 30-year bonds at 1 p.m. EDT (1700 GMT), the final leg of this week's $56 billion coupon-bearing Treasury sale, traders said. "With (the) 30-year yield below 3 percent, there's not a lot of desire to push it too far lower from here," Hurley said. In "when-issued" activity, traders expected the U.S. Treasury Department to pay a yield of 2.939 percent on the 30-year supply. This compared with a 3.170 percent yield at the prior 30-year bond sale in March. The U.S. bond market will shut early at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) on Thursday ahead of the market holiday on Good Friday. April 12 Wednesday 10:24AM New York / 1424 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 152-29/32 -0-2/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-136/256 0-12/256 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 0.81 0.8229 0.000 Six-month bills 0.9225 0.9397 -0.005 Two-year note 100-6/256 1.2378 0.004 Three-year note 100-30/256 1.4598 -0.003 Five-year note 100-60/256 1.8253 -0.007 Seven-year note 100-36/256 2.1031 -0.007 10-year note 99-156/256 2.2944 -0.021 30-year bond 101-88/256 2.932 0.002 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 32.50 0.25 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 25.50 0.50 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 10.50 0.50 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -3.50 0.75 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -40.25 0.25 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong Editing by W Simon)
COLOMBO, April 6 The Sri Lankan rupee edged up in dull trade on Thursday as inward remittances and exporter dollar sales ahead of the festival season surpassed mild importer demand for greenback, dealers said.
The central bank on Wednesday cut the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.60, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards trading at 152.45/65 per dollar at 0538 GMT, from Wednesday's close of 152.50/65.
Spot-next was traded at 152.05/10 per dollar compared with Wednesday's close of 152.10/20.
"Market is very light. There is not much activity. The rupee is firmer as a foreign bank sold dollars," said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named.
"Dollar conversions are happening ahead of the festival while importers are buying depending on the price."
The rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14, dealers said.
The central bank raised interest rates by 25 basis points on March 24, for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
The rate hike was expected to help stabilise the rupee as rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors have exerted pressure on the currency, analysts said.
Foreign investors net sold government securities worth 950 million rupees ($6.26 million) in the week ended March 29. They have net sold 64.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were up 0.73 percent at 6,243.66 as of 0545 GMT. Turnover stood at 126.02 million rupees ($830,718.52). ($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sunil Nair)
NEW YORK Record producer Clive Davis did not just get a documentary celebrating their five decades in the music business. They also got a world-class show from some of the stars whose careers they promoted.
Aretha Franklin, Barry Manilow, Dionne Warwick, Kenny G, Carly Simon and R&B band Earth Wind & Fire turned out to sing for Davis, 85, on the opening night of the Tribeca Film Festival on Wednesday.
"Mr. Davis, for so many years it's been a real pleasure. I am honored to have been an artist of theirs and to still be an artist of his," Franklin said from the stage at Radio City Music Hall.
The documentary "Clive Davis: The Soundtrack of Our Lives," traces the Brooklyn-born producer's journey from lawyer to the record division of CBS/Columbia in 1966, and how Janis Joplin became their first ever signing in 1967.
Davis has since signed or helped manage the careers of dozens of musicians ranging from Bruce Springsteen and Alicia Keys to Santana and Kelly Clarkson.
As part of the tribute, Oscar and Grammy Award winner Jennifer Hudson performed a medley of the biggest hits of Whitney Houston - the protege who Davis discovered and mentored but ultimately could not save from premature death.
Houston drowned accidentally in a Beverly Hills hotel bathtub in 2012 after years of drug abuse.
"I hate the word legend, but they are a legend and we are so happy to give them all the respect and to open the festival with their movie," said Robert De Niro, who co-founded the festival in 2002.
(Reporting by Reuters Television, editing by G Crosse)
May 3 Danish drugmaker Novo Nordisk's chief executive Lars Fruergaard Jorgensen made following comments on a call for journalists, following the firm's first-quarter results:
* "When we lift the lower end of the range it is mainly because now we are four months into the year and we have not been exposed to any change in the political environment, hence the risk is lower so we feel comfortable about lifting that bottom range"
* "Where it will end in the United States is hard to predict but simply because we are well into the year we see the risk as having a lower impact on us and that's why we narrow the range"
* The company narrowed its 2017 forecast to 0 to 3 percent sales growth and -1 to 3 percent operating profit growth from a previous forecast of sales growth of between minus 1 and plus 4 percent, and operating profit of minus 2 percent to plus 3 percent growth, both in local currencies For more on the earnings: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen, editing by Teis Jensen)
Chelsea are well aware of what must be done to clinch the Premier League title but will also be looking cautiously over their shoulders as Tottenham Hotspur continue their relentless pursuit of the leaders, midfielder Eden Hazard has said.
Chelsea, who are seven points clear at the top of the table, beat 15th-placed Bournemouth 3-1 on Saturday to maintain their lead over second-placed Tottenham, who are on a six-game winning run in the league.
"They are waiting for us to lose points but if we do the job we will be champions in the end," Hazard told the club website.
"We have to be ready because in England you never know, you can lose points against every team," they added.
"But we are professional, we know what to do if we want to be champion. When we see Tottenham, everything is not done. It is one step closer but we have seven games left to play and we have to be ready for everything."
Tottenham cut the lead at the top following Chelsea's loss to Crystal Palace earlier this month but Antonio Conte's men have responded strongly with back-to-back victories over Manchester City and Bournemouth.
Chelsea travels to fifth-placed Manchester United on Sunday and will be hoping to get their first win at Old Trafford since 2013.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
May 2 Vocus Group Ltd
* Fy17 revenue is now expected to be $1.8bn
* Fy17 underlying ebitda is now expected to be $365-375m compared to guidance of $430-450m
* Fy17 underlying npat is now expected to be in range of $160-165m
* Continue to expect fy17 core capital expenditure to be about $182m Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems are used to verify the efficacy and bioavailability of a drug formulation. The evaluation and assessment of a tablet's chemical, physical, and bioavailability properties are especially important in tablet design and for monitoring product quality. Various standards should be used to control the pharmaceutical quality of tablet dosage forms. The standard QC tests carried out on tablets include weight variation, content uniformity, diameter and thickness, hardness, friability, disintegration, and dissolution. It is imperative to test for formulary stability and potential drug degradation. Dosage form testing also verifies the physical strength of formulation. Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems have additional features such as vibration-free tablet separation, auto separation and auto alignment.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6885
Numerous tests are performed at every stage of production to ensure that quality is not compromised and that Good Manufacturing Practices are followed. Quality checks are crucial to the pharmaceutical industry as they guarantee the patient a safe and effective product and further, protect the manufacturer against compensation claims.
Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems ensure that a quality end product reaches the end consumer, which is a key factor anticipated to propel the demand for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems worldwide.
Market Dynamics:
The global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market is expected to register a significant CAGR over the forecast period. Several regulations imposed by various organizations, such as the U.S. FDA, across the globe necessitate quality checks in the manufacturing of pharmaceutical drugs to ensure the quality, efficacy, and safety of capsules and tablets, which in turn is anticipated to boost the demand for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems. The introduction of advanced technology based dosage form testing systems is also driving the growth of the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market.
However, the high price of pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems may act as a restraint for the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market over the forecast period. Additionally, the dearth of skilled personnel for operating pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems is also creating a hurdle for the growth of the said market.
Regional Outlook
On the basis of regional presence, the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market can be segmented into eight key regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding China and Japan (APCEJ), China, Japan and Middle East & Africa. North America is pegged to dominate the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market with a leading share in terms of revenue. The market in the region is expected to register significant growth over the forecast period, owing to technological advancements and the presence of developed medical infrastructure. Europe, followed by North America, is slated to hold a moderate share and register a healthy growth rate in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6885
APECJ and China are emerging as lucrative markets for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems and are anticipated to register significant shares over the forecast period due to the increasing demand for these systems and developing medical infrastructure in the regions. Latin America and MEA are at a nascent stage in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market and are expected to exhibit moderate growth over the forecast period, owing to the increasing medical facilities in these regions.
Market Participants:
Some of the market players in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market include SOTAX AG, ABC Laboratories, Almac, Dalton Pharma Services, GEA Process Engineering, Micromeritics Instrument Corporation, Quality Chemical Laboratories and SCYNEXIS, Inc.
Santa participates in Cottam tree lighting
by Sylene Argent
One of the most exciting traditions for area youths leading up to the holiday season is being able to visit Santa Claus and tell them all about their holiday wish lists.
Though the jolly man in red is pretty busy this time of year, but they took the opportunity to visit their young friends at Cottam Rotary Park on Saturday evening.
Taking a bit of a break from making toys for Christmas Eve, and before sitting down to give those naughty and nice lists a once over before their busiest night of year, Santa kindly took the time to hear last minute Christmas wishes from the many youths who greeted them in the pavilion at the Cottam-based park. They also indulged on cookies and hot chocolate with all the event attendees.
Members of the Cottam Rotary Club host this event for area youths to enjoy, and were pleased to welcome Santa to the park. Kingsville/Cottam firefighters took on the very important role of ensuring Santa got to the event safely aboard one of their firetrucks.
Santa, with help of the Cottam Rotary Club, passed along little baggies filled with goodies to the youth attendees.
The traditional Cottam meet and greet with Santa is always a popular event with many families, which also includes the official turning on of the holiday lights at the park.
The Cottam Rotary Club supports the community through a variety of ways. Members maintain the Cottam Rotary Park and forward financial support to many youth-orientated activities. In order to do so, members host fundraisers throughout the year, such as the selling of Christmas trees from Cottam Rotary Park leading up to the holiday season.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Turkish championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Akhisar Belediyespor 1 Sivasspor 0 Alanyaspor 1 Kasimpasa 3 Genclerbirligi 1 Karabukspor 1 Goztepe 2 Fenerbahce 2 Friday, August 11 Istanbul Basaksehir 1 Bursaspor 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Kasimpasa 1 1 0 0 3 1 3 ------------------------- 2 Akhisar Belediyespor 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 2 Istanbul Basaksehir 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 ------------------------- 4 Fenerbahce 1 0 1 0 2 2 1 4 Goeztepe 1 0 1 0 2 2 1 ------------------------- 6 Genclerbirligi 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 6 Karabuekspor 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 Antalyaspor 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Konyaspor 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Besiktas 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Yeni Malatyaspor 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Galatasaray 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Kayserispor 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Osmanlispor 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Trabzonspor 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ------------------------- 16 Bursaspor 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 16 Sivasspor 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 18 Alanyaspor 1 0 0 1 1 3 0 1: Champions League / EC I 2-3: Champions League preliminary round 4-5: Europa League preliminary round 16-18: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Yeni Malatyaspor v Osmanlispor (1700) Trabzonspor v Konyaspor (1700) Besiktas v Antalyaspor (1845) Monday, August 14 Galatasaray v Kayserispor (1845)
7 April 2018 – Nevada Wellness is offering the most comprehensive as well as genuinely effective way to discover everything there is to know about fat freezing – how it works and just how helpful it may really be.
The summer season is nearly upon us and, of course, we are all doing our best to slim down and to look our best for the beach. Still, it is a whole lot easier said than done, especially when it comes to the different problematic areas that we all have – lower abs, legs and the rear side. The fat from there is where challenging to get rid of.
With that said, though, it really is not entirely impossible. And, of course, one way or the other, you are going to be off looking for the most effective solution. Which is one of the many reasons why you have probably heard about Cryolipolysis, since the procedure is becoming more and more popular. This basically is fat freezing. While most of other solutions are there to literally melt fat away, the given one is there to turn it into pure ice crystals. However, of course, the one thing that you will want to know would be – is it really as efficient? Well, Nevada Wellness is there to provide you with all of the necessary information on the matter – you are going to figure out how fat freezing works, is it dangerous, what are the possible side effects and so much more. The article will provide you with all the facts that you are going to need in order to make an educated decision in line with all of the gathered info. Which is one of the many reasons why you are going to really find it to be extremely helpful and valuable indeed.
The article will provide you with all of the information regarding the pros and cons of Cryolipolysis and you will therefore be able to figure out whether you need this procedure and whether t is going to be helpful for you indeed. The article is written in plain language and will give you all the facts you will need.
About Nevada Wellness:
Nevada Wellness is an online resource offering the most effective articles and information about the non-invasive cosmetic treatments and how these could prove to be genuinely invaluable to you indeed. To learn more about it, feel free to check out the official webpage.
Contact:
Company Name: Nevada Wellness
Email: contact@NevadWellness.pro
Website: https://nevadawellness.pro/
March 31 Pioneer Power Solutions Inc
* Pioneer Power announces service agreement renewal and expansion with global digital communications provider
* Annual billings for extension are expected to be approximately $3.0 million per year
* Will service, provide preventative maintenance for backup generators at customer's cell phone tower sites in additional two states Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TOKYO, April 13 The benchmark 10-year Japanese government bond yield edged down on Thursday to its lowest level since November and within a whisper of zero, taking its cues from lower U.S. Treasury yields and underpinned by solid demand at a 30-year JGB auction.
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield fell one basis point to 0.005 percent, while 10-year JGB futures were up 0.19 point in afternoon trade at 151.09.
The U.S. benchmark yield approached five-month lows on Wednesday, prompted by comments by U.S. President Donald Trump on favouring low interest rates made in a newspaper interview published in late U.S. trading. It continued to slip in Asian trading, and last stood at 2.228 percent, down from the U.S. close of 2.296 percent.
On Thursday, Japan's Ministry of Finance offered 800 billion yen ($7.35 billion) of 30-year JGBs with a 0.8 percent coupon, and 98.5832 percent of the bids accepted at the lowest price of 100.05.
The sale drew bids 3.08 times the amount offered, down from the previous sale's bid-to-cover ratio of 3.14 times but still solid. The tail - the gap between the average and lowest accepted prices - narrowed to 0.07, compared with that of last month's offering at 0.19, indicating stronger demand for the bonds.
The outcome bolstered the superlong tenor, with 30-year yield slipping 3.5 basis points to 0.775 percent, its lowest since late January. The 20-year yield fell 1.5 basis points to 0.570 percent after falling to 0.565 percent earlier, its lowest since late December. ($1 = 108.8000 yen) (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Jul 31, 2017; Palo Alto, CA, USA; Maria Sharapova (RUS) waves to the crowd after winning against Jennifer Brady (USA) in the Bank of the West Classic tennis tournament at Stanford University. Mandatory Credit: Stan Szeto-USA TODAY Sports
(Reuters) - Maria Sharapova has withdrawn from the Cincinnati Open with a nagging left arm injury they suffered during competition earlier this month, the former champion said on Sunday.
Sharapova, who suffered the injury during their first-round match at the Stanford Classic, said their decision to withdraw from the Cincinnati event, which granted them a wildcard, was a precaution ahead of the year's final grand slam.
The 2011 champion said they arrived in Cincinnati on Saturday eager to play but following the doctor's advice on site decided to withdraw from the U.S. Open tune-up, where first-round action begins on Monday.
Sharapova was scheduled to play French Open champion and world number 12 Jelena Ostapenko in a highly-anticipated first-round clash.
The Russian's decision to withdraw marks the latest setback in their comeback this year after a 15-month doping ban.
Sharapova, banned after testing positive for the heart drug meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open, has had mixed results since rejoining the WTA Tour.
The 30-year-old reached the semi-finals as a wildcard in Stuttgart, fell in the second round at Madrid and retired from their second-round match at the Italian Open in mid-May after injuring their left thigh.
After pulling out of Stanford, Sharapova withdrew from the Rogers Cup in Toronto.
The arm injury casts a cloud on Sharapova competing in the Aug. 28-Sept. 10 U.S. Open since the former world number one would need a wildcard to compete in the event.
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
Rugby-Rebels coach McGahan to depart at end of season
MELBOURNE, June 15 Melbourne Rebels coach Tony McGahan will finish their tenure at the end of the season, the struggling Super Rugby team said on Thursday, a decision which both parties said was "in the best interests" of the club.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Athersys Inc:
* ATHERSYS ENTERS INTO NEW $100 MILLION EQUITY FACILITY WITH ASPIRE CAPITAL
* ATHERSYS - ‍UNDER NEW AGREEMENT, ATHERSYS HAS RIGHT TO SELL UP TO $100 MILLION OF COMMON STOCK TO ASPIRE CAPITAL UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS OVER 3-YEAR PERIOD​
* ATHERSYS-UNDER NEW AGREEMENT, ATHERSYS HAS RIGHT TO SELL UP TO $100 MILLION OF COMMON STOCK TO ASPIRE CAPITAL UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS OVER 3-YEAR PERIOD​
* ATHERSYS INC - ‍IN CONJUNCTION WITH NEW FACILITY, ASPIRE MADE AN INITIAL INVESTMENT OF $1 MILLION AT A PRICE OF $2.00 PER SHARE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 11 (Reuters) -
* S&P - Republic Of El Salvador long-term sovereign credit ratings lowered to 'CCC-' from 'B-'; ratings on creditwatch negative
* S&P on El Salvador - lowered the short-term foreign- and local-currency sovereign credit ratings to 'c' from 'b'
* S&P on El Salvador - project that current account deficit is likely to exceed 5 percent of GDP in next three years, contributing to weaker external liquidity
* S&P on El Salvador - expect that foreign direct investment may decline from its already modest levels due to continued political stalemate
* S&P on El Salvador - estimate that gross external financing needs will exceed 100 percent of current account receipts and usable reserves in next couple of years
* S&P on El Salvador - net general government debt is likely to surpass 60% of gdp in 2017-2019
* S&P on El Salvador - expected gdp real growth to remain around 1.3 percent for 2017-2020
* S&P - deteriorating political environment continues to erode El Salvador's credit quality Source text : bit.ly/2o2MT0V
ACCRA, March 31 The Bank of Ghana said the yield on its weekly 91-day bill dipped to 17.3888 percent at an auction on Friday from 17.5103 percent at the last sale, on March 24.
The bank said it had accepted 715.52 million cedis ($165.2 million) worth of bids out of 802.76 million cedis tendered for the 91-day paper, which will be issued on April 3.
For full details, click here: here%201531.pdf
($1 = 4.3300 Ghanaian cedis) (Writing by Kwasi Kpodo; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
A pedestrian stands at a crosswalk as smoke rises near anintersection in the financial district after reports of a loud blast and heavy smoke could be seen in Toronto, Ontario, Canada May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Anna Mehler Paperny
Smoke rises as police block off an intersection in the financial district after reports of a loud blast and heavy smoke could be seen in Toronto, Ontario, Canada May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Anna Mehler Paperny
A police officer wears a mask during a fire investigation of an underground explosion in the financial district in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
Police officers wearing masks close King Street during a fire investigation of an underground explosion in the financial district in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
Smoke rises as police block off an intersection in the financial district after reports of a loud blast and heavy smoke could be seen in Toronto, Ontario, Canada May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Anna Mehler Paperny
Police and emergency crews at the scene of a fire investigation of an underground explosion in the financial district in downtown Toronto. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
TORONTO Explosions from a transformer fire rocked Toronto's financial district for hours on Monday afternoon, prompting police to close off a section of the downtown area as heavy smoke billowed up from subway grates.
The blast shut down several blocks along King and Bay streets during evening rush hour but a Toronto police spokesperson said there were no injuries reported, and police and fire trucks were on the scene.
A fire in a transformer in an underground electrical vault caused thundering explosions that continued intermittently for hours, Toronto Fire Captain Adrian Ratushniak told Reuters.
The cause of the fire, which prompted the evacuation of a bank tower at 20 King St. West, was not yet known and would be investigated, Ratushniak added.
Previous, similar fires have been caused by water, deteriorating electrical connections or ageing transformers, they said.
The clouds of smoke that filled the block and adjacent intersections were likely caused by burning plastic or PVC insulation, Ratushniak said, and the explosions the result of electrical wiring "touching something it's not supposed to."
Toronto Fire arrived on the scene just after 5 p.m. and two hours later, some 40 officers remained battling the fire, which had not yet been confirmed extinguished but was largely under control, Ratushniak said.
"Hydro vaults (electrical transformers) are relatively contained" because of the concrete boxes encasing them, they said. "You don't typically see flames visible."
Subways were bypassing King station while streetcars were being diverted from the area.
(Reporting by Anna Mehler Paperny; Editing by Leslie Adler and Sandra Maler)
April 6 Skyline Investment SA:
* Sells 357,998 of own shares at price 0.75 zloty ($0.19) per share
* After transaction the company owns 42,001 of its shares representing 0.42 percent of stake
* Before the transaction it owned 3.99 pct of stake of the company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9794 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON Brexit minister David Davis said they did not expect Britain to have to pay 50 billion pounds to the European Union as part of the Brexit process and said the era of huge sums being paid to Brussels was coming to an end.
British media reports have suggested that Britain could have to pay around 50 to 60 billion pounds in order to honour existing budget commitments as it negotiates its departure from the bloc.
"We haven't actually had any sort of submission to us from the Commission. But our view is very simple, we will meet our obligations, we are a law abiding country," Davis told broadcaster ITV on Thursday.
"We'll meet our responsibilities but we're not expecting anything like that," they said. "The era of huge sums being paid to the European Union is coming to an end, so once we're out, that's it."
(Reporting by Kate Holton; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
Spain's services continued to expand in March, according to a survey published on Wednesday, with activity growing at a similar rate to February's 18-month highs and pointing to strong economic growth in the first quarter.
Markit's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) of service companies stood at 57.4 in March, down slightly from 57.7 in February. That marked the index's 41st straight month above the 50 line separating growth from contraction.
"Given the historical relationship between the PMI data and gross domestic product, we are likely to see a pick-up in the rate of growth in first quarter from the 0.7 percent increase recorded at the end of 2016," said Andrew Harker, senior economist at Markit.
The Bank of Spain said on Monday it expected quarterly growth of 0.8 percent in the first quarter (Full Story).
Services provide around half of total economic activity in Spain.
The Markit survey also noted that business expectations rose to 74.1 in March from 73.1 in February, reaching their highest level since December 2015.
Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a licence.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Aiken Department of Public Safety is asking for the public's help locating a potential witness to a homicide.
Nineteen-year-old Antonio Pryer of Aiken is thought to be a witness to the murder of Kaliel Bey on Brandt Court at Pace's Run Apartments on May 27. If you have any information on Pryer's whereabouts, please contact Detective Jeremy Hembree at 803-642-7772 or Crimestoppers of the Midlands at 888-CRIME-SC.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
LED Expo Thailand 2017 is ready with the best networking opportunity, this time under VIP Hosted Buyers Program that aims to give qualified buyers the opportunity to do business with manufacturers & distributors from around the world
Contact
Ms. Himani Gulati
***@mexexhibits.com Ms. Himani Gulati
End
-- The global LED market is one of the famous industries that come under the segment of very real growth that is bolstered by industry enthusiasm. It is also estimated that the size of global LED market will reach to its peak of $42.7 billion by 2020. Keeping in view the potential and vibrancy of the fast growing market, LED Expo Thailand 2017 will present the latest and best available in LED technology. The show offers a unique opportunity to learn from the best in the industry and network with the industry peers.Created specifically to facilitate business matching at the show, the VIP Hosted Buyers Programme is an effective platform for top quality buyers from the procurement, purchasing and supply chain management divisions within the commercial aviation sector to meet with our exhibitors on a pre-schedule basis. The Hosted Buyers may be nominated by the exhibitors, industry associations or government agencies. Interested buyers who are seeking specific products and solutions may also leverage on this business matching programme to source for new business partners.Be it local or international, existing or new company, ASEAN's largest International Exhibition on LED Lighting Products and Technology will provide numerous opportunities such as meeting target client on personal level for effective marketing, launch & showcase products, and promote brand to international audience. To match the pace of the development in LED industry worldwide, LED Expo Thailand 2017 is the only show facilitating to source complete LED products from many parts of world under one roof.LED Expo Thailand 2017 ( http://www.ledexpothailand.com/ ) has an enormous exhibit profile: LEDs, LED Applications and Lighting, LED Lighting Products, LED Products, LED Signage & Displays, LED Components/ Accessories & raw Materials, LED Drivers & Power Supply and LED Manufacturing Equipment/Machinery & Allied Products. The show attracts the attention of potential and qualified buyers from different fields of architecture, hotel & hospitality, retail, real estate and many more. This roof makes demand and supply go hand in hand, giving rise to leading business transactions achievable.For all this and many more, the venue always play an important role as the exhibitors' convenience, visitors' footfall and business activities depend on the convenience that the selected venue facilitates. Thailand's LED industry is estimated to reach up to an annual rate of 30 percent in next 5 years, with indoor lighting and construction two major components of the LED lighting industry. Also, Thailand has long been a proponent of free and fair trade and its attractiveness as a production base for leading international companies is enhanced by a number of free trade agreements.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Exciting new plans for a new family-friendly café in the heart of Sutton Coldfield could help write a new chapter for an under-threat community service and secure its long-term future.
Volunteer support group, FOLIO (Friends of Libraries in Our) Sutton Coldfield, set up to help save and protect the town's main library, and formed from campaign group The Library Lobby, has revealed its proposal for a new play café on the same floor as the town centre reading resource.
FOLIO Sutton Coldfield is just one step away from securing £48,000 from Birmingham City Council's Local Innovation Fund (LIF), which will be used to set up the new venture and will feature a soft-play area, an eatery serving cakes, snacks and drinks in the first floor library paying rent to the city council and share the financial burden placed on ‘the city's most expensive library'.
At Monday's (October 2) Sutton Trinity meeting, FOLIO received the unanimous support of the ward's three councillors, Margaret Waddington, David Pears and Ewan Mackey, which was crucial to move to the final stage of the LIF process to obtain the funds to make their café dream a reality.
The final decision will be made by Birmingham City Council's assistant leaders on October 18, but early indications are the play café could be used as a pilot to see of the creative venture could be rolled out across the city and even the country to help sustain library services.
FOLIO has been working since June on the café plan, with help from the team who run the Little Green Frog café in Lichfield. The Sutton site will be an independent coffee shop, which will include a fixed soft-play for pre-schoolers.
It aims to create jobs, increase footfall to the area, support local suppliers, create a family-friendly site, be an innovative space for community groups and generate funds to help pay the Red Rose Centre rent and support FOLIO's plans for arts and crafts and creative activities for families to drop in and try.
Zoe Toft, who has led the campaign to save the library with the Library Lobby and is chair of FOLIO, said: “I'm absolutely delighted. This is a massive undertaking but I feel like we have done something remarkable.
“Across the country libraries are closing and it looks like we are going to be able to do something that hasn't been done anywhere else in the country before.
“It's been very complex working with Birmingham City Council and the town council. We have been able to get all the different people to come together.
“The soft play structure isn't offered by any other coffee shop in Sutton Coldfield. The model we are using is the Little Green Frog café in Lichfield. It's a joint not-for-profit venture with them. The aim is we will be self-funding with any profits going to support FOLIO.
“This is certainly something Birmingham City Council want to look at – learning from our experience.
“We're hugely grateful to Trinity ward councillors for giving their backing to our innovative and exciting project for creating a new, vibrant community space for all of Sutton Coldfield's residents.
“We're very optimistic about the future of the library now, and are already planning a whole host of events and activities, drawing on input from Sutton residents about what they'd like to see take place in the library.”
Jenny Wilkinson, FOLIO Treasurer added: “It is almost exactly a year since Birmingham City Council announced plans to close the library in the centre of Sutton Coldfield.
“I could never have dreamt at that time that we would be where we are today. It has taken enormous amounts of drive, cooperation and vision from a number of people to get to the amazing position we find ourselves in now.”
The news comes almost a year since Birmingham City Council first announced plans to close Sutton's main library along with Aston Library with others around the city facing cutbacks in opening hours.
A rescue deal was announced by then Deputy Leader (now Leader of the council) Ian Ward early in 2017, with plans to save Sutton Coldfield Library, but contingent upon space being let on the library floor, the second floor of the Red Rose Centre being let and Royal Sutton Coldfield Town Council part funding the service.
The town council has demanded proactive action on the city council's part to repair the building and properly market its vacant space. It is understood the second floor is also on the cusp of being let.
Cllr Ewan Mackey said: “Ever since plans to close our library were announced our aim has been to work with Sutton Coldfield Town Council and local communities to protect library services by delivering them in line with local need. Not only I am convinced the café will help improve the offer of our own library but this is a model that could be used across Birmingham to help other libraries.”
While fellow councillor David Pears added: “This café plan has our total support. It will provide an income, create jobs, help suppliers and encourage families to come to the library. All credit to the hard work Zoe and their team have put in to it.”
FOLIO hope to have the café up-and-running shortly after Christmas if they are given the go-ahead
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIJING, April 23 China's gasoline, diesel and kerosene exports jumped in March as refiners continued to turn to foreign markets to sell their excess product, while liquefied natural gas imports jumped 18 percent to 1.99 million tonnes, customs data showed on Sunday.
Gasoline exports rose 25 percent in March compared with the same month a year earlier to 840,000 tonnes, while diesel exports jumped 53 percent to 1.91 million tonnes, data from the Chinese customs authority showed.
Kerosene shipments abroad were up 21.4 percent at 1.25 million tonnes.
China became a net exporter of fuel products in late 2016. (Reporting by Josephine Mason and Yawen Chen; Editing by Paul Tait)
Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc (SNOW.N), the owner of some of the most popular ski resorts in North America, will announce its sale on Monday to a ski resort operator backed by buyout firm KSL Capital Partners LLC, people familiar with the matter said.
The value of the deal could not be established, though it is expected to come at a premium to Intrawest's $1 billion market capitalization. It underscores the financial appeal of some ski resorts despite concerns over the impact of climate change.
KSL is backing a ski resort operator whose identity could not immediately be learned. The sources asked not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. Intrawest and KSL did not respond to requests for comment.
For shareholders of Intrawest, including its largest investor, Fortress Investment Group LLC (FIG.N), the deal offers a chance to cash out at a high point in Intrawest's stock market valuation.
The company's stock has almost tripled in last 12 months, in part due to an uptick in annual snowfall that translated to more visits to Intrawest's mountain resorts. The snowy weather marked a rebound after unseasonably warm weather weighed on the company's performance in 2015.
Intrawest's best known ski properties include Stratton Mountain in Vermont, Mont Tremblant in Quebec and Steamboat in Colorado. It also owns mountain resorts, adventure retreats and real estate across the United States and Canada.
The Denver-based company offers high-end "heli-skiing" packages, referred to as Canadian Mountain Holidays, where guests are transported by helicopter to remote locations, including lodges in the Canadian Rockies. Trips can cost $10,000.
Intrawest has pushed to expand its summer resort offerings, including hikes on glaciers and mountains, as a way to even bookings outside of ski seasons.
Early last year, Intrawest completed the sale of its timeshare business to Diamond Resorts International for $85 million, a move many of its peers have taken as the business has fallen out of favor among consumers.
Fortress took Intrawest private in 2006 for $2.8 billion, and then took it public again in 2014.
(Reporting by Mike Stone in Washington and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Carl O'Donnell and Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler)
NJPW Best of the Super Jr. tournament continued today. The round-robin styled tournament will run until June 4. Here are the updated standings for both blocks after night 10:
Block A standing
* Tiger Mask 6
* Flip Gordon 6
* Will Ospreay 6
* Taiji Ishimori 6
* ACH 4
* Yoshinobu Kanemaru 4
* YOH 4
* BUSHI 4
Block B Standings
* Dragon Lee 6
* Marty Scurll 6
* Hiromu Takahashi 6
* SHO 4
* El Desperado 4
* Chris Sabin 4
* KUSHIDA 4
* Ryusuke Taguchi 4
See Also Kenny Omega To Be In Street Fighter V Video Game
The next NJPW BOTSJ is tomorrow and will be VOD, here are the Block A tournament matches:
* Flip Gordon vs. BUSHI
* ACH vs. Taiji Ishimori
* Tiger Mask vs. Will Opsreay
* YOH vs. Yoshinobu Kanemaru
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
FILE PHOTO: Shipping containers are loaded onto trucks at Dayaowan port of Dalian, Liaoning province June 10, 2012. REUTERS/Stringer
BEIJING China's cabinet has approved the establishment of seven new free trade zones, China's commerce ministry said on Friday.
The new free trade zones will be in Liaoning, Zhejiang, Henan, Hubei, Chongqing, Sichuan and Shaanxi, a document issued ahead of a press conference in Beijing showed.
China's seven new free trade zones will ease investment and promote free trade in commodities, especially in oil products, it said.
China will also further explore reform of state-owned firms in the new free trade zones, it added.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk)
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," they added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when they say about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
April 5 Akatsuki Corp :
* Co plans to buy 100 percent stake in a Tokyo-based firm Total Estate Holdings, 88.9 percent stake in a Yokohama-based construction firm Total Tec and 70 percent stake in a Yokohama-based real estate agency
* Co will wholly own Total Estate Ltd via acquisition of Total Estate Holdings
* Says it plans to set up a new wholly owned subsidiary to implement the acquisition
* Total acquisition amount is 6.14 billion yen
* Transaction date is July 3
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/QbVwZB
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Indian shares ended lower on Friday, retreating from record highs hit this week as investors booked profits ahead of a long weekend, but indexes still posted their biggest weekly gain in six.
The benchmark BSE index ended 0.37 percent lower at 29,918.40, but gained 1.88 percent for the week. The broader NSE index closed down 0.41 percent at 9,304.05, but was up 2 percent for the week.
Both indexes posted their fourth straight month of gains.
For the midday report, click (Reporting By Darshana Sankararaman in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
NEW YORK (AP) — McDonald's says it has reached a settlement with a U.S. labor agency over a lawsuit that could have decided if the fast-food company should be liable for hiring, pay and other decisions made at its franchised restaurants.
The lawsuit, filed in 2016 by the National Labor Relations Board, contended that McDonald's should be considered a "joint employer" with its franchises. But the settlement, if approved by a judge, would squash that.
NLRB did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
McDonald's Corp., based in Oak Brook, Illinois, says the settlement is the first step toward ending "wasteful multi-year litigation."
BEIJING, April 28 Chinese automaker BYD Co Ltd , backed by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc, reported a 28.8 percent fall in net profit in the first quarter.
Net profit was 605.8 million yuan ($87.88 million) in the quarter, in line with its forecast last month of a 24 to 35 percent decline..
It also predicted on Friday an up to 31.4 percent in first-half net profit as green car sales slow in China as the government steps back from its policy push.
That would be the biggest drop in first-half profits since 2012.
($1 = 6.8938 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Muyu Xu and Jake Spring; editing by Susan Thomas)
* France, Italy well above capital key in April
* Germany in line after bumper March
* ECB says deviations aimed at "smooth implementation" (Adds ECB comment, German numbers)
By Francesco Canepa
FRANKFURT, May 2 The European Central Bank bought more French and Italian bonds than its own rules allow last month, which probably helped keep financial markets calm in the tense run-up to the first round of France's presidential vote.
The ECB bought 11.3 billion euros of public-sector bonds from France and 9.8 billion euros from Italy last month through their national central banks, ECB data showed.
In both cases, that is more than a billion euros above the amounts dictated by the ECB's own rules, which are roughly based on the size of each country's economy, according to Reuters calculations.
Purchases of German bonds were in line with the country's quota in April after climbing well above it in March, leading some to speculate the ECB was having trouble finding eligible German debt to buy.
An ECB spokesperson said the ECB will continue to deviate from the so called 'capital key' to ensure a "smooth implementation" of the Public Sector Purchase Programme (PSPP).
"While the relative shares of monthly PSPP purchases will also continue to be adjusted in the future, the direction of adjustments cannot be anticipated," the spokesperson said.
"These adjustments reflect the programme's inbuilt flexibility and our commitment to market neutrality with the aim of a continued smooth implementation of the PSPP."
The ECB's 2.3 trillion-euro ($2.51 trillion) bond-buying scheme has been widely credited for supporting markets in the face of political uncertainty.
In France, the pro-euro presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of voting, beating eurosceptic Marine Le Pen. Yields on French bonds, a gauge of how much France would pay to borrow money, have fallen to multi-month lows.
Macron and Le Pen will meet in a run-off next weekend, with Macron widely expected to win.
Italy, where elections will be held by May 2018, is considered the next big political test for the future of the euro.
Polls show the ruling Democratic Party has slipped behind the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, which questions the country's euro membership.
The ECB is scheduled to buy bonds at least until the end of the year. With inflation in the euro zone rebounding, it is widely expected to start winding down the programme next year.
($1 = 0.9181 euros) (Editing by Larry King)
April 20 Enercare Inc
* Enercare- Institutional Shareholder Services, Glass Lewis recommend that co's shareholders vote for all resolutions at annual, special meeting of shareholders on May 1
* Enercare- shareholders to consider resolutions to approve amended,restated shareholder rights plan,re-elect nominated directors,re-appoint co's external auditors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Burundi's environment minister, Emmanuel Niyonkuru has been shot dead by unknown assailants in the capital Bujumbura, police said.
Niyonkuru, 54, the country's water, environment and planning minister, was "killed by a criminal with a gun on their way home to Rohero, around 00:45," according to a tweet sent by police spokesperson Pierre Nkurikiye. They added that a woman has been arrested following the "assassination".
The murder, the first of a serving government minister since Burundi sank into turmoil over President Pierre Nkurunziza's controversial bid for a third term in 2015, comes after months of relative calm.
Also on Twitter, Nkurunziza offered their condolences "to the family and all Burundians", vowing the crime would be punished.
At least 500 people have been killed and 300,000 have fled the country since unrest began in April 2015.
MELBOURNE, April 3 South African World Cup winning coach Gary Kirsten has joined Australia's Hobart Hurricanes on a two-year deal, the Big Bash League (BBL) side said on Monday.
The former South Africa opening batsman had a very successful stint as India's head coach when they lead them to the top of the world test rankings and the 50-over World Cup title in 2011.
The 49-year-old also coached South Africa to the number one test ranking before a stint with the Delhi Daredevils Indian Premier League (IPL) Twenty20 side.
"I am committed to developing the young T20 talent within the club and the region -- at the same time creating the best environment for our leaders and experienced players to perform their best," Kirsten said in Hurricanes statement.
"My vision is to help the Hurricanes become the club of choice for all aspiring BBL players.
"I would also like to help create an environment which enables a positive and entertaining brand of T20 cricket and to help deliver consistent success to the club."
The Hurricanes have failed to reach the semi-finals of the eight-team BBL since losing in the final three years ago.
Kirsten would visit Hobart mid-year before relocating for the duration of the BBL season, the franchise said. (Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by John O'Brien)
The shareholders of a GmbH, a type of German private limited company, have extensive rights to information that go beyond the general meeting of the shareholders, and they are able to exercise their rights of access and inspection.
GmbH shareholders entrust the managing director with the fate of their company. Notwithstanding this, they do, of course, have the right to be informed about what is happening in their firm at all times. In addition to the general meeting of the shareholders, the rights of access and inspection are an important tool for shareholders to gain an insight into all commercially and legally relevant matters within the company. We at the commercial law firm GRP Rainer Rechtsanwälte note that while their rights of access and inspection are indeed wide-ranging, they are not without their limits.
What is the order situation? Which projects have been completed and which are at the planning stage? How are the agreements structured? These and other questions are of interest to all shareholders. They receive answers to these questions at the general meeting of the shareholders. They can also receive answers by exercising their rights of access and inspection, and in doing so request information concerning concluded transactions, projects at the planning stage, agreements, records, protocols etc. These rights to information may also be applicable to a limited extent if the GmbH has a financial interest in other companies.
The GmbH shareholder”s rights of access and inspection cannot be restricted by the articles of association. Moreover, the managing director is obligated to provide the desired information without delay. However, they or they must also assess whether providing the information would go against the company”s interests. This would be the case, for instance, if there was reason to fear that the shareholder might use the information for non-company purposes and thereby damage the company, e.g. because the shareholder has a financial interest in a rival company as well.
In such instances, the managing director needs to act prudently. If they or they act on their own authority in refusing access or the right of inspection, they or they are committing a breach of duty and may render themselves liable to pay damages. Conversely, they or they cannot release the information if they have reason to fear an abuse of rights or use of information for non-company purposes. The final decision must therefore be taken by the general meeting of the shareholders. The shareholder seeking the information is not authorized to vote on this resolution. If the general meeting decides to deny the shareholder access or the right of inspection, the latter can still try and enforce their or their rights through the courts.
Lawyers who are experienced in the field of company law can advise shareholders and managing directors.
https://www.grprainer.com/en/legal-advice/company-law.html
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
May 3 OC Oerlikon Corporation AG Pfaeffikon :
* Oerlikon announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire Scoperta Inc., solution provider in advanced materials development, based in California, USA
* Both parties have agreed not to disclose purchase price Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ANKARA, April 13 Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on Thursday to support an investigation by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons into the chemical weapons attack in Syria last week, Turkish presidential sources said.
In a phone call, Erdoğan stressed to their Russian counterpart that the use of chemical weapons was a crime against humanity, they said.
The April 4 attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun, blamed by many governments on the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, killed scores of people and prompted the United States to launch a missile strike on a Syrian air base in response. (Reporting by Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Andrew Roche)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
CORRECTED-Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
April 10 Kraken Sonar Inc
* Kraken announces upsizing of previously announced private placement
* Kraken Sonar Inc - has increased size of previously announced non-brokered private placement of units of company from C$2 million to C$2.2 million
* Kraken Sonar Inc - under increased offering company may issue up to 11.9 million units Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Pope Francis (R) waves from their car as they leaf after their visit at the Basilica of Saint Bartholomew on the Tiber island in Rome, April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Pope Francis is greeted by a boy as they arrive to visit the Basilica of Saint Bartholomew on the Tiber island in Rome, April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Pope Francis arrives to visit the Basilica of Saint Bartholomew on the Tiber island in Rome, April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Pope Francis leads a mass at the Basilica of Saint Bartholomew on the Tiber island in Rome, April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Maurizio Brambatti/Pool
Pope Francis (L) leads a mass at the Basilica of Saint Bartholomew on the Tiber island in Rome, April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Maurizio Brambatti/Pool
Pope Francis leads a mass at the Basilica of Saint Bartholomew on the Tiber island in Rome, April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Maurizio Brambatti/Pool
ROME Pope Francis urged governments on Saturday to get migrants and refugees out of holding centres, saying many had become "concentration camps".
During a visit to a Rome basilica, where they met migrants, Francis told of their trip to a camp on the Greek island of Lesbos last year.
They met a Muslim refugee from the Middle East there who told them how "terrorists came to our country". Islamists had slit the throat of the man's Christian wife because they refused to throw their crucifix on the ground.
"I don't know if they managed to leave that concentration camp, because refugee camps, many of them, are of concentration (type) because of the great number of people left there inside them," the pope said.
The American Jewish Committee (AJC) later urged the pope "to reconsider their regrettable choice of words" for using the term concentration camp.
"The conditions in which migrants are currently living in some European countries may well be difficult, and deserve still greater international attention, but concentration camps they certainly are not," the AJC's head, David Harris, said in a statement.
"The Nazis and their allies erected and used concentration camps for slave labour and the extermination of millions of people during World War II. There is no comparison to the magnitude of that tragedy," they said.
Francis praised countries helping refugees and thanked them for "bearing this extra burden, because it seems that international accords are more important than human rights".
They did not elaborate but appeared to be referring to agreements that keep migrants from crossing borders, such as deals between the European Union (EU) and Libya and the EU and Turkey. Humanitarian groups have criticised both deals.
The pope urged people in northern Italy, home to an anti-immigrant party, to take more migrants, hoping that the generosity of southern Italy could "infect the north a bit".
Noting that Italy had one of the world's lowest birth rates, they said: "If we also close the door to migrants, this is called suicide."
The basilica of St Bartholomew is a shine to Christians killed for their faith in the 20th and 21st centuries.
It contains a prayer book used by Father Jacques Hamel, the 85-year-old French priest killed by Islamist militants who stormed into a church in Saint-Étienne-du-Rouvray last year, forced Hamel to their knees, and slit their throat while they chanted in Arabic. Their sister Roselyne attended the service.
(Editing by Andrew Roche and Paul Tait)
April 28 Aercap Holdings Nv
* AERCAP SIGNS LEASE AGREEMENT WITH NEW AIRLINE CUSTOMER, GERMANIA
* AERCAP HOLDINGS NV - HAS SIGNED A LEASE AGREEMENT FOR AN AIRBUS A319 WITH GERMAN CARRIER, GERMANIA
* AERCAP HOLDINGS NV- AIRCRAFT WAS DELIVERED TO AIRLINE ON APRIL 19, 2017
* AERCAP HOLDINGS NV - A 2003 VINTAGE AIRCRAFT WAS RECENTLY REDELIVERED TO AERCAP FROM A SOUTH AMERICAN CUSTOMER Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SEOUL, March 30 A South Korean court began deliberating on Thursday whether to arrest ousted president Park Geun-hye, who was removed from office in a corruption scandal involving charges they solicited bribes from the country's largest conglomerate.
Park could become South Korea's third former leader to be jailed for wrongdoing.  They are accused of colluding with a friend, Choi Soon-sil, to pressure big businesses to contribute to foundations set up to back their policy initiatives.
The 65-year-old appeared expressionless as they arrived at the Seoul Central District Court at 10:20 a.m. (0120 GMT) to plead their case that they should not be arrested while prosecutors investigate the scandal that has ensnared South Korea's political and business elite.
Park, South Korea's first democratically elected leader to be forced from office, argues that they do not pose a flight risk and will not try to tamper with evidence.
They and Choi have both denied any wrongdoing.
A judge will study evidence and hear arguments from prosecutors and Park's lawyers before deciding whether an arrest warrant should be issued.
If Park is arrested, prosecutors will then have up to 20 days to file formal charges against them and put them on trial.
Park emerged from their private home and quickly stepped into a car before they were driven to the court in a motorcade. Police and security personnel blocked their supporters from spilling into the street to stop their car as it left their house in Seoul's upmarket Gangnam neighbourhood.
Prosecutors said on Monday Park was accused of soliciting companies for money and infringing upon the freedom of corporate management by using their power as the president. Park was questioned for 14 hours by prosecutors last week.
They could face more than 10 years in jail if convicted of receiving bribes from bosses of big conglomerates, including Samsung Group chief Jay Y. Lee, in return for favours.
Lee, who denies charges that they provided bribes in return for favours for Samsung, and Choi are already in detention and are on trial separately.
If they are arrested, Park will likely be given a bigger cell than other inmates in a Seoul detention facility but be subject to the same rules on everything from meals to room inspections, former prosecution and correctional officials have said.
Park's hairdresser came to their home as usual on Thursday morning to coif the former president's hair in their favourite chignon style.
They were removed from office when a constitutional court upheld their parliamentary impeachment this month. (Editing by Jack Kim; Editing by Paul Tait)
More and more families have fewer children than they would actually like to have. Demographers from Vienna are currently exploring the causes of this development. They detect a return to traditional role models for both women and men.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Research
• Science Industry:
• Science Location:
• Vienna - Vienna - Austria Subject:
• Projects
End
-- "We were surprised to see Austria heading back towards a more traditional pattern", says Isabella Buber-Ennser from the Vienna Institute of Demography at the Austrian Academy of Sciences. The demographer is currently evaluating data on family and fertility planning. Them study focuses on how the intention to have a family translates into reality."Among mothers, we find more part-time jobs today than 20 or 25 years ago", notes the scientist when speaking about the traditional division of roles in a family. The reconciliation of work and family is still mainly a woman's concern. Although more women are employed now than in the past, the share of part-time jobs is high among them. The project team members Caroline Berghammer and Bernhard Riederer confirm that this trend is even observable among highly educated women. Basically, women who held a part-time job before their child was born will continue to work part time afterwards. This holds true for 64% of women even once their children are older. Buber-Ennser cautions that this should be viewed as a critical trend in the long run, as it has an impact on pensions and implies a higher poverty risk for women. Two factors are key for this development:the reconciliation of work and family life on the one hand and the fact that in Austria – as well as in Germany – values and norms are still very traditional in an international comparison, on the other.Buber-Ennser and their team exploit valuable empirical data for their ongoing investigations in the project funded by the Austrian Science Fund FWF. For the first time since 30 years, themakes it possible to compare two rounds of interviews with the same respondents in Austria: 3,000 women and 2,000 men were interviewed in 2009 and again four years later about the factors influencing their family planning decisions.More and more researchers focus on a couple perspective and take a life-course approach, since having children is not just a woman's concern. Three aspects are central in the FWF-funded project: interaction between the partners, contraceptive use and the partnership situation over the course of their lives. "These are the three dimensions affecting the realisation of family planning intentions, both with respect to the total intended number of children and the short-term plans for having a child", explains Buber-Ennser from the Austrian Academy of Sciences. Between 2009 and 2013, the average intended number of children decreased by 0.2 children among the study participants:in 2009, women and men wanted to have 2.1 children on average, whereas that number dropped to 1.9 in the interviews in 2013. The plan to have a child within the next three years was realised by 43%. The researchers found differences by age and gender. Up to their mid-30s, one in two women realised their short-term plans. Among men, the level of realisation rose from 25% to 50%, and even remained high at 23% for the 40+ age group, whereas only very few women aged 40-44 years who planned to have a child in the near future actually conceived one in the following years.Women who already have a child and are satisfied with the division of childcare tasks more often wish to have another child in the near future than those less satisfied. Help provided by the partner for domestic work is also an important factor in this context. If work is shared, couples are more likely to want a child and do actually have one. "However, in the multivariate context (note: including other socio-economic characteristics)we were surprised to find the effect to be very modest", notes Buber-Ennser. The researchers at the Vienna Institute of Demography will now compare this result with international data.For a long time, the birth rate (more precisely: the total fertility rate) in Austria stood at 1.4 children, then rose to 1.5 in recent years but is still at a low level. The so-called "tempo effect" plays a considerable role in that respect. This means that nowadays more women have children at a later age, and this recuperation of fertility postponement leads to an increase in birth rates with a certain time lag – an effect that can be observed in Spain at present."The intention to have children and the family context in which this wish arises are essential for understanding the fact that families actually have fewer children than they would like to have", comments Buber-Ennser on their research focus. The demographers aim to exploit available data to analyse various aspects of family formation in Austria in an international framework. In the future, the team wants to concentrate even more strongly on aspects of partnership and the late phase of reproductivity in a European comparison and thus identify possible avenues for family policy.(http://www.wittgensteincentre.org/en/index.htm)
April 13 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 15.3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * RIO: Australia's foreign investment watchdog has cleared Chinese-backed coal miner Yancoal Australia Ltd to pursue its $2.45 billion acquisition of Rio Tinto,'s Coal and Allied Division, Yancoal said on Thursday. * BRITAIN HOUSE PRICES: House prices in central London saw their most widespread declines since 2009 as Brexit uncertainties and high transaction costs dented demand for high-end property in the British capital, a survey showed on Thursday. * BRITAIN ECONOMY: British manufacturers reported the fastest export growth in more than two years in early 2017 and the services sector also recovered to rack up its strongest sales growth since last June's Brexit vote, a business survey showed on Thursday. * EX-DIVS: Reckitt Benckiser, Standard Life and Taylor Wimpey will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 3.7 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations * The UK blue chip index fell 0.2 percent at close on Wednesday as results weighed on Tesco shares and the broader UK supermarket sector. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Avocet Mining Plc Full-Year Hays Plc Trading Update PZ Cussons Plc Trading Update TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
It takes courage to stand up and speak out against things that are wrong, particularly when you or your family are targets of that injustice or wrongdoing.
But the mom who spoke out regarding a racist remark made to their son did so not to punish, but to educate and raise awareness of racism in sport. The remark was alleged to have been made by a Salmon Arm player to their son who was on a Kamloops team during a Bantam Tier 3 playoff game in Sicamous in February.
The mom noted that a lot of people said to them regarding the incident that they ‘didn't know this sort of thing still happens in 2018.' As they pointed out, it's white ‘advantage' or privilege that leaves some people unaware of these racist behaviours.
If they don't happen to you, you don't see them – so they don't happen. But, they certainly do happen.
B.C. minor hockey associations have since vowed to take steps to eliminate such behaviour.
The CEO of BC Hockey has said that education packages will be made available prior to the 2018/19 season and will be aimed at parents, players, officials and administrators.
“This is an issue BC Hockey takes very seriously and it is felt that further education on the issue will be of benefit to our participants,” said CEO Barry Petrachenko.
This is a great step. And to make it an even better step, BC Hockey must enlist people who aren't white to decide what makes sense in terms of education. Having the people who experience racism in some form every day – whether it be systemic or individual targeting – decide what kind of education should be provided and how it should be delivered, is also a step against racism. Otherwise it's really just more of the same. White folks deciding what's best for the rest.
The other approach that the Kamloops mom took is worth emphasizing. Them aim was not to punish.
When the hockey players were asked who made the remark, no one would admit to it. They were expecting punishment or humiliation.
The solution truly is education – and it needn't come only in the form of an education package for minor hockey players.
Fighting oppression works best when it's done by many people in many different ways.
We can all play a part.
The World Cup starts today with matches in Delhi and Mumbai."A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup. I am sure the World Cup will be a treat for football lovers," the Prime Minister said.Modi will be a part of the World Cup's opening day proceedings, which will include a small ceremony at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.The tournament will be played in six cities -- New Delhi, Navi Mumbai, Kolkata, Guwahati, Kochi and Margao.Modi will be accompanied by FIFA General Secretary Fatma Samoura and Head of FIFA tournaments Jaime Yarza on the inaugural day.Indian football greats I.M. Vijayan, Bhaichung Bhutia and current national team captain Sunil Chhetri are also likely to be a part of the historical moment.
Coca-Cola's moves to make its drinks more appetising to millennials are paying off.
The soda giant beat forecasts for profits and revenues in the first three months of the year, as a makeover of its Diet Coke brand helped drive sales even as US soda consumption stands at a 31-year low.
Diet Coke returned to quarterly sales growth in North America for the first time in eight years, after the company redesigned its no-calorie cans with neon colours and unveiled flavours such as “twisted mango” and “feisty cherry”, citing demand from millennials for “adventures and new experiences”.
Coca-Cola chief executive James Quincey said they were “encouraged by the initial consumer response” to the Diet Coke rebrand.
The big soda companies have been grappling for years with shrinking demand for their historic core products as consumers look to wean themselves away from sugar.
New products
Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, which sell a combined $100 billion a year in drinks and snacks, have tried to reduce their reliance on soda by launching or acquiring new products, particularly in faster-growing drinks categories such as water and tea. In recent years, Coca-Cola has bought or taken stakes in brands such as Honest Tea, the organic tea brand, Suja Life, a cold-pressed juice maker, and AdeS, a soya-based beverage brand.
However, on Tuesday Coke said that it was a strong showing in its trademark cola beverage that had powered overall volume growth of 3 per cent in the quarter, impressing analysts. Soda volumes grew 4 per cent while water and sports drinks climbed only 1 per cent.
“The remarkable improvement in volume trends is good news,” said Pablo Zuanic, analyst at Susquehanna Financial.
The stock may “tread water” due to weaker pricing, however, Mr Zuanic warned. Coca-Cola cut prices in North America, Asia and Europe during the quarter. Shares were down 2 per cent in late-morning trading in New York.
Restructuring
Coke has been undergoing a broad restructuring as it moves away from bottling and distribution, which has affected its income statements in the past few years. The strategy is expected to drive higher operating margins as the company looks to become a more “asset-light” operation, but has hit sales in the short term.
The Atlanta-based company said revenues declined 16 per cent year on year to $7.6 billion as a result of the restructuring. This was better than analyst forecasts for $7.3 billion.
Stripping out structural changes, organic sales growth was 5 per cent in the quarter, ahead of forecasts of 4 per cent. Growth in North America, Coke's home market, was 1 per cent.
Adjusted earnings grew to 47 cents a share in the first three months of the year, from 43 cents a year ago, better than Wall Street expectations for 46 cents. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
March 28 Votum SA:
* Dariusz Czyz steps down as CEO as of March 29
* Czyz resigns as it receives a proposition from the controlling shareholder to become the deputy chairperson of supervisory board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
WASHINGTON, April 27 Here are some of the highlights of the Reuters interview with U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday.
ON POSSIBLE "MAJOR" CONFLICT WITH NORTH KOREA
"There's a chance that we could end up having a major, major, conflict with North Korea, absolutely."
QUESTION: Is that your biggest global worry at this point?
"Yes, I would say that's true, yes. ... North Korea would be certainly that."
ON GETTING SOUTH KOREA TO PAY FOR THAAD MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM
"On the THAAD system, it's about a billion dollars. I said, 'Why are we paying? Why are we paying a billion dollars? We're protecting. Why are we paying a billion dollars?' So I informed South Korea it would be appropriate if they paid. Nobody's going to do that. Why are we paying a billion dollars? It's a billion dollar system. It's phenomenal. It's the most incredible equipment you've ever seen - shoots missiles right out of the sky. And it protects them and I want to protect them. We're going to protect them. But they should pay for that, and they understand that."
ON WHETHER THE WAR AGAINST ISLAMIST EXTREMISM WILL EVER END
"Yours is the toughest question. Because at what point does it end? But we can't let them come over here. I have to say, there is an end. And it has to be humiliation. There is an end. Otherwise it's really tough. But there is an end. We are really eradicating some very bad people. When you take a look at what's going on with the cutting off of the heads. We haven't seen that since Medieval times. Right?"
ON CHINESE PRESIDENT XI'S EFFORTS TO REIN IN NORTH KOREA
"He certainly doesn't want to see turmoil and death. They don't want to see it. He's a good man. He's a very good man and I got to know them very well ...
We'll see how it all works out. I know they would like to be able to do something. Perhaps it's possible that they can't. But I think he'd like to be able to do something."
ON NORTH KOREAN LEADER KIM Jong-un
"He's 27 years old, their father dies, took over a regime, so say what you want but that's not easy, especially at that age. You know you have plenty of generals in there and plenty of other people that would like to do what he's doing. So I've said this before and I've, I'm just telling you, and I'm not giving them credit or not giving them credit. I'm just saying that's a very hard thing to do."
"As to whether or not he's rational, I have no opinion on it. I hope he's rational."
ON NAFTA AND TRUMP'S THREAT TO TERMINATE PACT
"I get a call from Mexico yesterday, 'We hear you're going to terminate NAFTA.' I said that's right. They said, 'Is there any way we can do something without you – without termination?' I said, 'What do you want to do?' They said, 'Well, we'd like to negotiate.' I said we'll think about it. Then I get a call, and they call me, I get a call from Justin Trudeau and they said, 'We'd like to see if we can work something out,' and I said that's fine. Because I've always - I've been very consistent. It's much less disruptive if we can make a fair trade deal than if we terminate."
ON TRADE AGREEMENT WITH SOUTH KOREA
"It's unacceptable. It's a horrible deal made by Hillary. It's a horrible deal. And we're going to renegotiate that deal, or terminate it."
QUESTION: When will you announce it?
"Very soon. I'm announcing it now."
"By the way, with South Korea, just so you know. They're ready for it. Mike Pence was representing me, they were just over there, he's told them. And we have the five-year anniversary coming up very shortly. And we thought that would be a good time to start ...
It's a great deal for South Korea. It's a terrible deal for us."
ON SAUDI ARABIA'S TREATMENT OF UNITED STATES
"Frankly, Saudi Arabia has not treated us fairly, because we are losing a tremendous amount of money in defending Saudi Arabia."
ON ANOTHER CALL WITH TAIWAN'S PRESIDENT?
"Well, my problem is that I've established a very good personal relationship with (Chinese) President Xi. And I really feel that they are doing everything in their power to help us with a big situation, so I wouldn't want to be causing difficulty right now for them ... So I would certainly want to speak to them first."
ON POSSIBLE GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN
"If there's closure, there's closure. We'll see what happens. If there's a shutdown. It's the Democrats' fault. Not our fault. It's the Democrats' fault. Maybe they'd like to see a shutdown."
ON TRUMP'S PLAN TO GENERATE REVENUE TO OFFSET TAX CUTS
"We will do trade deals that are going to make up for a tremendous amount of the deficit. We are going to be doing trade deals that are going to be much better trade deals ...
"There will be other ways that we are going to raise revenues. But we are going to run the country properly, and we are going to be reimbursed when we do things. Why should we be paying for somebody else's military?"
ON MIDDLE EAST PEACE AND POSSIBLE TRIP TO ISRAEL, SAUDI ARABIA
"It's a possibility, we're talking to both. It's a possibility, but I want to see peace with Israel and the Palestinians. There is no reason there's not peace between Israel and the Palestinians - none whatsoever. So we're looking at that and we're also looking at the potential of going to Saudi Arabia." (Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Kieran Murray, Toni Reinhold)
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
2016 Rio Olympics - Rugby - Preliminary - Men's Pool C New Zealand v Japan - Deodoro Stadium - Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - 09/08/2016. Sonny Bill Williams (NZL) of New Zealand reacts after an injury. REUTERS/Phil Noble
WELLINGTON Sonny Bill Williams looks set to make their long-awaited debut for the Auckland Blues on Saturday after being named on the bench for the Super Rugby clash with the Otago Highlanders in Dunedin.
The 31-year-old All Blacks centre, who tore their Achilles tendon during the Rio Olympics sevens tournament last August, last played in the longer format of the game in the 2015 World Cup final.
The twice World Cup winner will be joined on the bench by 21-year-old flyhalf Bryn Gatland, the son of British and Irish Lions coach Warren, who could make their Super Rugby debut.
Gatland was drafted into the Blues squad after Ihaia West suffered an ankle injury last weekend that could keep them out for up to four weeks.
All Blacks flanker Steven Luatua will start at number eight after completing a four-week suspension for a dangerous tackle in a boost for a Blues side who have won three and lost three of their first six matches.
"We have missed Steven's undoubted skills and it also allows Jerome (Kaino) to return to their role at number six where they are regarded as the best in the world," Blues coach Tana Umaga said.
For the Highlanders, All Blacks fullback Ben Smith returns after a hamstring injury forced their late withdrawal from the side that thumped the Melbourne Rebels 51-12 last week.
Loose forward Liam Squire will also make their return for the 2015 champions, who also have a 3-3 record, after four weeks out with a knee injury.
"We all know the New Zealand derby matches are incredibly intense games, you have to be at your very best to come away with the win," Highlanders coach Tony Brown said.
"Being at home this time in front of our fans on a dry track will hopefully help us put on a big performance."
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
: Miffed with their wife after a verbal spat, a deputy commandant with the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jumped into the Gomti river in Lucknow along with their two sons on Saturday, police said.While the elder son swam to safety, the CRPF official B.D. Maurya and their younger son are still missing and are feared dead.Police officials said that Maurya leapt into the river with their two sons at the Ghaila bridge in the Mandiaon area. They were apparently enraged after they had an altercation with their wife and took the extreme step. They came to the bridge in a car from Eldico city locality.The elder son Tejas, seven, is safe and under the care of the family while there is no trace of Vansh, three, who police fear may have drowned.Inspector Mandiaon, Amarnath Verma, and Circle Officer (CO) Aliganj, Meenakshi Gupta, rushed to the river bank and are overseeing the rescue operations as police and private divers are trying to fish out the bodies of the father and son.The inspector informed media that Maurya was posted at the CRPF office in the state capital and has a house in Eldico City on the IIM road.
April 20 Mindtree Ltd:
* March quarter consol net profit 972 million rupees
* Consensus forecast for March quarter consol net profit was 1.05 billion rupees
* Says recommended final dividend of INR 3 per share
* March quarter consol income from software services 13.18 billion rupees
* Consol net profit in March quarter last year 1.33 billion rupees as per Ind-AS; consol income from software services 13.20 billion rupees
* Says 328 active clients as of March 31, 2017
* Says quarterly annualized attrition is at 13.2% Source text: bit.ly/2pV9EVU Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO : A bottle of Pepsi is seen in this photo illustration February 10, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young/Illustration/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Model Kendall Jenner presents a creation from the Ralph Lauren Spring/Summer 2017 collection at New York Fashion Week in Manhattan, New York, U.S., September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly/File Photo
PepsiCo pulled a commercial featuring model Kendall Jenner on Wednesday after the ad prompted outrage and ridicule from those who said it trivialized rights protests and public unrest in the United States.
The ad, released late on Tuesday, shows the fashion celebrity and reality TV star in a photo shoot when they see protesters marching. Removing their wig and makeup, Jenner joins the crowd and hands a baseball cap-wearing police officer a can of Pepsi, prompting them to smile while marchers cheer and hug.
"Pepsi was trying to project a global message of unity, peace and understanding," the company said in a statement. "Clearly we missed the mark, and we apologize. We did not intend to make light of any serious issue. We are removing the content and halting any further rollout."
Pepsi also apologized to Jenner. A representative for Jenner did not return a call for comment.
The spot drew criticism on Twitter, with users saying it belittled the anti-police violence protests over recent years in cities including Ferguson, Missouri, and Baltimore following police killings of unarmed black men and women.
Pepsi said the ad was created by its in-house shop, Creators League Studio. Charlie Hopper, principal and writer at advertising agency Young & Laramore said such backlash is a risk brands take when they lack outside perspective.
"This is a good example of what happens when you don't get the objective input of a classic agency relationship that can say, 'We need to save you from your worst impulses,'" they said.
'THIS AD IS TRASH'
Observers quickly condemned the ad, which did not make clear what the marchers were protesting.
"If I had carried Pepsi, I guess I never would have gotten arrested. Who knew?" activist DeRay McKesson, one of the best-known voices of the Black Lives Matter movement, tweeted. "Pepsi, this ad is trash."
Tweet ID: "849447882356862978"
Bernice King, daughter of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr., whose assassination occurred 49 years ago on the day Pepsi's ad debuted, tweeted a picture of their father protesting as an officer's hand grips their chest, with the caption: "If only Daddy had known about the power of #Pepsi."
Tweet ID: "849656699464056832"
Many on Twitter criticized the advertisement as a play on today's Black Lives Matter movement, and circulated a 2016 image of Leshia Evans as a point of comparison. Evans, standing passively and wearing a dress, was detained by police in riot gear during a protest in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, not long after the fatal shooting of Alton Sterling by police.
It was not the first time Pepsi has touched a nerve. In 2013, it pulled an online ad for its Mountain Dew beverage amid complaints the spot embraced racial stereotypes and made light of violence toward women. The ad featured a battered white woman on crutches trying to pick out their assailant from a police lineup featuring five African-American men and a goat.
Dr. Boyce Watkins, a social commentator and author, had called that ad "arguably the most racist commercial in history."
Wall Street appeared unfazed by the flap, with PepsiCo trading marginally higher at $112.17.
(The story was refiled to correct paragraph 6 to show Hopper's title is principal and writer, not creative director)
(Reporting by Scott Malone and Tim Baysinger and Anya George Tharakan, additional reporting by Angela Moon; writing by Franklin Paul; editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Richard Chang)
LONDON (Reuters) - Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp defended their team selection after Everton snatched a late point in Sunday's Merseyside derby.
Soccer Football - Champions League - Liverpool vs Spartak Moscow - Anfield, Liverpool, Britain - December 6, 2017 Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp before the match REUTERS/Phil Noble
The German made six changes to the starting line-up that crushed Spartak Moscow 7-0 in a midweek Champions League group tie, leaving first-choice Brazilians Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino on the bench for the game at Anfield.
Dominic Solanke made their second league start up front instead.
Liverpool dominated possession and Mohamed Salah swept in a stunning goal just before the break, with the Egyptian then replaced by Firmino in the 67th minute.
Coutinho, who had scored a hat-trick on Wednesday, came on for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in the 78th minute - a minute after Everton captain Wayne Rooney had levelled from the penalty spot for their first goal in a Merseyside derby.
“That's my job. That I make decisions before I know they are right,” said Klopp in a prickly interview with Sky Sports television.
”And afterwards it's your job to say I‘m not right, no problem with that.
“Yes, I was sure this was the right decision. We brought Roberto Firmino on for Mo Salah. We could have scored before, we could have scored afterwards, we could have scored all the time. We lived more or less in their box,” added the German.
“And obviously we didn't do it. I have to take that. I have no problem with that.”
Liverpool's next outing is a relatively comfortable-looking home match against relegation-threatened West Bromwich Albion on Wednesday.
In Klopp's defence, Liverpool saw their title challenge collapse in January last year with numerous injuries and the manager will want to avoid a similar occurrence with Champions League knockout games to come.
A point from a match that always fires up the local passions was hardly a disaster and Liverpool at least continued two fine runs of form.
Klopp's side are now unbeaten in 10 games in all competitions, and stretched their unbeaten run against Everton in all competitions to a record-equalling 15 games. Everton have not won at Anfield since 1999.
Despite that, the circumstances of the penalty - with Dejan Lovren paying the price for a push on Dominic Calvert-Lewin - left the German showing their anger in their TV interview.
“We can stop the interview because I only want to talk to people who have a little bit of understanding about football. I‘m sorry. I‘m really... I cannot believe,” said Klopp when told by the reporter that it had looked like a penalty.
Dayton LGBT Center
now brick and mortar
Smile, you're NOT on camera. The new LGBT Center helps ensure the privacy
of members and visitors.
By Tammy Newsom
The Greater Dayton Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) Center has thrived as a virtual center for over 40 years, promoting equality and LGBT enhancement programs through support groups, mailing lists, and local nonprofit organizations. Since January 2017, when the LGBT Center acquired its new 6,000 square foot brick-and-mortar space at 4 North Jefferson Street in Dayton, it officially opened for use by the general public just as soon as the lease was signed.
Group members have voluntarily remodeled the entire space, having first taken out a whole wall, repainted rooms, and then replaced old broken-out windows. “It was a bit drafty when we opened (in January),” says four-year Dayton LGBT board President Randy Phillips. “But we've done all the work ourselves.”
With the new meeting house readily available, it wasn't long before the LGBT Center was able to offer enrichments to its existing traditional programming, such as the quarterly dinners, and give its members a permanent home with a designated dining area and kitchen. “A lot of our (LGBT) community can feel that camaraderie and share a meal and conversation,” says Phillips. As a result, many local groups from the general population have turned to the Greater Dayton LGBT Center for its contiguous support.
“People are drawn to us from as far south as West Chester, as far north as Sidney and as far west as Indianapolis and Richmond,” Phillips explains. “The LBGT Center is great to have as a safe space no matter what walk of life or religious background.” There are currently 80 or 90 outlets, including churches in the Dayton area that supply counselors listed in the annual resource guide for LGBT persons, published in June. “They rely on us to provide that information.”
Since the center has opened, weekly and monthly meetings have also been held simultaneously, such as the LGBT AA meeting, as well as the transgender support group. On Wednesdays the LGBT center's book club meets, and there are free yoga classes on Thursday evenings and Sunday mornings.
Not only do the pre-existing services now have a full-time space, but the Dayton LGBT center has implemented a boardroom, a small conference room, and a game room complete with over 600 donated video games, as well as public computers available for research or developing resumes. The newest facet of this jewel is the new Leon Bay Memorial Library. The library, an homage to one of the founding members of the Dayton LGBT center and long-time employee of the Dayton Metro Library, opened in 2017. The library houses over 1000 books on LGBT subjects or written by LGBT authors like Armistead Maupin. More importantly, it serves as a resource on LGBT history, which is not taught in schools. “LGBT rights history was only taught at university programs, then as a part of women's studies,” Phillips explains. “Now we want to be able to plan and educate the general population on the history of the LBGT people and the struggle we've had to get to where we're at today.”
The LGBT Civil rights movement began arbitrarily at the Stonewall Inn, a gay bar in Greenwich Village, Manhattan. Prior to that, many gay bars were often routinely raided and closed down. “Patrons were often dragged out of the bar and beaten,” Phillips says. “It was illegal to be gay at that time and many of the laws reflected that.” One night, patrons had decided they weren't going to take anymore. On June 28, 1969 a riot, also known as the Stonewall uprising, broke out that night and lasted for three days.
Even today, with the 2013 Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage, battles for equality are still being waged. Employers may still terminate employees for marrying same-sex partners. And as another example, a gender marker on a birth certificate cannot be updated in the state of Ohio, one of the last three states refusing to alter birth certificates for gender reassignment. Social security and the Ohio BMV will allow this, which leaves a potential problem for employers' identity verification.
Often the issue of implementing gender-neutral bathrooms in businesses and institutions surfaces for various reasons. “There are many people, including children or handicapped adults, male or female, that sometimes need assistance in the restroom,” says Phillips. “Where we can, we'd like to get more companies to build or designate restrooms as non-gender. This affords people the dignity they deserve.”
The Dayton LGBT Center offers gender neutral bathrooms in its facility, purposed for those both transitioned in gender and for handicapped access.
For more information on services and programs, please visit the Dayton LGBT Center, 24 N. Jefferson ST, STE 200 Dayton, OH 45402 or contact online at
www.daytonlgbtcenter.org.
The Federal Reserve raised US interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued US economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
The decision lifted the US central bank's benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point to a target range of 1.00 per cent to 1.25 per cent as it proceeds with its first tightening cycle in more than a decade.
In its statement following a two-day meeting, the Fed's policy-setting committee indicated the economy had been expanding moderately, the labour market continued to strengthen and a recent softening in inflation was seen as transitory.
The Fed gave a clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2 trillion (€3.7 trillion) portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession.
Normalisation
“The committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalisation programme this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated,” the Fed said in its statement.
According to an addendum released with the policy statement, the Fed anticipates that the balance sheet reduction plan would feature halting reinvestments of ever-larger amounts of maturing securities.
The Fed sees the cap for Treasury securities to be $6 billion per month initially, increasing in $6 billion increments at three-month intervals over 12 months until it reaches $30 billion per month.
For agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, the cap will be $4 billion per month initially, increasing by $4 billion at quarterly intervals over a year until it reaches $20 billion per month.
Reuters
* Shareholder payout plans come after pressure from founders
* Firm has been accused of corporate governance lapses
* Reports small rise in quarterly net profit
* CEO: $20 bln revenue target by 2020 "incredibly difficult thing" (Adds CEO comment on revenue target)
By Sankalp Phartiyal and Arnab Paul
MUMBAI/BENGALURU, April 13 Infosys set a $2 billion cash return to shareholders and appointed an independent director as co-chairperson, moves that may placate a group of founders and former executives who have criticised India's second-biggest software services exporter.
Some founders and former executives of the Bengaluru-based company have publicly accused its board of governance lapses and had urged it to reward shareholders through a share buyback like rival Tata Consultancy Services did with a $2.4 billion buyback announced in February.
Infosys said on Thursday it would return up to 130 billion rupees ($2.02 billion) to shareholders in the fiscal year ending March 2018, adding the manner of the payout will be decided by the board. It also appointed independent director Ravi Venkatesan as co-chairperson of the board.
Hugh Young, managing director of Aberdeen Asset Management Asia, said the payout and the new appointment were positive. Aberdeen owned Infosys shares as per the latest data available as of end-February.
"Infosys' balance sheet remains very strong and can still accommodate proper investment," said Young. "The new appointee hopefully allays governance, expertise concerns."
Shares in Infosys were down 3.7 percent at 0812 GMT, however, as the market had been hoping for a larger payout and a stronger outlook.
CHALLENGING ENVIRONMENT
Infosys said it expects revenue to grow 6.5 percent to 8.5 percent in constant currency terms during 2017-18.
"It is a challenging environment out there," CEO Vishal Sikka said at a press conference, adding that the outlook was tempered by the company's most recent quarterly performance.
Infosys is also likely to struggle to reach its ambitious $20 billion revenue target by 2020, as the $150 billion Indian software service sector has been hit by cautious client spending due to a wave of protectionism under the new U.S. administration.
"With the performance that we have seen in the last few quarters it was already a difficult thing and now it's an incredibly difficult thing," Sikka said.
The United States is the largest market for Indian software service companies and an Indian industry lobby group in 2016 cut its forecast for the sector's growth in the year to March due to global uncertainties.
Infosys reported a small rise in consolidated net profit to 36.03 billion rupees ($559.5 million) in the three months to March, from 35.97 billion rupees in the year-ago quarter.
Analysts, on average, had expected a consolidated profit of 35.67 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Quarterly revenue grew 3.4 percent year-on-year to 171.20 billion rupees.
"It's a lackluster kind of result and guidance," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities.
The company said it was positive on its financial services business, while retail was likely to remain volatile during the year.
"In U.S. particularly we've seen a couple of rate hikes and an easing of regulatory pressure so we expect some of the spend to come back later in the year, in terms of discretionary spend. So we remain fairly confident on the financial services," said Pravin Rao, the company's chief operating officer. ($1 = 64.3975 Indian rupees)
(Additional reporting by Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE, Anya George Tharakan and Tanvi Mehta in BENGALURU; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
April 12 Blackberry Ltd
* Qualcomm - announced binding interim arbitration award requiring co to refund a sum of $814.9 million, plus interest and attorneys' fees, to BlackBerry
* Qualcomm - arbitration limited to prepayment provisions unique to BlackBerry's agreement with co and has no impact on agreements with other licensee Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-At least 3 people injured in San Francisco shooting -local media
June 14 At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.
Peru's President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski next to prime minister Fernando Zavala (R) look at a map on a helicopter on the way to observe the floods in Piura, northern Peru, March 28, 2017. Luis Guillen/Presidential Palace/Handout via Reuters
Aerial view of flooded streets as Peru's President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski inspects floods from a helicopter in Piura, northern Peru, March 28, 2017. Luis Guillen/Presidential Palace/Handout via Reuters
Leon Mendoza stands next to their destroyed home, after rivers breached their banks due to torrential rains, causing flooding and widespread destruction in Huachipa, Lima, Peru, March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mariana Bazo
Residents cross a flooded street after rivers breached their banks due to torrential rains, causing flooding and widespread destruction in Piura, Peru, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Miguel Arreategui
Residents cross a flooded street after rivers breached their banks due to torrential rains, causing flooding and widespread destruction in Piura, Peru, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Miguel Arreategui
Aerial view of flooded streets as Peru's President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski inspects the floods from a helicopter in Piura, northern Peru, March 28, 2017. Luis Guillen/Presidential Palace/Handout via Reuters
LIMA Extreme floods wreaking havoc in Peru are also threatening the South American country's rich archeological heritage and the tourism that thrives on it, a Peruvian archaeologist said on Tuesday.
At least 50 archaeological sites in Peru have been damaged by the intense rains that are battering northern Peru, resulting in a drastic drop in related tourism, said archaeologist and explorer Walter Alva.
Alva discovered the tomb of Peru's "Lord of Sipan" in 1987, a gold-adorned find that established the Moche culture as one of Peru's rich coastal civilizations that flourished long before the Incan Empire in the Andes.
Some researchers believe that Moche society collapsed because of an El Nino event and other climate changes during their rule from 200-700 AD, a reminder for some of the challenges now facing Peru due to unpredictable weather.
A sudden warming of waters off Peru's coast this year, as well as an unusual easing of trade winds, have unleashed torrential downpours that have killed dozens of people and displaced more than 100,000 in recent weeks.
Alva said two pyramids out of some 20 at the Bata Grande archaeological site are under imminent threat due to flooding in the northern region of Lambayeque.
Day-long downpours in recent weeks have beaten rainfall records in several districts in Peru's northern coastal region, which is home to scores of archaeological sites that date back to 1,500 years B.C.
"All of the main historic monuments are being impacted by the erosion they're suffering from because of the rains and overflowing rivers," Alva told Reuters by telephone.
People have made the flooding worse by trying to divert the natural flow of rivers, a practice that led to La Leche River bursting its banks near Batan Grande.
The 1,700-year-old tomb of the Lord of Sipan should be able to resist the floods because a drainage system has been installed. However, visits to the Lord of Sipan museum have dropped by 80 percent because much of the region's infrastructure has been destroyed.
(Reporting by Marco Aquino; Writing by Mitra Taj; Editing by Paul Tait)
May 2 RNTS Media N.V:
* Said on Friday strong programmatic and video business activity resulted in an increase in gross revenues of +68.9 percent to 218.1 million euros ($238.17 million) compared to 129.1 million euros in 2015
* Improved the full year 2016 adjusted EBITDA result by 6.4 million euros to -5.8 million euros; Q4 adjusted EBITDA close to break-even at -0.5 million euros
* In 2017, RNTS Media expects to continue the growth achieved in 2016 by fully integrating Fyber, Fyber RTB, Heyzap and Inneractive into a single strong operating company that will provide significant opportunities for further efficiencies and scalability. This is expected to deliver in excess of 280 million euros in revenues and adjusted EBITDA in excess of 3 million euros
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9158 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - INFANT BACTERIAL THERAPEUTICS AB :
* REG-OUTCOME OF INFANT BACTERIAL THERAPEUTICS' RIGHTS ISSUE
* ‍RIGHTS ISSUE FOR IBT‘S SHAREHOLDERS HAS BEEN FULLY SUBSCRIBED​
* ‍IBT WILL THEREBY RAISE APPROXIMATELY SEK 440 MILLION BEFORE DEDUCTION OF ISSUE COSTS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May has suggested owners of diesel cars could get some help from the government if cities adopt new charges to tackle pollution, the BBC reported on Wednesday.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan plans to charge the most polluting cars and vans a daily fee of 12.50 pounds ($16) to enter the city centre from 2019, making the British capital the latest city to crack down on gas-guzzling cars.
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by Estelle Shirbon)
* U.S. jobs growth falls short but trend seen intact
* Euro pressured by French election uncertainty
* U.S. dollar net long positions at 5-week low-IMM data
TOKYO, April 10 The dollar started the week at three-week highs against a currency basket on Monday, after a key U.S. Federal Reserve official reinforced the central bank's commitment to continue raising interest rates.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major rival currencies, added 0.1 percent to 101.230 after rising as high as 101.340, reaching its highest levels since March 15.
New York Fed President William Dudley said the Fed might avoid raising interest rates at the same time that it begins shrinking its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio, prompting only a "little pause" in the central bank's rate hike plans.
Their comments bolstered U.S. Treasury yields which added to the dollar's appeal. The benchmark 10-year yield, which wallowed at its lowest levels since November on Friday, last stood at 2.385 percent in Asian trading, up from its U.S. close of 2.373 percent.
"Rising interest rates in the U.S. are supporting the dollar, I think," said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief currency strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
Foreign exchange markets largely shrugged off comments from St. Louis Fed President James Bullard, regarded as a dove, to reporters in Australia on Monday.
Bullard said the central bank could begin winding down its massive balance sheet sometime later this year in a shift that would make it less necessary to raise the official funds rate.
Financial markets were also watching out for developments in the Syrian civil war following last week's U.S. missile strike on an airbase in Syria, which had given the perceived safe-haven Japanese currency a boost.
The U.S. attack was in retaliation for what it said was a chemical weapons attack on civilians by President Bashar al-Assad's forces. The strike drew sharp criticism from Russia, and questions from U.S. allies about future policy.
"Geopolitical risk can be a potentially positive factor for the yen, with risk aversion and flight to safety," Yamamoto added. "As for the euro, markets are pricing in uncertainty around the French presidential election."
The dollar added 0.3 percent to 111.40 yen.
Geopolitical tensions in Asia were also in focus, after the U.S. decision to move a Navy strike group toward the Korean peninsula following a provocative missile test by North Korea. White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said on Sunday that the move was a "prudent" step.
U.S. jobs data on Friday missed forecasts but still suggested that overall labour market strength remained intact. Jobs growth slowed sharply in March because of bad weather and as layoffs continued in the retail sector, but the unemployment rate dropped to a near 10-year low of 4.5 percent.
Despite expectations for more Fed interest rate hikes, speculators further trimmed their bullish bets on the U.S. dollar in the week ended April 4, pushing net longs to their lowest level since late February, according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday and calculations by Reuters.
"This is not the kind of market in which the dollar is gradually bought," said Kumiko Ishikawa, FX market analyst at Sony Financial Holdings.
"There are still geopolitical concerns, such as the Syrian situation, in the background, and there are no fresh incentives or reasons to buy the dollar," they said.
The euro edged down 0.1 percent to $1.0584 after earlier touching $1.0570, its lowest level since March 9.
Polls have for weeks shown centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen on track to top the first round of voting on April 23 and go through to a May 7 runoff. But recent polls have shown the race tightening.
The Australian dollar slipped 0.2 percent to $0.7482 after earlier plumbing $0.7474, a level last seen in January. (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Eric Meijer)
DAKAR/TAIPEI A state-run Taiwanese bank has successfully sued two African countries for $212 million in unpaid loans and brought a claim against a third, court documents showed, in a possible warning to allies who switched sides in Taiwan's spat with China.
The three claims brought by the Export-Import Bank of the Republic of China EXIMC.UL before a U.S. district court against Guinea Bissau, Central African Republic and Democratic Republic of Congo amount to a total of at least $261.4 million including loans and interest.
The first case is pending and the other two Eximbank won.
"We see this as a commercial loan case," Johnson C.T. Liao, vice president and spokesperson for Eximbank, told Reuters. They said most of Eximbank's loans are international and are repaid.
"Usually there is a long period of negotiation. Then when we can't find a way, we have to go through the legal process to protect the debt claims," Liao said.
But analysts say the legal action by Eximbank, which falls under Taiwan's finance ministry, is likely to be a warning about the costs of forging diplomatic ties with China.
Guinea Bissau and Central African Republic have withdrawn support for Taiwan since the loans were disbursed and Congo did not ditch China even after receiving the money.
Taiwan's foreign ministry said it could not comment on the matter because the case involves commercial loans. A Guinea Bissau official said the government was committed to responding to this claim under the rule of law but that its first priority is the welfare of its people and stability of the country.
Officials in Congo and Central African Republic did not respond to requests for comment.
"It is not surprising that Taiwan would seek repayment from nations that switched allegiance," said The Atlantic Council's Robert Manning, noting new tensions in China-Taiwan relations since the election of Tsai Ing-wen as president last year.
Tsai is also the leader of a ruling party that traditionally advocates independence for Taiwan, a red line for Beijing.
"It is in part about getting their money back, but in no small part, a bit of retribution," Manning said.
DEBT RELIEF CONTROVERSY
All the claims filed at a district court New York State and seen by Reuters are for loans dating back to the early 1990s -- a period when Taiwan and China used "dollar diplomacy" to attract allies in Africa after the end of the Cold War.
The borrowers each failed to repay any principal and most of the interest on the loans, the filings showed.
Taiwan has competed with China for recognition since defeated Nationalists fled there in 1949 at the end of China's civil war, but the tables turned in Beijing's favor in the 1970s when the United Nations and United States switched sides.
Only 21 mostly small and poor countries recognize Taiwan, and a person familiar with government thinking says maintaining allies is difficult since they can always ask for a better deal or go to China instead.
In the last two decades Taiwan, whose economy is 20 times smaller than China, has struggled to compete with Beijing's billions of dollars in aid and debt annulments. In Africa, only Burkina Faso and Swaziland still recognize Taiwan.
As recently as December, Sao Tome and Principe broke ties with Taiwan in favor of China, a decision the west African nation's prime minister, Patrice Trovoada, explicitly linked to development aid expected from Beijing.
All of the Taiwanese bank's cases have been brought since December 2015, according to the filings which are lodged in a public database whose existence few are aware of.
Judges found in favor of the bank in the cases of Congo and Central African Republic for $57.3 million and $154.9 million respectively in two separate rulings in January 2017.
It is unclear how the countries will settle the claims. The case brought in June last year against Guinea Bissau adds up to at least $49.2 million, or nearly a fifth of its last budget.
Bissau is arguing that the time frame for proceedings has expired, according to a memo submitted this month. The official said they hoped a resolution could be reached by year-end.
Claims against some of the poorest, most unstable countries in Africa are controversial as many states have been granted debt relief under an International Monetary Fund and World Bank initiative after extensive campaigns to relieve Third World debt.
However, Taiwan has not been admitted as a full member of either body.
"The coffers are virtually empty and paying the attorneys in New York is a lot for them," said a Western diplomat, referring to the case against Guinea Bissau, which has experienced coups, and a civil war since taking the money and is now in the middle of a political crisis.
No defense lawyer details are listed for the Central African Republic, where more than three-quarters of the population lives in poverty, or for Democratic Republic of Congo, in a possible sign of a lack of money or expertise.
Former Taiwan ally Niger managed to cut a claim by Eximbank to $20 million from $183 million in a 2015 deal.
(Additional reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York, Liang-sa Loh in Taipei, Alberto Dabo in Bissau, Crispin Dembassa-Kette in Bangui and Aaron Ross in Kinshasa; Editing by Tim Cocks and Giles Elgood)
The seats of the Renault Captur are not only premium, but keep you comfortable and safe as well
Update: Renault Captur Launched At Rs 9.99 Lakh
The Renault Captur is a stylish looking SUV. The LED lights, floating turn indicators and the 17-inch crystal cut alloy wheels come together to make it look handsome. The Captur is not just good looking though. It packs in a lot of practicality as well. Step inside and the first-in-class ErgoDesign leather** seats, with quilted diamond pattern gold deco stitching, which give the seats a sculpted look, immerse you in luxury. The dual tone leather seats are not only soft to touch but also gel with the white and gold interior scheme.
How big is the Renault Captur? Here's an interesting read: Renault Captur - Size Matters!
The ErgoDesign leather seats are engineered after years of research to ensure optimum comfort, even on long journeys. They are well bolstered and hold occupants in with proper cushioning on both the base and the back support. The front seat backrest is wide, and the extra bolstering extends right from the base and ends just below the shoulders. It's made to hold the driver's torso in place even when the Captur is driven spiritedly. Extra cushion on the base and proper bolstering on the sides tuck the driver in for a confident and comfortable seating position.
Check out 5 cool features of the Renault Captur here
The Renault Captur gets a height-adjustable driver's seat, which when combined with a tilt-adjustable steering column lets the driver get into a commanding driving position. So, it's not just the view up front that gets improved, but also all around the SUV. An ergonomically designed front centre armrest allows the driver to rest their arm on longer drives. In a similar fashion, the rear armrest too is aimed to keep the rear occupants comfortable. It even has two cup holders for added convenience.
Convenience is opening the boot at the touch of a button on the key fob. Captur's smart access card does just that. Check it out here.
The seats are not just comfortable, but are safe as well. The front seats get side airbags, taking the total count of airbags in the cabin to four. These are expected to come in handy in the unfortunate event of a front or side collision. Together, the dual-tone leather, quilted stitching, solid bolstering, adjustable height, armrests and airbags offer the perfect combination of ergonomic design, comfort and safety. The front seatbelts are also height-adjustable offering drivers and front passengers the convenience of adjusting them to their liking.
There are a host of customisation options on offer on the Renault Captur. Check them out here.
* Sponsored feature **Composite leather
Renault makes it easy to own the newly launched Captur with EMI options starting from as low as Rs 13,999 and funding of up to 85 per cent on the ex-showroom price!
There's no arguing that the Renault Captur is one gorgeous-looking SUV! It's big, the design has a quintessentially European flair and there's premiumness writ large over it, from whichever angle you look at it. That the Captur is based on the same robust platform as the Duster and comes with its proven mechanicals makes it a package that's hard to resist. But it's not just looks and dynamics alone that make the Captur attractive. Renault has rolled out EMI offers on the Captur that make owning the SUV easier on your wallet and a hassle-free affair.
Here's a look at the EMI options offered on the Captur:
Variant
Ex-showroom Delhi
Normal EMI
DELIGHT+ EMI
Difference
RXE Petrol
₹ 9,99,999
₹ 13,999
₹ 15,199
₹ 1,200
RXL Petrol
₹ 11,07,999
₹ 15,499
₹ 16,799
₹ 1,300
RXT Petrol Mono Tone
₹ 11,69,999
₹ 16,499
₹ 17,799
₹ 1,300
RXT Petrol Dual Tone
₹ 11,86,999
₹ 16,699
₹ 17,999
₹ 1,300
RXE Diesel
₹ 11,39,999
₹ 15,999
₹ 17,299
₹ 1,300
RXL Diesel
₹ 12,47,999
₹ 17,499
₹ 18,799
₹ 1,300
RXT Diesel Mono Tone
₹ 13,09,999
₹ 17,999
₹ 19,399
₹ 1,400
RXT Diesel Dual Tone
₹ 13,26,999
₹ 18,199
₹ 19,599
₹ 1,400
Platine Diesel MT Mono Tone
₹ 13,88,999
₹ 18,799
₹ 19,999
₹ 1,200
Platine Diesel MT Dual Tone
₹ 14,05,999
₹ 19,799
₹ 21,199
₹ 1,400
Conditions of the EMI scheme
Renault offers up to 85 per cent funding on the ex-showroom price of the Captur. Its personalisation options, extended warranty and insurance (through Renault Assured program) can also be funded by just additionally paying Rs 1200 with the EMI if you opt for the DELIGHT+ scheme (which also helps in lowering the initial down payment).
The above calculated EMIs come with a tenure of 84 months (with 1 advance EMI option), while you can also opt for other options and it will change accordingly.
EMIs are calculated on ex-showroom price + Personalisation + Renault Secure + Renault Assured
+ Renault Secure + Renault Assured
Renault Secure is an extended warranty programme which offers all-inclusive parts and labour charges along with 24x7 roadside assistance and accidental towing at no extra cost. Further, the extended warranty is also transferable to the new owner in case you want to sell your car. Renault Assured is an insurance programme through Renault's insurance partners. It includes hassle-free claim settlements and near-cashless accidental repairs among others.
Also Read: Renault Captur: Variants Explained
May 2 Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc:
* Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 revenue fell 0.9 percent to $75 million
* Q1 revenue view $270.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc qtrly adjusted FFO per diluted share $ 1.22
* Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc qtrly ffo per diluted share $ 1.17
* Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc - reaffirming its 2017 guidance provided on February 28, 2017
* Says does not expect to update guidance before next quarter's earnings release
* Ryman Hospitality Properties says believes guidance range issued previously remains an accurate reflection of anticipated full-year performance
* Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc qtrly total revenue $ 276 million, up 56 percent
* Q1 FFO per share view $1.16 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 FFO per share view $5.52 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 revenue view $270.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A protester wearing a Europen Union flag themed beret takes part in an anti-Brexit demonstration after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the Euopean Union, in Birmingham, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Staples
North Carolina's solar boom
Thanks to a decades-old green power law, North Carolina has become the second largest solar market in the United States, behind only California.
here
Samsung dreams of recovery
After the Note 7 debacle and the ensuing cash hemorrhage, Samsung is pinning its hopes on the new Galaxy S8 to regain the market leadership lost to Apple.
Brexit countermeasures
Carmakers and airlines demanded Britain secure a Brexit deal to preserve their access to Europe after Prime Minister May formally triggered Brexit on Wednesday.
here
Who are GM's top shareholders?
General Motors has rejected a proposal by billionaire investor David Einhorn to split its common stock into two classes to help boost its share price. Einhorn's Greenlight Capital ranks among the company's top 20 shareholders.
here
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
(Recasts; adds House tax committee chair's comment)
By David Morgan
WASHINGTON, April 6 Conservative activist groups that generally support Republicans but oppose a pro-export, anti-import Republican tax proposal, released a study on Thursday estimating its impact on individual U.S. states, underscoring the party's division over taxes.
With taxes at the top of Republican priorities, the two groups, backed by the wealthy Koch brothers, reported that seven states won by President Donald Trump in November's election would be among the 10 hardest hit by the proposal.
Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, both based in the Washington area, said the "border adjustment tax," or BAT, would harm all 50 states, but that those heavily dependent on imports could suffer most.
The report predicted economic harm to Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas - all states Trump won in the 2016 presidential election. The list of hard-hit states also includes California, New Jersey and Illinois, which were carried by Democrat Hillary Clinton.
The study was sharply criticized by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, a Texas Republican who intends to include the BAT in tax reform legislation this spring.
"That so-called study will be easily discredited and probably fits the definition of fake news," Brady told reporters. "It takes one provision, pretends the economy freezes ... applies it in our current tax code and comes up with fantasy figures."
BAT, billed as a way to boost U.S. manufacturing, would exempt export revenues from federal tax, while ending the deductibility of import costs by corporations, making imports for production or resale costlier.
The plan is part of a tax reform blueprint supported by House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. Trump is also working on a tax plan.
Billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch have funded both groups behind the study. The Kochs exert strong financial and ideological influence on the Republican Party.
Opposition to BAT from the Kochs and import-dependent industries suggests a rocky road ahead for Trump's stated priority of tax reform.
The proposal is also opposed by a number of Senate Republicans who could prevent its passage, should the House approve a tax reform bill that contains it.
Koch organizations, including the brothers' privately held conglomerate Koch Industries, have warned that BAT could devastate the U.S. economy by raising prices on consumer goods, including gasoline. Refineries owned by Koch Industries rely on oil imports from Canada.
The Koch groups say they support tax reform but oppose BAT.
(Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Dan Grebler)
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 4 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Name: Dr. Chris Lambert
Location: Santa Barbara
Role: Emergency room physician
Dr. Chris Lambert has worked in the emergency rooms of Santa Barbara and Goleta Valley Cottage Hospitals for more than 30 years.
A Santa Barbara native, Lambert said they chose to be an emergency physician because they liked the fast-paced environment.
“What I enjoy is when you are an emergency physician, you have to communicate with patients in a way that's precise and quick at the same time,” Lambert said.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
Lambert has dealt firsthand with patients suffering with the unforgiving affects of drugs and alcohol.
“Clearly, alcohol-related incidents are very common in the emergency department,” Lambert said. “We see patients with alcohol-related issues daily. A majority of visits during the day is usually with the homeless population and during the night it usually skews toward the college-aged population.”
With its close proximity to Isla Vista and the UCSB campus, Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital's emergency room frequently treats students for alcohol-related incidents.
“During the weekends there is a significant portion of students coming in,” said Lambert, a UCSB graduate himself. “We tend to see episodic extremes during Halloween and Floatopia.”
Asked whether there has been an upward trend in emergency room visits by young people as a result of excessive alcohol consumption, Lambert said in their time as an emergency department physician the number of incidents has remained consistent, but has not dropped.
While alcohol poisoning and drug overdose are less common, according to Lambert, there has been a rise in complications stemming from prescription drug use mixing with alcohol.
“There have been recent cases where there has been a combination of drug, alcohol, sedatives and narcotics,” said Lambert, who heads Cottage Health System's Frequent Opiate User Program, which monitors patient prescription histories to determine if they're seeking additional drugs.
“It's rare to have a case that involves just polydrug overdose. If you're drinking heavily, it markedly increases your chances of hospitalization. It's a very dangerous combination and patients end up with medical complications.”
As the mixture of drugs and alcohol has become more frequent, Lambert called for students and young people to be more responsible and practice common sense. As a medical expert familiar with the dangers of drugs and alcohol, they had some advice.
“We're concerned about the excessive drinking and binge drinking,” Lambert said. “Moderation is a good thing. Never mix alcohol and drugs. If you see one of your friends appear to be in danger, you need to call 9-1-1 early.
“Our goal as physicians is to administer good medical treatment, not to get someone in trouble.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk intern Tim Fucci can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
April 28 Capio AB (Publ)
* Says Capio S:t Goran's hospital wins competition law case in Patent and Market Court of Appeal
* Says this ruling cannot be appealed, and thus case is closed
* Says the procurement at issue, for clinical physiology services such as physiological tests for sleep apnea and stress echocardiography, took place during 2008 and was completely separate from the hospital's main contract with the Stockholm County Council (SCC)
* Says in 2013 the Swedish Competition Authority filed a claim with the Stockholm District Court to contest the subcontract. The District Court's judgment was delivered in December 2015. The court partially upheld the Competition Authority's claim and ordered Capio S:t Gorans Sjukhus to pay a fine of 1.1 MSEK Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
NEW YORK Some of the actively managed funds that have performed the best since the Nov. 8 presidential election are switching from "Trump Trade" bets on financial and infrastructure stocks into beaten-down sectors such as retail, apparel or biotech.
The managers say those sectors now have a lot of upsides while a rally fueled by expectations Donald Trump's administration will cut taxes and boost infrastructure spending has run its course because of growing doubts the new administration can deliver on those promises any time soon.
"We're taking some money off the table,” said Scott Goginsky, a co-portfolio manager of the $24.8 million Biondo Focus Fund. The fund gained 25.6 percent between Election Day and the end of March, according to Morningstar data.
Goginsky's fund, which counts sportswear brand Under Armour Inc among its largest holdings, has been selling shares of large-cap financial companies and buying "brands and companies that still have pricing power when Amazon is taking over everything," they said.
Shares of Under Armour lost 54 percent over the last 12 months in part because of increased competition with Nike for shelf space at retailers.
Most of the portfolio managers that topped post-election performance charts moved into financials and infrastructure stocks before Nov. 8 and did so primarily because they looked cheap, not because they thought Trump would win. In fact, only few predicted the vote's outcome.
With the price-to-earnings ratio of the benchmark S&P 500 near the high end of its historical range, the broad market has baked in deep tax cuts that look less likely after Trump's attempt to pass a new healthcare bill shattered, fund managers say.
As a result, they are paring back their exposure to the stock market as a whole and in some cases raising their cash holdings.
"I'm not a fan of the market at these levels," said Arnold Schneider, portfolio manager of the $48.7 million Schneider Small Cap Value fund. With a 28.2 percent gain since Nov. 8 it is the top-performing actively managed equity fund tracked by Morningstar over that time.
Schneider said only energy stocks and small-cap financial services companies seemed to have some upside after falling 6.2 percent and 5 percent respectively this year.
"I think financial services are the best story in the market," they said, given recent declines coincide with rising interest rates that should help financial firms shore up their margins.
Schneider counts oil and gas services company Weatherford International PLC, crude oil producer Whiting Petroleum Corp, and regional bank Regions Financial Corp among their largest positions.
FADING 'TRUMP TRADE'
It appears that investors at large, not just the top performers, are abandoning the ‘Trump Trade' stocks.
Companies in the S&P 500 index with the highest effective tax rates that would gain the most from the promised cuts have given up all of their post-election gains, according to a research note from Goldman Sachs published last week.
While Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan acknowledged last week that Congress and the White House were not "on the same page yet” on a tax package, the administration has tried to assure of its commitment to a business-friendly agenda.
On Tuesday, Trump told a group of chief executives that their administration was reducing regulations and revamping the Wall Street reform law known as Dodd-Frank, which might be eliminated and replaced with "something else."
White House economic adviser Gary Cohn on Friday said taxes remained a top priority and the administration aimed to complete a plan for tax code overhaul this year. They acknowledged, though, it may not be ready until the fall.
One of the top-performing managers believes the "Trump Trade" rally still has legs.
Graham Tanaka, whose $15.1 million Tanaka Growth fund is up 15.6 percent since the election, said they expected Trump to succeed in passing corporate tax cuts. That would push the earnings of the S&P 500 companies up 10 to 15 percent, justifying elevated valuation levels.
Tax cuts should spur more corporate and consumer spending on technology, Tanaka argues, and has been raising Apple Inc and Tesla Inc holdings. Tanaka is also moving more money into shares of underperforming biotech firms, such as ProMetic Life Sciences Inc and Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. Ionis shares are down 19 percent for the year after analysts expressed concerns about its drug pipeline.
"We think that this company has been beat up for the wrong reasons and is one of the biggest innovators in the biotech space," Tanaka said.
(This story corrects fund performance in paragraph 19.)
(Reporting by David Randall; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Tomasz Janowski)
U.S. oil producer Devon Energy Corp (DVN.N) said it would divest about $1 billion of its assets, and also reported a quarterly profit that beat analysts' estimates.
The assets include certain portions of its Barnett shale properties focused around Johnson County, Texas.
"This divestiture program ... supports our capital program and places us firmly on track to achieve our production growth targets in 2017 and 2018," Chief Executive Dave Hager said in a statement.
Net earnings attributable to Devon was $565 million, or $1.07 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with a loss of $3.06 billion, or $6.44 per share, a year earlier.
The year-ago quarter included an asset impairment charge of $3.04 billion and restructuring and transaction costs of $247 million.
On an adjusted basis, Devon earned 41 cents per share, while analysts on average had expected 40 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The company said its total operating expenses nearly halved to $2.84 billion.
Devon, like other oil and gas companies, has been keeping a tight leash on costs since a slide in global crude oil prices started in mid-2014.
Revenue jumped 67 percent to $3.55 billion. However, total production, net of royalties, fell 17.8 percent to 563,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
Shares of the company rose 2.8 percent to $39.97 in after-hours trading on Tuesday.
(Corrects paragraph 2 to say Johnson County is in Texas, not Kansas)
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar and John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
TORONTO May 3 Ecoasis, a Canadian real estate developer, has started a strategic review of the Bear Mountain resort in British Columbia, which could lead to a potential sale, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
Any deal would include 772 acres in the resort area, one of the biggest pieces of land that is expected to come up for sale in Canada this year, as well as contracts to run two golf courses, a Westin hotel and a spa, the sources said, declining to be named as the matter is not yet public. The Westin hotel chain is owned by Marriott International.
Ecoasis has hired Jones Lang LaSalle, the real estate services firm, as exclusive adviser to explore a sale, the people said.
Ecoasis, which has properties in Whistler, Victoria and Hawaii, focuses on acquiring land and developing residential and resort properties.
The move comes as foreign buyers show increasing interest in the Canadian real estate market, and the assets are expected to attract interest from both domestic and global players.
The project has a gross development value of well over C$1 billion ($729.71 million), the sources said.
As the property has been zoned with the necessary permits, a potential buyer would be able to build residential buildings such as single-family and townhouses as well as condominiums, the sources added.
Pension funds have also been looking at land and development assets. In 2013, British Columbia Investment Management Corp acquired a Canada Post office site. Earlier this year, BCIMC's QuadReal Property Group bought Vancouver's Oakridge Centre, a retail mall with redevelopment potential, in a deal which sources pegged at more than C$1 billion. ($1 = 1.3704 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Denny Thomas and Jeffrey Benkoe)
The legendary Junaid Jamshed had been ruling over ample hearts while they were a part of Vital Signs. The maestro then turned towards religion, leaving behind their swiftly elevating career but they did not stop winning hearts. They knew that they owned a majestic voice and they recorded abundant Islamic renditions that made a diverse but huge populace admire him. In an unfortunate plane crash, the singer turned religious scholar embraced martyrdom.
Their son, Babur Junaid Jamshed has been on their father's path since the beginning. Whenever they miss their father, they post Junaid's photos or videos on their Instagram account and the occasions they miss their dad are seriously uncountable.
Babur has also intoned a tribute to their father which is certainly sufficient to get you in tears.
Amidst insanely extravagant wedding ceremonies and birthday parties, the young Jamshed has also tied knot albeit in a relatively smaller affair, attended by family and close friends. None of the photos of their weddings have surfaced on the social media neither have any celebrities put up photos on their social media platforms.
The groom has told their friends and fans about the wedding via their own Instagram account. They have posted a photo of himself, standing with their spouse Mahnoor Babur.
My Bride?? @mahnoorbabur_ A post shared by Babur Junaid Jamshed (@baburjunaidjamshed) on Apr 22, 2018 at 2:22am PDT
Babur looks dapper in a black Sherwani meanwhile their better half looks absolutely exquisite in red embellished with breathtaking jewelry. The video you are about to see will make you respect this young man. They have kept their father alive in both their heart and spirit. They have sung for their wife and posted the rendition with a caption, ‘Yeh Shaam Phir Nahi Ai Gi'. What a legit genuine man!
Yeh Shaam Phir Nahi Ai Gi… A post shared by Babur Junaid Jamshed (@baburjunaidjamshed) on Apr 23, 2018 at 11:21pm PDT
Mahnoor and Babur have been Nikkahfied since January 14th.
Got Nikkahfied With Mahnoor Ghaznavi A post shared by Babur Junaid Jamshed (@baburjunaidjamshed) on Jan 13, 2018 at 2:14pm PST
And the cutest young couple shares phenomenal bonding.
I Love You So Much Mahnoor! A post shared by Babur Junaid Jamshed (@baburjunaidjamshed) on Feb 6, 2018 at 10:08pm PST
We wish Babur Junaid Jamshed to live a life full of love, happiness, and contentment.
What are your thoughts about this story? Tell us in the comments below.
Comments
comments
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
THE HAGUE/SAN JOSE (Reuters) - Costa Rica claimed victory over Nicaragua on Friday, after the United Nations' highest court awarded Costa Rica disputed territory along the coastal border shared by the two Central American countries.
Nicaragua was ordered by the International Court of Justice in The Hague to remove a military base from a contested coastal area near the San Juan river, which the judges said violated Costa Rican sovereignty.
The court's panel of 15 international judges also found that Costa Rica has sovereignty over the “whole northern part of Isla Portillos, including the coast,” but excluding Harbour Head Lagoon.
Costa Rica's President Luis Guillermo Solis called the decision “historic,” while Foreign Minister Manuel Gonzalez said it was very close to what the country had asked for.
In a separate case heard at the court earlier on Friday, Nicaragua was ordered to pay Costa Rica nearly $379,000 dollars - less than it had asked for - in reparations for environmental damage to parts of its wetlands at the mouth of the disputed San Juan river.
FILE PHOTO: Environmental officials inspect Isla Portillos, a 16-square-km swath of the Caribbean wetland at the center of a dispute between Costa Rica and Nicaragua April 5, 2011. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate/File Photo
Costa Rica should be compensated by April 2 for damage caused, the cost of environmental restoration, expenses and interest, the court said.
“The amount is not what we hoped for, but we accept fully and respectfully what the court decided,” Gonzalez said. “Nicaragua has a valuable opportunity to rebuild trust between the two countries and close the chapters that have distanced us in recent years.”
FILE PHOTO: Three representatives of the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands look for environmental damage on Isla Portillos, a 16-square-km swath of the Caribbean wetland at the center of a dispute between Costa Rica and Nicaragua April 5, 2011. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate/File Photo
Nicaragua's government called the environmental verdict a “major defeat for Costa Rica” in a statement. It did not comment on the other cases.
As part of the border settlement, the court drew a new maritime boundary between the states, who have had rival claims since 2002, when Nicaragua published maps detailing oil concessions. Some of those were in waters claimed by Costa Rica.
Related Coverage U.N. court orders Nicaragua to remove military camp in dispute with Costa Rica
Costa Rica had filed the suit in 2014, asking the court to determine its borders with Nicaragua in the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean.
In 2010, Nicaragua sent soldiers to open an artificial waterway to divert water from the San Juan River that divides both countries to a nearby Nicaraguan lake, in what Costa Rica saw as a move to shorten its territory. Nicaragua said it was dredging a natural waterway.
LONDON (Reuters) - Usain Bolt's unparalleled career ended in extraordinary drama on Saturday as they pulled up with injury on the anchor leg of their very last race, the 4x100 metres relay final at the World Championships.
The 30-year-old had taken the baton for Jamaica a few metres adrift of the two leaders when, straining hard to catch them, they stopped abruptly with cramp in their left hamstring, began hobbling and tumbled to a halt after a forward roll.
As Britain went on to win gold, Bolt lay on their back in their lane, their head in hands, being tended to by medics as one waited with a wheelchair to help push them off the track.
Yet the sport's greatest entertainer was determined that one of the finest careers in sport was not going to end with them in a wheelchair.
So the fastest man of all-time, surrounded by their three worried teammates, Omar McLeod, Julian Forte and Yohan Blake, rose gingerly to their feet and limped the last 30 metres to the line.
The official result recorded that the Jamaicans did not finish but Bolt had been absolutely determined to ensure they completed the last race after a matchless career in which they won 19 major championship gold medals.
Typically, Bolt's only thoughts were with the teammates they felt they had let down.
"He kept apologising to us but we told them there was no need to apologise," Forte said. "Injuries are part of the sport."
McLeod added: "It just happened - Usain Bolt's name will always live on."
THIRD PLACE
Justin Gatlin, the American winner of the individual 100 metres who had consigned Bolt to third place in their final individual race last Saturday, paid tribute to their rival.
"I think it was the elements (that caused the injury). I'm sorry they got this injury.  They are still the best in the world," Gatlin said.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 4 x 100 meters relay final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Usain Bolt of Jamaica reacts after sustaining an injury.
"This is farewell time, I am sentimental about it already now. In the warm-up area, we give ourselves respect and greeted each other. Usain Bolt is a great athlete."
Kevin Jones, the Jamaican team doctor, said Bolt had suffered cramp in their left hamstring.
Blake was angry at having to wait for two medal ceremonies to take place before the race.
"It was 40 minutes and two medal presentations before our run ... we were kept 40 minutes. It was crazy," Blake said. "They were holding us too long.
Slideshow (2 Images)
"We keep warming up and waiting, then warming up and waiting. I think it got the better of us.
"It hurts to see a true legend, a true champion go out there and struggle like that."
Jamaican team manager Ian Forbes praised Bolt for "going out there and giving their all" and added that the squad were "very saddened".
"The diagnostic work will be done shortly to determine how serious it is. They were able to walk to the team bus so hopefully that signals it's not as serious as it possibly could be," Forbes said.
With the 56,000-strong crowd going wild about the British victory, there was still time for them to hail the sport's favourite performer, who waved to them a mite forlornly while hobbling away from the track.
Five years ago, almost to the very night, British distance running hero Mo Farah had broken into Bolt's lightning bolt pose in this same stadium and the Jamaican had reciprocated with the Briton's trademark "Mobot" to mark their joyous supremacy at the London Olympics.
Yet in the same stadium on Saturday, they attempted in vain to reprise that triumphant night, Farah ending up with silver in their final track race, over 5,000 metres, and Bolt suffering their anti-climactic farewell.
Their leaving of the track scene leaves a void in the sport that does not look like being filled any time soon.
Contact
Markus Spielmann
***@markusspielmann.com Markus Spielmann
End
-- Markus Spielmann Inc.'s Eleanor Prior noted thatwill have three ongoing Phase III programs by the end of the year for its lead candidate, a transdermal synthetic cannabidiol (CBD), with results expected in the first half of 2017, which could provide a "major inflection point" for the shares. Prior initiated coverage for the company with a Conviction Buy rating and price target of $177.00We believe success in the refractory epilepsy program is strongly supported by recent oral CBD data in orphan pediatric epilepsies achieved by," the analyst mentioned.In addition, the delivery of Epidiolex through the skin, thereby avoiding first pass metabolism by the liver, could prove to be a significant advantage for the product candidate, while minimizing safety risks."Avoiding the gut, Epidiolex also avoids unwanted interactions, including the potential conversion of CBD into THC," Prior explained.Epidiolex demonstrated strong tolerability in the initial Phase I studies, with limited side effects to the gut, which is a known adverse effect of oral CBD."The market for refractory focal seizures is large and underserved, with approximately one-third of patients unable to achieve seizure freedom. We estimate Epidiolex could achieve peak sales over $2 billion across U.S. and EU markets," the analyst went on to say. Apart from focal epilepsy,also has two more Phase II studies in osteoarthritis and Fragile X syndrome (FXS), the data for which is also expected in the first half of 2017.For further information on Markus Spielmann Inc. visit https://www.markusspielmann.com
NEW YORK May 3 Wall Street ended slightly lower on Wednesday after the U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged following its two-day policy meeting and investors digested another heavy round of earnings reports.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 6.43 points, or 0.03 percent, to 20,956.32, the S&P 500 lost 3.25 points, or 0.14 percent, to 2,387.92 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 22.82 points, or 0.37 percent, to 6,072.55. (Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
May 3 Manulife Financial Corp
* Manulife reports 1Q17 net income of $1,350 million and core earnings of $1,101 million, and $1 trillion in assets under management and administration
* Manulife Financial Corp - qtrly earnings per share $0.66
* Manulife Financial Corp - qtrly diluted core earnings per common share of $0.53
* Manulife Financial Corp says core return on common shareholders' equity of 11.1%, compared with 9.3% for 1Q16
* Manulife Financial Corp - generated net flows of $4.3 billion in wealth and asset management businesses in 1Q17 compared with $1.7 billion in 1Q16
* Manulife Financial Corp says qtrly premiums and deposits from insurance products $8,471 million versus. $8,186 million last year
* Manulife Financial Corp - insurance sales of $1.3 billion in 1q17, an increase of 39% compared with 1Q16
* Manulife Financial Corp - other wealth sales of $2.1 billion in 1q17, a decrease of 11% compared with 1Q16
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.52 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Manulife Financial Corp - all figures in C$ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Ultra Petroleum Corp :
* Ultra Petroleum successfully emerges from in-court restructuring
* In support of its plan of reorganization, Ultra raised $2.98 billion in exit financing in order to pay creditors
* In connection with its emergence from Chapter 11, company is issuing 195.0 million shares of new common stock
* Common stock is anticipated to begin trading on NASDAQ at opening of trading on April 13, 2017, under ticker symbol "UPL"
* Has been approved to list newly-issued common stock on NASDAQ global select market
* Has added Neal Goldman and Alan Mintz to board as new independent, non-executive members Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK (AP) — An estimated 6.3 million people saw the premiere of Netflix's "Lost in Space" within the first three days that the streaming service made it available this month, a promising start that would make it one of the outlet's more popular series after the phenomenon of "Stranger Things."
The Nielsen company is starting to draw the curtain back on some of the user numbers for streaming services, which have been reluctant to do so on their own.
"We've had a lot of anxiety among our clients about sharing this data with you," said Brian Fuhrer, senior vice president of product leadership for Nielsen, on Tuesday, "because they're still learning it."
Nielsen's data also shows the impact of binging: the average "Lost in Space" viewer watched the show for two and a half hours on those first few days. Netflix released 10 separate one-hour episodes of the show on April 13 and, within three days, nearly 1.2 million people watched the last episode, a clear indication they'd seen the whole season.
Advertisement
Roughly 10 percent of the total time spent watching television now is spent with streaming services, Nielsen said. The number approaches one-quarter of all viewing among viewers aged 12 to 17. Netflix dominates, with 49 percent of the streaming viewing coming on their service. YouTube's 10 percent is the second-highest individual service, Nielsen said.
For all of the attention that new series put on by the streaming services gets, Nielsen said that 80 percent of the viewing goes to older programs like "Friends."
Four years ago, 88 percent of television viewing came on cable or satellite. Now that number is down to 79 percent, an indication of the impact of cord cutting, Nielsen said.
On the broadcast networks last week, ABC's "Roseanne" was again the week's most-watched show.
CBS easily won the week in prime time, averaging 6.7 million viewers. NBC had 4.8 million viewers, ABC had 4.4 million, Fox had 3 million, Univision had 1.6 million, ION Television had 1.3 million, the CW had 1.2 million and Telemundo had 1.1 million.
TNT was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 3.06 million viewers in prime time. Fox News Channel had 2.37 million, MSNBC had 1.94 million, HGTV had 1.35 million and ESPN had 1.3 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8.5 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" was second with 7.9 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 6 million viewers.
For the week of April 16-22, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "Roseanne," ABC, 13.27 million; "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 12.91 million; "Young Sheldon," CBS, 11.67 million; "NCIS," CBS, 11.44 million; "Bull," CBS, 10.83 million; "The Voice" (Monday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 9.35 million; "60 Minutes," CBS, 9.02 million; "Mom," CBS, 8.83 million; "NCIS: New Orleans," CBS, 8.46 million; "The Voice" (Wednesday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 8.39 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
NEW YORK (AP) " The "Star Wars" spinoff "Rogue One" has led the box office for the third straight week, taking in an estimated $64.3 million over the four-day New Year's weekend.
The success of "Rogue One" has only further cemented a record year for the Walt Disney Co., which ran up more than $2.7 billion in domestic ticket sales in 2016 and accounted for more than 25 percent of the market. "Rogue One" has grossed about $440 million in North America and nearly $800 million globally.
In its second week of release, the animated "Sing," from Universal Pictures, again trailed in second with $56.4 million
Some Oscar contenders are also packing theaters. The Los Angeles musical "La La Land" grossed $12.3 million. And Denzel Washington's August Wilson adaption, "Fences," made $12.7 million.
Switzerland-based ShapeShift, a digital currency exchange, said on Wednesday it has raised $10.4 million in capital from both U.S. and international venture capital investors to fund future expansion.
ShapeShift instantly exchanges digital currencies such as bitcoin for other online tokens without using conventional currencies such as dollars or euros. The company has grown an average of 48 percent per month since launching just under three years ago, it said in a statement.
The Series A funding was led by Berlin-based Earlybird. Other new investors include Lakestar, Access Venture Partners, Pantera Capital and Blockchain Capital. Previous ShapeShift backers FundersClub and Digital Currency Group also participated. So did the digital asset exchange's founder and chief executive officer, Erik Voorhees.
The funds will be mainly used for further expansion of the company to keep up with its growth and to release two exchange products this year, the company said.
ShapeShift's Series A funding represents the largest capital raised for a financial exchange that is not based on conventional currencies, the company said.
"When we started ShapeShift, a future world of natively digital assets was very theoretical," Voorhees said in a statement.
"Yet this world is quickly arriving; one in which millions of forms of digital value, from access keys to tokenized derivative contracts to video game items, will trade between people and machines all over the world, every second of every day."
The ShapeShift platform supports more than 40 digital currencies and assets, including bitcoin, ethereum, dash, litecoin, Augur's REP token, and Monero. Any of these assets may be sold for any other, with more than 1,080 direct trading pairs.
"ShapeShift's team built a compelling crypto exchange engine which can be easily integrated into third-party products," said Christian Nagel, partner at Earlybird.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
SINGAPORE, April 3 (IFR) - High-yield issuance shows no sign of slowing in Asia, with Indika Energy testing the market with a Triple C rating dollar offering today.
Most high-yield names held up in secondary trading today, but some sold off heavily.
"Most high-yield credits are unchanged, but some industrial names are lower," said a credit trader. MIE Holdings bonds were around 2.5 points lower, as concerns mounted about its ability to refinance its 2018 and 2019 bonds.
China Hongqiao Group's 2017s and 2018s dropped around 4 points after it said there would be a delay in filing its full-year 2016 results, due to an investigation into issues raised by its auditor, and to address claims made by short-sellers.
Hongqiao also said it planned to sue Emerson Analytics, which published a research report critical of the company.
The Asia ex-Japan iTraxx investment-grade index was half a basis point tighter at 93bp/95bp.
The cost of 5-year CDS for South Korea was flat, despite comments by President Trump over the weekend that the US would "solve" North Korea by itself if China would not apply pressure.
In high grade, CK Hutchison's 2027 bonds were seen flat at Treasuries plus 115bp, while its 2022s were 1bp tighter at Treasuries plus 94bp.
(Reporting by Daniel Stanton; Editing by Vincent Baby)
April 20 Telephone And Data Systems Inc
* Telephone and Data Systems - on April 13, FCC announced U.S. Cellular was winning bidder for 188 600 Mhz spectrum licenses for aggregate purchase price of $329 million
* Telephone and Data Systems Inc says at inception of auction process in June 2016, U.S. Cellular made an upfront payment to FCC of $143 million
* Telephone and Data Systems Inc says U.S. Cellular is required to pay remainder of purchase price of $186 million to FCC by May 11, 2017
* Telephone and Data Systems - U.S. Cellular currently expects to make such payment using cash on hand and/or borrowings under its revolving credit agreement Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2pFUcAR) Further company coverage:
KUWAIT CITY Suspected Islamic State militants arrested in Kuwait and the Philippines were planning to carry out bombings against U.S. military forces in Kuwait, the Gulf country's al-Rai newspaper reported on Monday.
The suspects were also plotting a suicide attack on a hussainiya, or Shi'ite Muslim meeting hall, said al-Rai, which has close ties to the security services.
Philippine security forces arrested a Kuwaiti and a Syrian for suspected links to Islamic State on March 25, three months after they arrived in Manila.
Al-Rai said Kuwaiti security forces also arrested a Syrian chemistry teacher suspected of involvement with the plots.
A spokesperson for the U.S. Embassy in Kuwait referred queries to Kuwaiti authorities. Kuwaiti security officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Kuwait, home to several U.S. military bases, suffered its deadliest militant attack in decades when a Saudi suicide bomber blew themselves up inside a packed Shi'ite mosque in June 2015, killing 27 people. Islamic State claimed responsibility.
(Reporting by Ahmed Hagagy Writing by Katie Paul; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
CAIRO, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Egypt's annual urban consumer price inflation fell to 26 percent in November from 30.8 percent in October, the official statistics agency CAPMAS said on Sunday.
Inflation shot up in Egypt after the country floated the pound currency in November last year, reaching a record high in July on the back of energy subsidy cuts. (Reporting by Arwa Gaballa)
(Adds New York City comment)
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK, March 30 A federal judge on Thursday dismissed a lawsuit by taxi owners and lenders accusing New York City and its Taxi and Limousine Commission of jeopardizing their survival by imposing burdensome regulations and letting the Uber ride-sharing service take passengers away.
U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan in Manhattan said credit unions, medallion owners and trade groups failed to show they were denied due process or equal protection by having to obey rules on fares, who they can pick up, vehicle equipment, and access for disabled people that Uber drivers need not follow.
While the city's ground transportation industry "may well, as plaintiffs allege, be rapidly evolving," the differences in how yellow cabs and ride-sharing services serve passengers, including whether rides are hailed on the street or by smartphone, "easily justify" such distinctions, Nathan wrote.
The growth of services such as Uber and Lyft in New York has caused the value of a medallion, essentially the right to operate a yellow cab, to fall by more than half from its $1.3 million peak in 2014, according to recent sale listings.
That has left lenders facing greater delinquencies from drivers who owe more than their medallions are worth, even as they risk losing additional market share.
"Make no mistake about it - we fully expect the fight on behalf of the New York City taxicab industry to continue in state and federal court for as long as it takes," Todd Higgins, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, said in an email after Nathan issued their 33-page decision.
Nick Paolucci, a spokesperson for the city's law department, in an email said the decision "recognized TLC's broad jurisdiction and the complex dynamic of the regulator's role in industries experiencing rapid change."
Among the plaintiffs were the Melrose, Progressive and Lomto Federal credit unions, which said they had made more than 4,600 medallion loans worth over $2.4 billion.
Two of the other plaintiffs were the League of Mutual Taxi Owners and the Taxi Medallion Owner Driver Association, which together represent about 4,000 medallion owners.
Nathan said the city had a rational basis to treat yellow cabs differently, citing needs to promote safety, convenience and fare uniformity given that only those cabs could pick up passengers off the street.
They said it was premature to call the alleged deprivation of cabs' "right to hail exclusivity" an unconstitutional "taking" without just compensation, saying the plaintiffs could seek some redress through a state administrative proceeding.
The case is Melrose Credit Union et al v City of New York et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-09042. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown and Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 1-Google agrees future tax payments with Indonesia, minister says
* Google's future tax may be subject to change in ad regulation
April 20 Meda Inc Bhd
* Entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement for proposed disposal of Summit Hotel Bukit Mertajam to Teraju Menang
* Disposal for a consideration of 20 million rgt
* Proposed disposal will result in Meda Group realising a gain of 6 million rgt Source text (bit.ly/2o6NwM1) Further company coverage:
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Causing havoc
Robbie Savage has admitted that they were “an all-round nuisance” when they were trying to force through their move away from Birmingham City.
In their Mirror Sport column, where they talk about the situation concerning Riyad Mahrez, Leicester City and a failed transfer deadline day move to runaway leaders Manchester City, the former Welsh international explained why they sympathise with Mahrez, who is to be fined a couple of weeks wages for not turning up to training.
Savage offered their own experience as to why they understood Mahrez's frustrations, amid plenty of criticism from elsewhere, particularly in 2005 when they set their heart on a move to Blackburn Rovers.
Eventually, then Blues boss Steve Bruce had to give in and allow the midfielder to leave for Ewood Park, but not before he'd caused their manager unnecessary problems.
Steve Cotterill explains why they couldn't add to Birmingham City squad in January transfer window
“In my opinion, Mahrez is worth £75m — but if they want to go, he's only worth as much as Leicester can get for him,” Savage wrote.
“There is talk of them being fined for failing to show up for training, but I know – from personal experience – how galling it can be when your heart lies elsewhere in football.
“When I was a player and I wanted to leave Birmingham for Blackburn, I caused havoc when I didn't get my way at first.
“I'm not proud of my behaviour – I was smashing balls away in training, knocking on doors, getting sent home and being an all-round nuisance – but I never downed tools.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Sheffield Wednesday vs Birmingham City: TV details, team news, predicted XIs, boss thoughts, betting odds
“Even when I was made to turn out for the reserves, I applied myself in a professional manner during games although it came to a point, away at Newcastle, where I was only at 95 per cent – and that was the end for me and Steve Bruce, and I got my way.
“And I have to admit: If I had been denied my move to Blackburn, I would never have forgiven Bruce.
“I had a month to make my move to Blackburn happen – but Mahrez only had few days. If City had registered their interest earlier in January, I suspect they would have struck a deal well inside the deadline.
“Even now, when Leicester look at the bigger picture, surely they will have to concede that Riyad Mahrez has been an unbelievably good player for them... but it's time to let them fulfil their potential.”
Selection dilemmas
Birmingham City go in search of their first away win against Sheffield Wednesday in 12 years this weekend.
Blues have not emerged victorious at Hillsborough since December 2006 when Stephen Clemence, Gary McSheffrey and Cameron Jerome were on target for the visitors.
The Owls have won four and drawn two at home to Blues since - including a 3-0 result in February last year.
Banking three points on Saturday could take Blues as many as four points above the drop zone, while Sheffield Wednesday sit four places above Steve Cotterill's side in 16th position.
Team news
Cotterill's policy of consistent team selection for league matches in recent weeks could be rocked with David Davis and Jacques Maghoma doubtful.
Both players starred in the 3-1 victory over Sunderland on Tuesday evening before they were brought off.
Maghoma pulled their groin while Davis hurt their thigh.
"One is 50/50 and nip and tuck and the other one probably won't play, so that's where we are with them," said Cotterill.
Isaac Vassell is the only long-term absentee.
GK/defence
Having a settled back five is beginning to pay dividends.
Stockdale remains the first-choice goalkeeper while it's difficult to argue the case for any defensive swaps.
"I wasn't waiting with baited breath" Birmingham City manager Steve Cotterill's transcript
Midfield
Keeping changes to a minimum is key to extending the momentum that's been created over the last month or so.
Operating on the proviso that Davis is out - it's a straight swap with Gardner coming in. Lowe is another option for Blues but it's anther quick turnaround with the replay against Huddersfield on Tuesday.
Alongside Gardner it's Kieftenbeld and Ndoye, keeping the same shape.
Attack
Again, making only enforced changes, Maghoma's places it taken by Adams.
There's a temptation to bring in Jota but Adams will do a better job of replacing the energy lost by Davis and Maghoma's absences.
We saw how useful pacey breaks can be for Blues against Sunderland and Adams, with Tuesday's goalscorers Gallagher and Boga, is the best option to look to do that again.
There's also scope for Adams and Boga to swap sides during the game.
4-2-1-3: Stockdale, Colin, Roberts, Dean, Grounds, Kieftenbeld, Gardner, Ndoye, Adams, Gallagher, Boga.
Let us know who you think Cotterill should select by using the widget above.
All you need to know
Birmingham City take on Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday looking to break their four-year Hillsborough duck.
Blues haven't scored at the stadium since 2014 and haven't won there since 2006.
But confidence is rising with Steve Cotterill's side having taken 10 points from their last five matches after the 3-1 win over Sunderland on Tuesday.
Blues can also take encouragement from their 1-0 victory over the Owls earlier this season.
Here's a full preview ahead of the match.
Match details
Kick off is at 3:00pm at Hillsborough on Saturday, 3 February.
The match has not been chosen for live TV coverage but fans can catch the highlights on Channel 5's Championship show which begins at 9pm.
You can follow the action with our Blues live blog while BBC WM will provide commentary.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Team news
The hosts could be boosted by Marco Matias' return to action with the Portuguese forward having trained ahead of the game.
However Barry Bannan and Keiren Westwood have suffered fresh setbacks in their recoveries, while Gary Hooper, Sam Hutchinson and Steven Fletcher are sidelined with long-term injuries.
How Birmingham City are expected to line up against Sheffield Wednesday - and who could miss out
Cotterill's policy of consistent team selection for league matches in recent weeks could be rocked with David Davis and Jacques Maghoma doubtful.
Both players starred in the 3-1 victory over Sunderland on Tuesday evening before they were brought off.
Maghoma pulled their groin while Davis hurt their thigh.
"One is 50/50 and nip and tuck and the other one probably won't play, so that's where we are with them," said Cotterill.
Isaac Vassell is the only long-term absentee.
Blues boss Steve Cotterill says
"There has been a lot of money spent at Sheffield Wednesday over the last couple of years.
"There has been an expensive squad assembled. They had a very good season last year, obviously lost out toward the back end of the season.
"But you know what this Championship is like, it's a difficult league and themselves and Reading have obviously found it difficult this year on the back of a high season.
"But I've no doubt they'll come again because they're a very big club and from time to time it happens you go through these tough times.
"Carlos is not there anymore. He's someone I know from meeting them a few years ago in pre-season trip and obviously playing against him.
"They've obviously changed since then and changed their formation. But that's something we know enough about and by tomorrow we'll be prepared and ready to go again."
"I wasn't waiting with baited breath" Birmingham City manager Steve Cotterill's transcript
Sheffield Wednesday manager Jos Luhukay says
“I am pleased with the progress of the team and the confidence is growing.
“We go into the game with a good feeling and it is important we have 100% focus and concentration to move to a better position in the league.
“We have trust in the team and hopefully in the next weeks we can welcome back our injured players to make us strong.”
Predicted XIs
Sheffield Wednesday: Wildsmith, Palmer, Venancio, Pudil, Thorniley, Fox, Reach, Butterfield, Pelupessy, Wallace.
Blues: Stockdale, Colin, Roberts, Dean, Grounds, Kieftenbeld, Gardner, Ndoye, Adams, Gallagher, Boga.
Who is the referee?
The man in the middle is Scott Duncan.
The last Blues match they were in charge of was the 6-1 defeat at Hull City in September.
Duncan didn't show any cards but awarded Hull a penalty.
They will be assisted by Daniel Robathan and Philip Dermott. The fourth official is Geoff Eltringham.
What are the bookies saying?
Sheffield Wednesday 23/20
Draw 21/10
Blues 13/5.
With a few bug fixes and improvements, Facebook's release of React 15.6 paves the way for the final release of React 16.0. React 15.6 cleans up a few issues, improves inputs, and includes a couple of new warnings for upcoming deprecations.
According to a blog by software engineer at Facebook, Flarnie Marchan, React 15.6 makes the onChange event for inputs more reliable and able to handle more edge cases, including: not firing when radio button is clicked but not changed; changing an input of type range with the arrow keys; auto-fill in IE11; and several other issues.
The Facebook React team also included new warnings for upcoming deprecations, which shouldn't affect most users. After the last release, the React community found that deprecation warnings were causing noise and failing tests, so in this release deprecation warnings have been downgraded to use console.warn instead of console.error.
“Unlike our other warnings, deprecation warnings can be fixed over time and won't cause problems in your app if shipped,” Marchan wrote. “We believe that downgrading the urgency of deprecation warnings will make your next update easier.”
For installing React, Facebook recommends using Yarn or npm for managing front-end dependencies. Facebook also recommends using a bundler like webpack or Browserify so developers can write modular code and bundle it into small packages to optimize load time, according to Marchan.
* India take first innings lead of 352
* Kuldeep takes four wickets
* Touring side posted 487 (Updates after Sri Lanka innings)
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Left-arm wrist-spinner Kuldeep Yadav picked up four wickets for 40 as India bundled out hosts Sri Lanka for 135 in their first innings for a lead of 352 on the second day of the third test on Sunday.
India were earlier all out for 487 in their first innings in the first over after lunch after Sri Lanka left-arm spinner Lakshan Sandakan took a five-wicket haul for the first time in tests.
All-rounder Hardik Pandya was out for 108 after scoring their first test hundred and was the last batsman to be dismissed for India, who lead the three-match series 2-0.
Sandakan finished with 5-132, while left-arm spin colleague Malinda Pushpakumara took 3-82 for the hosts. (Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by John O'Brien and Pritha Sarkar)
BERLIN German authorities are investigating 20 Turkish citizens on suspicion of conducting espionage in Germany, a newspaper reported on Thursday.
Die Welt said it received the information in an official government response to a question about the issue filed by Sevim Dagdelen, a German lawmaker with the hard left party Die Linke.
Tensions are running high between the two NATO allies ahead of a referendum in Turkey next month that proposes expanding the powers of President Tayyip Erdoğan. Berlin infuriated Ankara after cancelling several campaign rallies by Turkish ministers in Germany, drawing accusations from Turkey of "Nazi" tactics.
Germany's Federal Prosecutor's Office (GBA) said last month it had launched a probe into suspected spying by Turkey.
German media said at the time that the entity being investigated was the Turkish Intelligence Agency (MIT) and that it was suspected of spying on supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. Ankara accuses Gulen of organising a failed coup last July, a charge they deny.
"At the moment we are investigating a total of 20 suspects on suspicion of conducting secret service agent activities on behalf of the Turkish government," the German government wrote in its answer to the German lawmaker, Die Welt said.
German police in February raided the apartments of four imams suspected of spying on followers of Gulen on behalf of the Turkish government.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BIOARCTIC AB:
* BIOARCTIC RECEIVES US PATENT PROTECTION FOR A METHOD WITH A MEDICAL DEVICE FOR TREATMENT OF PATIENTS WITH COMPLETE SPINAL CORD INJURY
* NOTIFICATION STATES THAT US PATENT 9,895,234 WILL BE GRANTED AND ENTERS INTO FORCE ON FEBRUARY 20, 2018.
* ‍PATENT WILL PROVIDE IMPORTANT PROTECTION FOR METHODS OF TREATMENT OF PATIENTS WITH COMPLETE SPINAL CORD INJURY​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
DUBAI, April 5 The United Nations called on Yemen's warring parties on Wednesday to safeguard the strategic Red Sea port of Hodeidah as a lifeline for millions of Yemenis facing potential famine.
The Yemeni government and its Arab allies are preparing an assault on Hodeidah port, which has been the entry of nearly 80 percent of Yemen's food imports, because they say the Iran-aligned Houthis use it to smuggle weapons and ammunition.
Local officials say the government and its allies have positioned two recently-trained brigades for a possible attack. One is 230 km (140 miles) north of Hodeidah and the other 130 km (80 miles) to the south, so they would have to cross large areas of Houthi-held territory if they set off to seize the port.
"The continued military escalation in Yemen, specifically the militarisation of large regions on its Western Coast and the associated increase of humanitarian access obstacles and population movement restrictions, are of grave concern to the humanitarian community," the Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator in Yemen said in a statement issued on Tuesday.
"This is only resulting in more displacement, more institutional collapse, and more suffering."
More than two years of civil war have cut food deliveries by more than half and pushed the Arabian Peninsula's poorest country to the edge of famine. The United Nations says nearly 3.3 million people, including 2.1 million children, are acutely malnourished.
"The Yemen Humanitarian Country Team calls on all warring parties and on those with influence over the parties to ensure the continued functioning of Hodeidah Port," the statement said.
Yemen has historically imported 80 to 90 per cent of its food, mostly through Hodeidah. Five cranes at the port there have been destroyed by airstrikes, forcing dozens of ships to line up offshore because they cannot be unloaded.
"The port is located in a densely populated urban center where thousands of people live and any military campaign in its vicinity, from the ground or air, would have devastating civilian consequences," the agency warned.
The conflict pits the armed Houthi group against the government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, backed by a Saudi-led Arab alliance. More than 10,000 people have been killed by coalition air strikes and fighting on the ground.
The coalition was formed in 2015 to fight the Houthis and troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, who have fired missiles into neighboring Saudi Arabia. (Reporting by Tom Miles; Writing by Aziz El Yaakoubi; Editing by Sami Aboudi and Tom Heneghan)
ATHENS Greece said on Tuesday it wants to tap bond markets soon after reaching a comprehensive deal with its international lenders, including debt relief.
Greece expects to conclude talks on fiscal issues and reforms by May 22 to conclude a crucial bailout review which will pave the way for the disbursement of vital loans.
"The Greek government is aiming at tapping the markets as soon as possible after wrapping up the second (bailout) review and a comprehensive deal on the medium-term (measures) for the debt," government spokesperson Dimitris Tzanakopoulos told a news conference.
(Reporting Renee Maltezou, Writing by Lefteris Papadimas)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Staff at businesses across Wearside have proved themselves to be all round ‘good eggs' by helping others less fortunate have a choc-tastic time this Easter.
EDF, Gentoo and Parseq were just some of the companies who launched Easter Egg donation drives in aid of those less fortunate across Sunderland.
Parseq deliver Easter eggs to Sunderland Royal Hospital children's ward, from left Parseq'sTina Ramshaw, Rebecca Evison and Catherine Brannigan deiver gifts to Kenzie Hammons,10
Those benefitting from the kind gestures of workers include the homeless, families affected by domestic abuse and children's charities.
John Craggs, Chief Executive of Gentoo Group, where staff teamed up with Barclays to collect and distribute more than 600 Easter eggs, said: “I am thrilled with the amount of eggs we have collected this year, the generosity from staff and customers across Gentoo and Barclays has been fantastic.
“The Good Egg campaign is a great way to spread some joy and make a difference to people in need across Sunderland. It's extremely important for us give something back to the local communities we work in. A huge thank you to staff, Barclays and the community who have donated an egg to the campaign.”
Each year the company calls on business across Sunderland to take part in its Good Egg campaign.
The families struggle on low budgets and so generosity such as this is very much appreciated and put a big (chocolaty) smile on all of the children's faces. Gemma Stidolph
Gemma Stidolph, Support Worker at Ashkirk Homelessness Household Project, one of the beneficiaries, said: “We are over the moon at the kind of donations we have received from Gentoo, which have helped make Easter special for the families here at Ashkirk.
“The families struggle on low budgets and so generosity such as this is very much appreciated and put a big (chocolaty) smile on all of the children's faces. We would like to thank everyone once again for the continued support we receive.”
Wearside Women in Need were also gifted with chocolate treats and cuddly toys thanks customer service workers based at EDF Energy at Doxford Park.
Kevin Gatens, head of EDF Energy customer services in the North, said: “The Wearside Women in Need charity do some great work throughout the region, so we wanted to give them a small gesture of Easter eggs to give to the families they help.”
Wearside Women in Need charity provides a range of services to families suffering from domestic violence living in Sunderland. These include a 24-hour helpline, advice support and accommodation, supported accommodation for women suffering from mental health issues, activities and support for excluded young people aged 13-19.
Meanwhile, youngs patients at Sunderland Royal Hospital also received an Easter treat when staff from Parseq called in to drop off a donation of chocolate eggs.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
MADRID Spain will not reopen the Castor underwater gas storage facility which was shut in 2014 following minor earthquakes in the area, after a study showed tremors could return if it resumed operations, the government said on Wednesday.
Meant to store almost a third of Spain's daily gas consumption, Castor stopped gas injections after more than 200 minor earthquakes were detected in 2013.
A study by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard University commissioned in October 2015 aimed to detect the origin of the quakes and their connection with the facility.
"The localisation of the tremors coincide with the Amposta fault line and the studies conclude that these faults were put under stress as a result of the gas injections," the energy ministry said in a statement.
Castor was designed to store 1.3 billion cubic metres of gas and pump it in to the national grid when needed.
The consortium which built the plant, including Spanish builder ACS (ACS.MC) and Canada's Dundee Energy, was paid 1.35 billion euros ($1.47 billion) in 2014 in compensation for not being able to operate the site.
(Reporting by Jose Elias Rodriguez; writing by Paul Day; editing by Julien Toyer and Jason Neely)
Helicopter pilot Steve Askin's father Paul was in tears today as they talked of how proud they were of their son, who they lost four days before their 38th birthday in a crash in Christchurch's Port Hills yesterday.
Former SAS soldier Steve Askin died in the helicopter crash near the Sugarloaf car park. They had been fighting the fires on the Port Hills.
Steve Askin. Source: Facebook.
"You know I've lost a son but I had them for thirty eight years," their father, Paul, said today.
"His little kids are only four and seven, they've lost a dad, it's a huge hole."
They say the military accolades their son received, including being awarded the Gallantry Star, were something their son kept to himself.
"He showed enormous courage, bravery, but I think the really interesting thing is Steve achieved those extremely high accolades and kept it very secret."
Among Corporal David Steven Askin's most celebrated missions was an incident in Afghanistan, in 2011, where they were wounded by grenade and rifle fire at the Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul.
Despite their injuries they bravely carried on with their mission and rescued guests from the hotel, as fire broke out.
They were also cited on several other occasions for exceptional bravery during operations in Afghanistan.
Their friend, Heath Tahana, served alongside them in the army, said, "He's left a legacy on all of us a lot of us are still in shock, New Zealand's lost a good son today".
The Defence Force has described them today as an exceptional soldier who put their lives on the line.
The family has set up a Givealittle page to help support Steve's wife and two little children.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Battery-Powered Nutrunner Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AIMCO, Alki TECHNIK GmbH, Atlas Copco Industrial Technique, Bosch Production Tools, Desoutter Industrial Tools, Estic Corporation, Rami Yokota B.V.
The report begins with introducing the global Battery-Powered Nutrunner market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Battery-Powered Nutrunner report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-battery-powered-nutrunner-market/5892/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Battery-Powered Nutrunner Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single Head Nutrunner, Double Headed Nutrunner, Other.
Battery-Powered Nutrunner Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Building, Home Decoration, Other.
Key points in the Battery-Powered Nutrunner Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-battery-powered-nutrunner-market/5892/#inquiry
From all of this Battery-Powered Nutrunner market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Battery-Powered Nutrunner market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Battery-Powered Nutrunner distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
BRUSSELS The head of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker said on Wednesday they have noted that British Prime Minister Theresa May was a "tough lady" but that they respected them and liked them as a person.
Juncker was asked by reporters to comment on remarks by May on Tuesday that they had been described by one of their colleagues "as a bloody difficult woman" and that Juncker would be the next person to find that out in the course of Brexit negotiations.
"I deeply respect the British prime minister, I like them as a person. I have noted that they are a tough lady, so this is not for the future, this is a real-time description," Juncker told reporters.
They also said talk of Britain walking out of negotiations on Britain leaving the EU was wrong.
"I think that (British Brexit minister) David Davies was not right when they were threatening that they would be ready to go out. My experience in politics always was that those who go out have to come back," they said.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski)
BERLIN, April 12 German investigators probing blasts that hit a bus carrying members of soccer club Borussia Dortmund are examining a second letter claiming responsibility for the attack that injured one player, Focus online magazine said on Wednesday.
It said a message posted on an anti-fascism online portal said the attack was in retaliation for what the letter called the soccer club's soft approach toward neo-Nazi and racist fans. (Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Paul Carrel)
British books, newspaper and stationery retailer WH Smith Plc (SMWH.L) posted a 3.75 percent rise in first-half pretax profit as its travel business continued to outshine lagging high street or town centre retail operations.
WH Smith, which has more than 1,300 stores mostly in the UK, said profit before tax for the six months to Feb. 28 rose to 83 million pounds from 80 million last year.
Trading profit at its travel business, made up of outlets at airports, railway stations, motorway services, hospitals and workplaces, rose 11 percent to 39 million pounds, helped by an improvement in passenger numbers.
The group, which will celebrate its 225th anniversary this year, said sales fell 4 percent at its high street business, citing tough comparatives from last year, when sales were boosted by the "colour therapy" trend for adult colouring-in books.
Trading profit at its high street business remained flat at 53 million pounds.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by David Holmes)
Monday December 11th the Mayor of the City of Augusta hosted a holiday open house.
Folks dropped in from 11 a.m. until 1 p.m.
Mayor Hardie Davis says no one came to the event with an agenda because it was a more "go with the flow" type of event.
"We've got a host of people who have come through, business professionals, folks who work in a non-profit arena, we've got one of our commissioners here we've got employees who have come by," they add.
Mayor Davis says there will be a Town Hall meeting at the end of the month. There they say it will be more "issues oriented". They add more planning will be involved for the 2018 State of the City Address.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
SYDNEY, April 28 Copper tracked modestly higher on Friday with traders saying some investors were active buying on price dips, but warning at the same time that broader industry sentiment pointed to a weaker outlook.
FUNDAMENTALS
* COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was up 0.4 percent to $5,714 a tonne, reversing losses from the previous session.
* SHANGHAI: The most-traded copper contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange was up 0.2 percent to 46,330 yuan ($6,719)a tonne.
* CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The pace of expansion in China's manufacturing sector likely slowed this month, a Reuters poll showed, as factory-gate price-growth slowed and authorities moved to tackle risks in the property market and credit growth. Data is due on Sunday, April 30.
* ANTI-MINING: Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez said on Thursday they will ban open-pit mining in the country, toughening a months-long crackdown on the sector they blame for extensive environmental damage.
* BHP SHAREHOLDERS: Two weeks after Elliott Management's surprise assault on BHP Billiton, the fund manager's three-point demand for change is gaining little traction with investors, prompting expectations a second Elliott move is imminent.
* SILVER: London's silver price benchmark is plagued by big, unpredictable fluctuations that risk undermining its credibility and may complicate efforts by the London Bullion Market Association to find a new operator, according to a Reuters analysis of trading data and 10 industry sources.
* MARKET NEWS: Asian stocks inched higher on Friday and looked set to close a strong week on a positive note, while the euro slipped after the European Central Bank showed no signs of paring its stimulus programme.
* For the top stories in metals and other news, click or
DATA/EVENTS 0600 Germany Import prices Mar 0600 Germany Retail sales Mar 0600 Britain House prices Apr 0645 France Consumer spending Mar 0830 Britain Preliminary GDP Q1 0900 Euro zone Inflation flash Apr 1230 U.S. GDP advance Q1 1230 U.S. Employment costs Q1 1345 U.S. Chicago PMI Apr
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS ($1 = 6.8950 Chinese yuan)
(Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
PARIS, April 20 Bastia will play their next home match at a neutral stadium behind closed doors after their ground was closed by the French league on Thursday following the abandonment of their game against Olympique Lyonnais.
Officials called a halt to Sunday's match after Lyon's goalkeeper Anthony Lopes was attacked by a group of home fans as they left the pitch at halftime of the Ligue 1 clash.
The start of the match had already been delayed by nearly an hour when the Bastia supporters charged the visiting team during their warm-up, forcing Lyon's players to flee the pitch.
At halftime several fans attacked Lopes as they headed for the dressing room, with the score at 0-0, and the game was called off 30 minutes after the second half was due to have begun.
The French league's disciplinary commission said that "in view of the seriousness" of the incidents, it had suspended the Armand-Cesari stadium as a precautionary measure and would "relocate SC Bastia's next home game to a neutral ground behind closed doors".
The league said it had to order the space allocated to visiting fans to be closed at Bastia's away games.
Bastia's next home match is against Rennes on April 29.
(Reporting by Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)
April 24 Gentrack Group Ltd-
* Has acquired Blip Systems A/S and agreed to acquire Ca Plus Ltd, subject to final closing conditions
* Acquisitions are funded by drawdown of debt facilities, with year-end debt expected to be in line with 1.5x ebitda guidance.
* Acquisitions expected to contribute marginally to eps in fy17, to be accretive from fy18 and contribute to doubling airport division ebitda by fy19
* Has acquired 79.81% of Blip Systems A/S from a private equity vendor for NZ$8.4mln with a three year earn out on remaining 20.19% held by management
* Gentrack has agreed to acquire 75% of Ca Plus Limited from its founder for EUR7.5mln Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Music News Group
Sergione Infuso/Corbis via Getty ImagesThe Dave Matthews Band came up in Charlottesville, Virginia, and the band took to social media on Saturday to comment on the violence in that city that erupted during a white nationalist rally, leading to three deaths.
“Dave Matthews Band is heartbroken and disgusted by the acts of racism, violence, and domestic terrorism in our hometown this weekend,” the band wrote in a statement on Facebook. “This is not the Charlottesville we know and love; we will work hard, hand-in-hand with our community to help us all heal from this sickening display of hate. Hate speech disguised as free speech is cowardly and shameful. Such speech gives permission to the hateful acts we witnessed today; there is nothing pure or acceptable, or philosophical about Nazism and racism masked as heritage or cultural purity. The multicultural tapestry of America need to come together, acknowledge our difficult history and set out to move directly away from it toward an inclusive, kinder, more intelligent future.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
KUWAIT (Reuters) - Kuwait will finish cleaning up a crude oil spill in the country's southern waters in the Gulf this week, a Kuwaiti newspaper report said on Sunday, quoting the country's oil minister.
Essam al-Marzouq told the al-Rai newspaper that no more patches of oil have been found and that Kuwait was working on clearing up those near the shore. They did not give a reason for the spill.
On Saturday Kuwait said various services were investigating the incident but did not give the magnitude of the spill near Kuwait's southern Ras al-Zour area nor its cause.
Ras al-Zour is where Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC) is building the Middle East's largest oil refinery, with a processing capacity of 615,000 barrels per day and $11.5 billion worth of contracts.
Saudi Arabia and Kuwait jointly operate fields in a shared area known as the Neutral Zone.
The Khajfi Joint Operations (KJO) said in a statement on the Saudi Press Agency early on Sunday that its facilities were safe and were clear of a spill "which (media) reports said was due to an oil tanker."
The KJO, which is a JV between Kuwait Gulf Oil Co and AGOC, a subsidiary of Saudi state firm Saudi Aramco added that it put an emergency plan into effect to deal with the spill and it will conduct an aerial survey of the area to make sure the facilities and beaches were safe.
The Khafji oilfield was shut in October 2014 for environmental reasons and Wafra has been shut since May 2015 due to operating difficulties.
WASHINGTON It is not realistic to take further steps towards European Union integration at this point and after Britain's vote to leave the bloc its remaining members must be ready to form 'coalitions of the willing', German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said.
"Given the current situation, it is not realistic to think that we can take further steps towards deepening European integration at the moment," they said on Thursday on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington.
"We need to respond to urgent questions in a way that is visibly European, and we need to find European solutions to acute problems," they added, "We need flexible speeds, variable groupings of countries, 'coalitions of the willing', whatever you want to call it in a particular situation."
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Madeline Chambers)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush arrives on the field to do the coin toss ahead of the start of Super Bowl LI between the New England Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons in Houston, Texas, U.S. on February 5, 2017. REUTERS/Adrees Latif/File Photo
AUSTIN, Texas Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush was discharged on Friday from a Houston hospital where they were treated for a mild case of pneumonia and chronic bronchitis, a family spokesperson said.
Bush, 92, was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital on April 14 for a cough that was later diagnosed as a mild case of pneumonia, spokesperson Jim McGrath has said.
After Bush recovered from the pneumonia, the hospital said on Tuesday that they would need to extend their stay through the end of the week for treatment of chronic bronchitis.In January, the former Republican president spent more than two weeks at Houston Methodist, much of it in the intensive care unit, during a previous bout with pneumonia.
Their wife Barbara, 91, had an overlapping stay at the same hospital for treatment of bronchitis.
Bush, the nation's oldest living ex-president, served a single term in the Oval Office as America's 41st commander-in-chief from 1989 through 1993.
 They are the father of former Republican president George W. Bush, who served two terms from 2001 through 2009, and former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who unsuccessfully sought the 2016 Republican nomination for president.
The elder Bush also was vice president for eight years during Ronald Reagan's two terms as president before being elected to the White House himself. They defeated former Massachusetts governor Michael Dukakis, the Democratic nominee, in 1988.
Bush lost their 1992 reelection bid to Democrat Bill Clinton.
(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz in Austin and Peter Szekely in New York; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
REYKJAVIK, April 6 Iceland's economy is doing well and the financial system is sound, but there are risks that could lead to overheating in the longer term, the central bank said on Thursday.
Last month, the country removed capital controls imposed during the 2008 financial crisis.
The central bank said those measures had proceeded smoothly.
"Risks to financial stability have not materialised during the liberalisation process. This has reduced the level of assessed risk," it said in its bi-annual financial stability report.
It said risks in the financial system were related to the real estate market, a rapidly growing tourism industry and the removal of capital controls.
(Reporting by Ragnhildur Sigurdardottir and Daniel Dickson; Editing by Simon Johnson)
LONDON British house prices fell in March for the first time since mid-2015, mortgage lender Nationwide said on Friday, another sign that households are turning more cautious as the country prepares to leave the European Union.
Nationwide said house prices declined by a monthly 0.3 percent, compared with a rise of 0.6 percent in February.
In annual terms, prices were 3.5 percent higher, the weakest increase since August 2015.
READ MORE: UK households run down savings to record low in warning sign for economy
Economists polled by Reuters had expected house prices to rise by 0.4 percent in March from February and annual growth of 4.1 percent.
A separate Reuters poll published in February forecast that house price growth would slow sharply to 2.5 percent this year and remain subdued in 2018 and 2019 as the country leaves the EU.
British Prime Minister Theresa May launched the two-year process of leaving the EU on Wednesday.
The fall in sterling since the June referendum is pushing up inflation and wage growth remains sluggish, reducing the spending power of households.
READ MORE: UK consumer morale steadies in March, households still wary on economic outlook
"March's softer Nationwide house price data, following on from the Bank of England reporting a dip in mortgage approvals in February, fuels our belief that the housing market is being increasingly affected by the increasing squeeze on consumers and their concerns over the outlook," Howard Archer, an economist with IHS Markit, said.
Nationwide said six regions saw the pace of house price growth accelerate, six saw a deceleration and one - the East Midlands - recorded the same rate as the previous quarter.
"Interestingly, the spread in the annual rate of change between the weakest and strongest performing regions was at its narrowest since 1978 at 6.8 percentage points - the second smallest gap on record," Nationwide economist Robert Gardner said.
(Writing by William Schomberg; editing by Alexander Smith and Susan Fenton)
(Adds quotes, details, background)
LAGOS, April 5 Former Nigerian oil minister Diezani Alison-Madueke, who held the post for five years between 2010-15, has been charged with money laundering, the country's financial crimes agency said on Wednesday.
Three members of the National Electoral Commission (INEC) "allegedly received bribes" from the minister ahead of the 2015 general election, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) said in a statement.
One charge read at the Federal High Court in Lagos stated that Alison-Madueke and the officials "conspired among yourselves to directly take possession of 264.9 million naira ($867,813)" on or about March 27, 2015, contrary to money laundering laws.
The former petroleum minister, who served during the presidency of Goodluck Jonathan, was not in court to enter a plea.
Alison-Madueke - who was briefly arrested in London in October 2015, although no charges were brought - has previously denied to Reuters any wrongdoing when questioned about missing public funds and corruption allegations.
Jonathan lost the 2015 presidential election to Muhammadu Buhari, who had campaigned on a ticket to fix the economy of a country where 70 percent of the 180 million people live on less than $2 a day despite the OPEC member's vast energy wealth.
The financial crimes agency has been investigating allegations of illegal transactions in the run-up to the 2015 election for more than a year.
The EFCC said one of the INEC officials, Christian Nwosu, pleaded guilty to receiving 30 million naira. The two others pleaded not guilty to money laundering offences.
The prosecution lawyer said Nwosu had entered into a plea bargain agreement. They also said they had purchased properties with the 30 million naira.
"Having demonstrated remorse and given useful information to aid the prosecution of the case, they have entered into an agreement to forfeit the properties to the federal government," said prosecution lawyer Rotimi Oyedepo.
"The EFCC has recovered the 5 million naira left from the first defendant, having spent 25 million naira to acquire properties," they added.
Former National Security Adviser Sambo Dasuki, who also served under Jonathan, was charged in December 2015 with money laundering and criminal breach of trust. They pleaded not guilty.
Bello Haliru Mohammed, who was Jonathan's defence minister, was charged in January 2016 with money laundering and criminal breach of trust over 300 million naira that was intended for defence spending. They also pleaded not guilty. (Reporting by Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Advanced Wound Care systems Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Smith & Nephew, 3M Company, Molnlycke Health Care, Convatec Healthcare B.S.A.R.L, Coloplast A/S, Paul Hartmann, Kinetic Concepts, Laboratories Urgo, BSN Medical, Covidien, B.Braun, Hollister, Lohmann& Rauscher, Advanced Medical Solutions Group, Nitto Denko, DeRoyal Industries, General, Winner Medical Co., Ltd., Top-medical.
The report begins with introducing the global Advanced Wound Care systems market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Advanced Wound Care systems report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-advanced-wound-care-systems-market/5917/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Advanced Wound Care systems Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: NPWT, Skin Grafting Systems, Other.
Advanced Wound Care systems Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospital, Clinic, Other.
Key points in the Advanced Wound Care systems Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-advanced-wound-care-systems-market/5917/#inquiry
From all of this Advanced Wound Care systems market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Advanced Wound Care systems market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Advanced Wound Care systems distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 12 Loncin Motor Co Ltd :
* Says its wholly owned subsidiary will set up a Guangdong-based locomotive firm as motorcycle export production base
* Says the new firm will be capitalized at 80 million yuan and the subsidiary will hold 100 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/NoAxoY
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Homestreet Inc
* Homestreet Inc announces appointment of interim chief financial officer
* Mark Ruh has been appointed by company's board of directors to serve as interim chief financial officer
* Homestreet Inc - Homestreet is conducting a nationwide search to find a permanent chief financial officer
* Homestreet Inc says Ruh's appointment as interim CFO will be effective April 24, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON Manchester United fans without tickets have been warned not to travel to Thursday's Europa League quarter-final against Anderlecht amid high security around the game in Belgium.
Around 1,300 English supporters are gathering in the Belgium capital Brussels for the game with the city on high alert following Tuesday night's bomb attack on the Borussia Dortmund team bus ahead of their Champions League quarter-final against Monaco.
There are also fears about the chances of clashes between supporters following several incidents involving fans of another English team, Leicester City, in Madrid before Wednesday's game against Atletico.
Spanish police used baton charges to clear part of Madrid's Plaza Mayor of Leicester fans, some chanting "Gibraltar is ours", a reference to the recent diplomatic spat between Britain and Spain over the British Overseas Territory.
BBC presenter Gary Lineker, a Leicester City fan and former player, tweeted: "Just saw the footage of some Leicester fans behaving despicably in Madrid. The few idiots ruin it for the decent majority. Sickening."
There has been a history of trouble between English sides and Anderlecht stretching back to 1984 when a Tottenham Hotspur fan was shot before the Uefa Cup final between the clubs in Brussels.
In 2015, Tottenham fans were attacked by Anderlecht supporters while drinking in a bar ahead of the Europa League tie.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Fans Share Grief As Karen and Kevin Dance SEPARATELY Amid Split Rumours
Fans of Strictly Come Dancing expressed their hurt over what appeared to be confirmation that the ballroom's golden couple have split.
The rising tensions between Kevin Clifton and wife Karen Hauer took centre stage during the Strictly Come Dancing result show on Sunday night.
Fans took to Twitter to share their dismay after the professional dancers paired up with different partners following reports their marriage is on the rocks.
The couple, who have been together for seven years, has been the centre of speculation as of late after it was reported Karen had "moved on" with accountant Stuart Wood.
Now it seems the drama off-screen has carried over onto the ballroom, as eagle-eyed viewers were quick to notice the pair were seemingly avoiding each other during the show's opening sequence.
Performing a lively Rock City themed group dance, Karen, 35, took to the studio floor with Brendan Cole, while husband Kevin, also 35, danced with Janette Manrara.
One viewer wrote: "Kevin isn't dancing with Karen. Maybe the rumours are true…"
Elsewhere a second fan added: "Maybe Kevin and Karen have split. They aren't dancing with her."
Before a flurry of tweets from fans came rolling in...
Has anyone spotted Kevin Clifton on #strictly tonight? I haven't..just wondering if the rumours about them and Karen are true? — bernice bassett (@bernicebassett) December 9, 2017
Maybe Kevin and Karen have split. They aren't dancing with their #Strictly — Alika Innocent (@BadgyalAlika) December 10, 2017
Despite appearing to go their separate ways on the dancefloor, Kevin was spotted still wearing their wedding band while talking to host Claudia Winkleman during Saturday night's live episode.
Their marriage was rocked by recent reports Karen had moved on with accountant Stuart Wood but new reports by The Sun claim they have decided to cool things off with him.
"It was never a long-term thing and Karen realises that they made a mistake," they explained.
"She ended things with Stuart shortly after the news broke.  They are heartbroken as they thought they had a future together so has decided to accept a new job and will move to Texas next month to start a fresh chapter."
It's also thought the couple could be spending Christmas separately as they decide on the future of their marriage with Karen heading to New York and Kevin going back to their hometown of Grimsby before reuniting in the New Year.
The news comes after growing fears that the couple have been hit by the Strictly curse.
"Poor Kevin is heartbroken," a source admitted. "It's making it very difficult at Strictly as all the dancers knew but Kevin did not want to accept that their marriage is over."
The pair, who are both professionals on Strictly Come Dancing, raised eyebrows after appearing to be kept apart on the live shows.
Speaking to the Daily Mail, the insider admitted that ‘the writing is on the wall' as Karen ignored Kevin throughout Saturday's show.
"Kevin was on their own before and after the show in the green room. At one point they were outside looking very upset on the phone after the show. Everyone feels sorry for them as they still in love with them But it's also very awkward for the other dancers as [they] could cut atmosphere with a knife."
Let's hope the pair can resolve their issues.
The Guyana Power and Light Inc. (GPL) on Friday announced the appointment of Mr. Albert Gordon effective February 1, 2018 as the company's new Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
Mr Gordon is a Jamaican national but stands truly as a son of the Caribbean. The appointment of Mr. Gordon forms part of GPL's plans to modernize, expand and improve electricity supply in support of the development of Guyana,” the power company said in a statement.
GPL said Mr. Gordon has over 30 years experience in planning, development and operation of electric, water and sewerage utilities. Their experience began and developed at Jamaica Public Service Company Limited (JPS), Jamaica's sole electricity provider. At JPS their work included generation and transmission system planning, economic and financial analysis of projects and development of Public Private Partnerships. Additionally, their work included assisting in the development of the energy policy and strategy for private sector participation in the power sector and negotiation of Build, Own and Operate (BOO) contracts in the electricity sector in Jamaica.
Following their 11 years of service at JPS, Mr. Gordon was invited to lend their expertise and support to the National Water Commission (NWC), Jamaica's water and sewerage utility. At the NWC, Mr. Gordon's served as the Vice President Corporate and Strategic Planning, Vice President, Project Administration and later than President of NWC.
Their professional career continued to grow and expand. Following the completion of their contractual obligations with the NWC, they joined the Office of Utilities Regulation (OUR) serving as Director General. Under their tenure, OUR improved its efficiencies and quality practices, and attained ISO 9001:2008 certification for its Quality Management System (QMS). At the OUR, Mr. Gordon led the development of over 80 MW of renewable energy; 20 MW from solar and over 60 MW from wind, on a BOO basis. Additionally, under their tenure OUR successfully procured an additional 37 MW solar photovoltaic plant on a BOO basis. Their experience in renewable energy will serve GPL well in the Company's current pursuits of green energy, which forms part of Guyana's National Development Strategy.
Mr. Gordon's extensive professional career is supported by their academic accomplishments. They hold a Master of Business Administration from the University of West Indies, Mona, Jamaica, a Bachelors of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of West Indies, St. Augustine, Trinidad and a Certificate in Energy Planning and Policy from the University of Pennsylvania. Their specialized training includes Power Generation System Planning, Energy System Modeling and Utility Tariff Setting.
Their theoretical and practical knowledge of Utilities will be of great value to GPL and Guyana.
ISTANBUL, April 12 The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group said on Wednesday its militants carried out Tuesday's bomb attack on a police compound in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir, in which three people were killed including a police officer.
A statement on a PKK website said its militants had planted more than 2.5 tonnes of explosives under the compound in an attack days before a referendum on expanding President Tayyip Erdoğan's powers.
PKK is designated a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the European Union and the United States.
(Reporting by Humeyra Pamuk; Editing by Daren Butler)
March 29 Saudi British Bank Sjsc:
* Announces its intention to establish sukuk program and to issue sukuk thereunder inside or outside Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia
* Sukuk to be denominated in U.S. Dollars or any other currencies in a total amount not exceeding equivalent of $2 billion
* Expects establishment of program will occur in Q2, 2017
* Purpose of issuances is to help bank strengthens its capital base and support banks sharia compliant activities and products Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
JOHANNESBURG, April 10 South Africa's bourse said on Monday it was probing certain trades in the hours before former finance minister Pravin Gordhan was recalled from an international investor roadshow, days before they were dismissed from cabinet.
"The JSE is reviewing trading in affected securities prior to the news of the recall ... as that news precipitated material moves in the value of numerous listed securities including currency futures," the JSE Limited, which operates the bourse, said in a statement. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Writing by Ed Stoddard; Editing by James Macharia)
A research study titled, “Hardware Security Module (Hsm) Market by application, type and industry verticals- global industry analysis and forecast to 2023”, published by crystal market research.
Market highlights:
The Hardware Security Modules (HSM) Market was worth USD 0.48 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 1.42 billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 12.85% during the forecast period. Hardware security module (HSM) is a management solution that gives insurance against the developing data threats to private keys and certificates. The device needs certification to globally perceived standards, for example, federal information processing standards (FIPS) 140, normal criteria that gives the design of the product and usage confirmation. The hardware security modules market is anticipated to encounter possibly immense development opportunities in the coming years, by virtue of surge in mechanical progressions, which prompted a surging demand for information systems security solutions, around the world.
Click To Request a Sample:
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/IC06972
Hardware Security Module (Hsm) Market Segmentation
The Hardware Security Modules (HSM) Market is segmented on the basis of Type, Application and Industry Verticals. Based on type the market is segmented into Remote Interface, Smart Cards, Local Interface and USB Token out of which Remote interface HSM type held the significant share of the overall industry in 2016 in the general hardware security module market. Based on application the market is segmented into Database Encryption, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), PKI/Credential Management, Application Level Encryption, Authentication, Document Signing, Code Signing, Payments Processing and Application Level Encryption. Based on Industry verticals the market is segmented into banking and financial institutions, healthcare and life sciences, government, technology and communication, industrial and manufacturing, energy and utility, retail and consumer, and others out of which the automotive and transportation segments are anticipated to grow significantly owing to the rising deployment of HSM in automobile and transportation industry verticals.
Hardware Security Module (Hsm) Market By Region
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab
Emirates, Other
Competitive Insights:
The leading players in the market are Thales eSecurity, IBM, Utimaco Safeware, Yubico, Gemalto, Ultra Electronics Group, Futurex and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE). The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis:
North America is foreseen to hold significant share in the equipment security module market. Development in this area is ascribed to solid selection and entrance of security modules and additionally existence of substantial number of sellers in the region. In any case, Europe is assessed to contribute major share in the general HSM market, nearly trailed by Asia Pacific. This development is bolstered by APAC nations including Japan, China, and India.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/IC06972
About Crystal Market Research:
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research, business intelligence, and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions. It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe. The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare, chemicals & materials, technology, automotive, and energy.
Contact Us:
Judy S,
304 South Jones Blvd, Suite 1896,
Las Vegas NV 89107,
United States
Toll Free: +1-888-213-4282
Email: sales@crystalmarketresearch.com
March 28 Pixie Group Ltd
* Announces termination of planned openings of Tonino Lamborghini Clubs across Asia Pacific
* Pixie's decision to shelve this collaborative venture came after Pixie failed to raise required cash to fund project
* Termination of proposed acquisition of majority equity interest in Pixie Group Hong Kong Limited (pixie hk), in a collaborative venture
* Decision to shelve this collaborative venture came after pixie failed to raise required cash to fund project
* Process of evaluating assets and businesses that could potentially be brought into as part of co to establish more sustainable source of income Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Meritor Inc
* Meritor reports second-quarter fiscal year 2017 results
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $0.35 from continuing operations
* Q2 earnings per share $0.24 from continuing operations
* Q2 sales fell 2 percent to $806 million
* Guidance for fiscal year 2017 has been revised from prior quarter
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share about $1.40 from continuing operations
* Sees FY 2017 revenue about $3.1 billion
* Expects 2017 financial performance will be better than previously planned
* FY2017 earnings per share view $1.41, revenue view $3.07 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
April 5 U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto Co, which is in the process of being bought by Germany's Bayer AG for $66 billion, reported a 28.7 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong demand for soybean and corn seeds.
Net profit attributable to Monsanto rose to $1.37 billion, or $3.09 per share, in the second quarter ended Feb. 28, from $1.06 billion, or $2.41 per share, a year earlier.
Monsanto, best known for its Roundup herbicide and its genetically-engineered corn and soybean seeds, said net sales rose 12 percent to $5.07 billion. (Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
March 29 Mountain Province Diamonds Inc :
* Mountain Province Diamonds announces FY 2016 results
* Mountain Province Diamonds Inc qtrly loss per share $0.05
* Says company expects to be able to provide 2017 production and revenue guidance during Q2 of 2017
* Mountain Province Diamonds -company expects to require further waivers in respect of other reserve account funding requirements at September 30, 2017
* Mountain Province Diamonds-expects to sell about 201,000 carats, due to timing of production, sales, co to reflect revenue during June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The UN's top court on Friday sided largely with Costa Rica in a decade-old border dispute, ordering Nicaragua to remove a military camp from disputed territory.
Judges at the International Court of Justice found that Nicaragua had violated Costa Rica's sovereignty.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
MONTEVIDEO Most members of the Union of South American Nations (Unasur) on Friday condemned the Venezuelan Supreme Court's decision to take over legislative powers.
In a join statement released by the Uruguayan Foreign Ministry, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Uruguay and Paraguay called for democratic order to be restored in Venezuela, in the latest sign of international outrage at the move.
Leftist governments Bolivia and Ecuador that are also part of Unasur did not sign the statement.
(Reporting by Malena Castaldi; Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Sandra Maler)
MADRID The European Central Bank's current monetary policy remains appropriate, ECB chief economist Peter Praet said in an interview in Spanish newspaper Expansion published on Monday.
Current monetary policy supports the adjustment of euro zone inflation towards a regional target of below, but close to, 2 percent, Praet said.
"Our monetary policy stance thus remains appropriate," they said in an interview conducted March 27.
(Reporting by Paul Day; Editing by Sonya Dowsett)
Getting all on 4 dental implants in Mexico could be one of the best decisions you can make to help your dental health and save big, while also retaining the same quality you would expect from a dentist practice in the US or Canada.
Media Contact
DDS Cirenia Aparicio Miranda
844848787
***@trustdentalcare.com DDS Cirenia Aparicio Miranda844848787
End
-- All on 4 dental implants are one of the most technically challenging procedures for any dentist, even for oral surgeons and periodontists. As a patient, you need to learn more before going to Mexico and be 100% sure you're getting the treatment you deserve.It's common for people to interchange the term "All on 4" with Implant Overdentures or Fixed Bridge procedures. Patients traveling to Mexico often mistake All on 4 as any full upper or lower teeth restoration using 4 dental implants.The biggest difference between All on 4 and a denture is that the All on 4 is implant supported and the denture is tissue supported. The denture rests on the gums and retention is passive, relying on "suction" created by the "fit" of the denture. Therefore, depending on a person's anatomy and the skill of the dentist, the denture may be more secure or loose. A denture is fabricated using an acrylic base and teeth made of various materials. A denture also covers more surface area of the mouth which can affect the taste of food.The All on 4 is more secure and mimics natural teeth as they are attached to the implants using screws. The dentist can remove them but not the patient. The materials utilized for All on 4 are typically stronger as well. The gum line depends on the amount of bone loss experienced by the patient. Even with higher levels of bone loss, superior aesthetics can be achieved by the dentist and a quality dental lab.There are several options for full teeth replacement. The ideal type of your particular case will depend on your goals, jawbone structure, lifestyle, age, health, and budget. During the consultation, we will take a CT Scan with our top-notch technology Sirona ORTHOPHOS XG 3D and have a thorough discussion to give the best possible full mouth restoration that is ideal for your case.Alternatively, you can first see a local Periodontist or implant specialist for a consultation determine which type would be perfect for your case. Will educate you regarding the best option ideal for your case before getting All on 4 dental implants in Mexico.Not every clinic has the experience and skills to perform All on 4 Dental ImplantsDo your research to know exactly the credentials of the dentist you will be visiting. It's not enough just to know which dental practice you will visit. You have to know who will be the dentist and what their qualifications are. You also get what you pay. If you shop for low prices, you might get an inexperienced dentist. Can easily double or triple your cost and time due to rework, plus the toll on your health. Also, some dentists who offer lower prices use lower quality brands of All on 4 implants.Dr. Cirenia Aparicio Miranda is the first and only US licensed dentist of Hispanic descent to be accredited by the AACD in all its history. And they are proud to be their only Mexico dentist; this is why they maintain the standards that make them your best option for All on 4 Dental Implants in Mexico.The ideal patient for dental implants has lost or is about to lose, a tooth or many teeth (or even all of their teeth) and who is essentially in good general and oral health. Having said that, there are more complex cases involving severe bone loss, such as from advanced gum disease. All on 4 is not the "go to" procedure for full upper or lower fixed teeth restoration. It's only recommended for very specific cases. Get a consultation with us to know if you're a candidate for this procedure.The most common motivation for people to choose All on 4 dental implants in Mexico is the rapid result. You can get all your teeth extracted, 4 implants installed, and new immediate load teeth attached to the implants in one surgery. You don't have to wear temporary dentures that are not attached to the dental implants, which are typical with overdenture or fixed bridge restorations.However, some cases require more than one trip to Mexico depending on your particular case. This means that you have to go back after approximately 4 months after the All on 4 implants have healed to replace the provisional with permanent fixed teeth in Mexico. Get a consultation with us to know if this is the best treatment for you, as we also have other treatments that adjust to your needs.All on 4 Dental Implants are not as expensive as you thinkAll-On-4 dental implants cost in the U.S. averages between $25,000 to $30,000 per arch (prices vary depending on the city, dental practice, and expertise of the dental specialist). Said prices are only for placing the implants – additional costs for bone graft or sinus lifts are often required.The cost for dental implants in Mexico is 75% lower than their neighboring country because of a lower cost of living. More often than not, dental insurances think that dental implants are an unnecessary procedure or an elective one, and this is an outdated idea because patients and dentists are more likely to choose dental implants over other methods as a standard of care to replace missing teeth. For pricing on All on 4 Dental Implants check our website.For more information visit: https://trustdentalcare.com/ all-on-4-dental- implants-tiju...
FILE PHOTO: Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a political rally in Arcis-sur-Aube, near Troyes, France April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PARIS An arson attempt left very minor damage at the Paris building where French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has their headquarters, a police source said, and Le Pen accused leftist groups of the attack.
The police source said the ground floor of the central Paris building was targeted and graffiti mentioning Le Pen's National Front was found nearby. The source said the damage - to a door and a doormat, according to news agency AFP - was likely to be the result of a criminal act and not an accident.
The party's premises are higher up in the building.
Interior Minister Matthias Fekl condemned the attack.
"These are unacceptable acts, the democratic debate must take place in the ballot box," Fekl told RTL radio, without giving any details about the attack itself.
"We have been in touch with the National Front candidate's team since last night and will see with them if it is necessary to strengthen security procedures."
Le Pen told France 2 television they believed a leftist group was responsible, but they gave no detail and did not say why they believed one such group was responsible.
"I assume this is due to a small leftist group," they said. "These groups act in total impunity," they added, saying that the government should dissolve them.
AFP said a group calling itself "Combat xenophobia" contacted them to claim responsibility for the arson attempt.
(Reporting by Ingrid Melander, Sophie Louet, Helene Dauschy; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The new plastic fiver has become part and parcel of everyday life - but how well do you know it?
There are, of course, always going to be people to try it on and fake the notes.
Experts claim the new notes are resistant to dirt and moisture so stay cleaner. The plastic notes are also more secure making counterfeit notes more difficult to create.
There are, however, a number of things that you need to keep an eye on to make sure you haven't been conned.
This is the official guide from the Bank of England to spotting whether the note is real of fake.
April 5 AT&T Inc:
* Says beginning April 6, co to include HBO as part of AT&T Unlimited Plus wireless plan; new and existing customers on plan to get HBO included
* Says in addition, as part of AT&T Unlimited Plus wireless plan, customers to get a $25 monthly video credit on DIRECTV, DIRECTV NOW or U-verse TV Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Activist hedge fund Elliott Management released the private letter written by Arconic Inc's former chief executive, Klaus Kleinfeld, which consequently led to their resignation, and their response to the letter and Arconic's statement on April 17.
Elliott said late on Wednesday that Arconic had created a "public frenzy" for further information and that it had no choice but to make the letter and their response public.
Arconic on Monday said that Kleinfeld resigned on mutual agreement after the specialty metals maker found they sent a letter in "poor judgment" to Elliott Management, with whom it is embroiled in a proxy war and which used the chance to again criticize the company's board.
Elliott, run by activist investor Paul Singer, said the letter "read as a threat to intimidate or extort a senior officer of Elliott Management based on completely false insinuations" and that it immediately informed Arconic's board of the letter.
Kleinfeld wrote to Singer on April 11 mentioning Singer's family trip to Germany in 2006, when they attended the World Cup, and enclosed the official ball of the FIFA World Championships 2006 as a "souvenir". bit.ly/2oRrs4Z
After learning of this letter, Elliott's general counsel, Richard Zabel, wrote to Arconic's board saying that "this is highly inappropriate behavior by anyone and certainly by the CEO of a regulated, publicly traded company, in the midst of a proxy contest."
Arconic on Monday cited this letter as the reason for Kleinfeld stepping down from its board.
"This decision was not made in response to the proxy fight or Elliott Management's criticisms of the company's strategy, leadership or performance..." the company said in its statement on April 17 following Kleinfeld's departure.
Zabel made it clear to Arconic in the letter sent on April 17 that the changes in leadership did not fully address all of the concerns about the CEO's conduct for them or for the company. bit.ly/2pEKoHc
Elliott said in February it has raised its stake in Arconic to about 13 percent.
Kleinfeld had served as Alcoa Corp's CEO for eight years and oversaw the company's split-up into Arconic and Alcoa last year. (Reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
LONDON The party drug ketamine can have powerful beneficial effects on severely depressed patients who have struggled for years to recover, and the drug should be developed responsibly as a psychiatric medicine, British experts said on Thursday.
In a study published in the Lancet Psychiatry journal, specialists from Oxford University said there is an urgent need for ethical and innovative action by doctors to prescribe the drug under controlled conditions.
"We think patients' treatment should be in specialist centers and formally tracked in national or international registries," said Rupert McShane, a consultant psychiatrist and researcher at Oxford who has led a series of ketamine studies.
Ketamine is a licensed medical drug, widely used as an anesthetic and to relieve pain. But it is also used as a recreational drug - sometimes known as Special K - and can lead some people into addiction and drug abuse.
Several research teams around the world have been trialling ketamine use in chronic and recurring depression, since many patients with the psychiatric condition fail to respond to currently available antidepressants such as Prozac and Seroxat.
"I have seen ketamine work where nothing has helped before," McShane said at a briefing in London.
The U.S. pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson is developing an intranasal form of the drug, called esketamine. Its results so far have been promising enough for Food and Drug Administration officials to award esketamine "breakthrough" status to speed its progress through regulatory hurdles.
McShane and their co-researcher Ilina Singh, a psychiatry professor at Oxford University, told the briefing there had been a worrying sharp rise in the past year in the number of private ketamine clinics in the United States.
There are wide variations in the clinical checks before a patient receives treatment, they said, and there is a need for clear guidelines and registries to track how patients respond.
Last month, the American Psychiatric Association issued a consensus statement on ketamine in a bid to guide safe, appropriate prescribing of the drug for severe patients who do not respond to regular antidepressants.
McShane stressed that the ketamine doses used in the Oxford depression treatment trials are given in controlled conditions and are very different from those taken by street or club users.
On the street, users often take several grams a day and can suffer severe bladder problems and impaired brain function. The doses used in medical trials are a fraction of that - around 80 milligrams - and given once a week in a monitored setting.
Singh said ketamine has such great potential to help a small group of very ill patients that it would be wrong not to find a way of allowing them to benefit from it: "This drug is available, it's out there, and if we can help patients get treatment responsibly, it's our duty to do so," they said.
Treating patients in specialist centers should help doctors spot potential problems early, they said, as well as picking up any abuse problems with longer term use and narrowing down what dose, frequency, route and duration of treatment works best.
(Editing by Janet Lawrence)
April 13 Phoenix Mills Ltd:
* Says CPPIB has completed its first tranche of investment in Island Star Mall Developers Private Ltd
* Post completion of first tranche investment by CPPIB, co and CPPIB holds 70% & 30% respectively, of paid up equity capital of ISMDPL Source text: bit.ly/2oCb76d Further company coverage:
Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top woman's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
April 5 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 5 points higher on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers. * GSK: GSK Plc is voluntarily recalling more than 593,000 Ventolin asthma inhalers from U.S. hospitals, pharmacies, retailers and wholesalers due to a defect that may cause them to deliver fewer doses of the medicine than indicated, the British drugmaker said on Tuesday. * TOTAL: French oil major Total has extended an option with British shale gas developer Egdon Resources to buy a stake in one of Egdon's shale gas licences, the companies said on Tuesday. * BHP: BHP Billiton on Wednesday declared force majeure for all coal deliveries from its mines in Queensland's Bowen Basin, after Cyclone Debbie damaged railway lines, disrupting delivery to ports. * BRITIAN IMMIGRATION: Britain's decision to quit the European Union and reassert control over its borders does not mean the country will tighten immigration for the world's best brains, junior business minister David Prior said on Tuesday. * The UK blue chip index ended up 0.5 percent on Tuesday, outperforming the more hesitant Europe-wide STOXX 600 index, helped by the energy and industrials sectors, while supermarket firms Sainsbury and Morrison fell on poor sales data. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: McCarthy & Stone Plc Half Year 2017 HSS hire Group Plc Full Year 2016 TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke speaks during a daily press briefing at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday will order a review of offshore areas currently off limits to oil and gas drilling to determine which might be reopened, in their administration's latest move to expand domestic energy production.
The order could lead to a reversal of bans on drilling across swathes of the Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic oceans and the Gulf of Mexico that former President Barack Obama's administration sought to protect from development.
"It is better to produce energy here than be held hostage by foreign entities," Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke told reporters on Thursday in a briefing about the executive order, which will be called the America-First Offshore Energy Strategy.
Trump had campaigned on a promise to do away with Obama-era environmental protections that they said were hobbling energy development and undermining U.S. national security without providing any tangible benefits, cheering industry but enraging environmental advocates.
Zinke said the order will require them to review and replace the Obama administration's most recent five-year oil and gas development plan for the outercontinental shelf, which comprises federal waters off all U.S. coasts.
The order will also reverse Obama's move to place parts of the Arctic permanently off-limits to drilling, and encourage more seismic surveying to determine which areas are likely to hold rich reserves of oil and gas.
In addition, the order will direct Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to review previous presidents' designations of marine sanctuaries and national monuments under the 1906 Antiquities Act over the last 10 years.
Weeks before leaving office, Obama banned new oil and gas drilling in federal waters in the Atlantic and Arctic oceans, protecting 115 million acres (46.5 million hectares) of federal waters off Alaska and 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic from New England to the Chesapeake Bay.
On Wednesday Trump signed a separate order to examine areas of U.S. federally managed land to determine if they were improperly designated as national monuments by former presidents, rendering them off limits to development.
Environmental groups, including Oceana and the Center for Biological Diversity, slammed the new executive order and promised to fight it in court. They pointed out the order comes seven years after a large oil spill from a BP (BP.L) platform in the Gulf of Mexico, an event that had led green groups to urge a slowdown in offshore oil development.
On Thursday, 27 Democratic senators sent a letter to Zinke opposing the order. "Allowing drilling anywhere on the east or west coasts would threaten key economic drivers for these states such as fishing and tourism with the risk of an oil spill," they wrote.
(Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Leslie Adler)
May 2 Molina Healthcare
* Says CEO Mario molina, CFO John Molina were terminated without cause
* Says terminations were effective immediately and will entitle Dr. Molina and Mr. Molina to severance benefits
* Says Molinas entitled to acceleration/vesting of equity compensation as provided for in their employment agreements Further company coverage: (Reporting By Michael Erman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
There was a time not too distant past when Kiwi eye doctor Thiran Jayasundera would be faced with telling patients when they would lose their sight for ever.
Then they found themselves implanting bionic eyes - an astounding development in technology that has given hope to those who believed they would be blind forever.
Jayasundera, 42, is among the world's finest retinal specialists presenting at next week's Retina International World Congress in Auckland.
Auckland was home to Jayasundera just 10 years ago, before leaving for the United States where they continued to develop the skills that led to carrying out ground-breaking surgery.
Advertisement
In January 2014, they and their team at the University of Michigan's Kellogg Eye Center carried out the United States' first implantation of a bionic eye.
It was world-leading surgery, carried out on patient Linda Schulte who had endured 15 years of being blind through an inherited condition known as retinitis pigmentosa. The condition, for which there is no cure, causes cells in the retina to slowly die.
Through four-and-a-half hours of painstaking, exacting surgery, Jayasundera attached a 5mm computer chip worth around $200,000 to Schulte's retina.
They saw Schulte the day they spoke to the Herald on Sunday, and asked their husband Paul what difference it had made to their life.
"He said, one thing is it has made them a happier person." The happiness came through restored, restricted vision - seeing a grandchild run into a room, having a visual bond which was shared with others who were sighted.
For Jayasundera, that was fulfilment of the desire which led them to to Auckland Medical School.years earlier.
"I never imagined I would be doing this. I feel privileged."
Jayasundera was born in Sri Lanka, moving to New Zealand with their parents when they were 13. They attended New Plymouth Boys' High and then Auckland Grammar before attending medical school, inspired by family GPs from both Taranaki anbd the Queen City.
"This sounds cheesey, but just trying to help people appealed to me."
The Argus II - as the bionic eye is more properly called - sees 60 electrodes attached to the retina through which electrical impulses are sent. The chip receives those impulses from a video camera attached to a pair of glasses.
The impulses - potentially 60 pixels from the 60 electrodes - send signals to the brain which give a limited form of vision.
In high contrast situations, it might be shapes, or a "sparkle" the brain recognises as a particular object. "People are able to see the doorway, or to see pillars so they don't bump into things so much.
"A grandchild playing call - a patient might see a flickering light."
Jayasundera's current work, aside from surgeries which have now seen them implant the devices in 10 people, is focused on assessing who sight-restoring treatments should be given to and whether they have worked.
The developing science, meanwhile, is switching from mechanical to biological solutions - also a feature of the two-day conference next weekend.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
April 28 ASML Holding NV:
* Files patent infringement lawsuits against Nikon
* ASML has today filed suits in Japan, both on its own and jointly with its strategic partner Zeiss
* Additional suits will be brought in the United States Source texts for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
The European Central Bank will not raise its deposit rate until next year at the earliest, according to more than three-quarters of euro money market traders polled by Reuters.
Recent better-than-expected economic data from the euro zone has fuelled market speculation the ECB might move away from its ultra-easy monetary policy and raise interest rates as a first move.
But comments from three of the central bank's top policymakers last week suggested it will not deviate from its current policy plan, including record-low rates and monthly asset purchases, until inflation picks up and the economy is on a healthy growth path.
Asked when the ECB will raise its deposit rate, currently -0.40 percent, eight of 18 traders said next year, five said in 2019 and one said in 2020. The remaining four respondents said the ECB could move as early as this year.
A regular survey of 22 traders showed banks are expected to borrow 13.0 billion euros ($13.8 billion) at the ECB's weekly refinancing operation, a touch less than the 13.2 billion euros maturing from last week.
ALLOTMENT ONE-WEEK
MEDIAN 13.0
MEAN 13.3
MODE 13.0
HIGHEST 15.0
LOWEST 10.0
COUNT 22
GUIDE TO EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK ANNOUNCEMENTS ECBMENU
ANNOUNCEMENTS ON ECB OPEN MARKET OPERATIONS ECB24
ECB WEBSITE www.ecb.int
(Reporting by Shrutee Sarkar; Polling by Vartika Sahu; editing by John Stonestreet)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
U.S. stocks, bond yields rise after Comey statement; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey, with investors looking ahead to their U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday, the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting.
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Liverpool 1 Everton 1 Manchester United 1 Manchester City 2 Southampton 1 Arsenal 1 Saturday, December 9 Burnley 1 Watford 0 Crystal Palace 2 Bournemouth 2 Huddersfield Town 2 Brighton and Hove Albion 0 Newcastle United 2 Leicester City 3 Swansea City 1 West Bromwich Albion 0 Tottenham Hotspur 5 Stoke City 1 West Ham United 1 Chelsea 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Manchester City 16 15 1 0 48 11 46 2 Manchester United 16 11 2 3 36 11 35 3 Chelsea 16 10 2 4 28 13 32 4 Liverpool 16 8 6 2 34 20 30 ------------------------- 5 Arsenal 16 9 2 5 30 20 29 ------------------------- 6 Tottenham Hotspur 16 8 4 4 28 14 28 7 Burnley 16 8 4 4 15 12 28 ------------------------- 8 Leicester City 16 6 5 5 23 22 23 9 Watford 16 6 4 6 25 27 22 10 Everton 16 5 4 7 20 29 19 11 Southampton 16 4 6 6 16 19 18 12 Huddersfield Town 16 5 3 8 11 26 18 13 Brighton and Hove Albion 16 4 5 7 14 21 17 14 Bournemouth 16 4 4 8 15 19 16 15 Stoke City 16 4 4 8 19 35 16 16 Newcastle United 16 4 3 9 16 25 15 17 West Bromwich Albion 16 2 7 7 12 22 13 ------------------------- 18 West Ham United 16 3 4 9 14 32 13 19 Swansea City 16 3 3 10 9 18 12 20 Crystal Palace 16 2 5 9 10 27 11 1-4: Champions League / EC I 5: Europa League 6-7: Europa League depending on domestic cup 18-20: Relegation
BELFAST The British government has decided to extend the deadline on talks to form a power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland between Irish nationalists and pro-British unionists until after a snap UK-wide election, two sources told Reuters on Thursday.
Several parties said the talks had been rendered unsustainable by Prime Minister Theresa May's decision on Tuesday to call a general election for June 8, which pits the parties involved in the talks against each other.
The extension allows the British government to avoid deciding whether to call a fresh election in Northern Ireland - the third in a year - or to revert to direct rule from London for the first time in a decade.
An official close to the regional administration and a member of one of the parties involved in the talks confirmed a decision had been made to extend the talks deadline to the end of June.
Press officers for the British government's Northern Ireland Office did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The Belfast government collapsed in January when Irish nationalist party Sinn Fein withdrew over a heating subsidy scandal, saying they were being treated by First Minister Arlene Foster with "deep-seated arrogance".
That triggered an election on March 2 that ended the majority pro-British unionists had enjoyed for nearly a century.
Over a month of talks since then have shown little sign of securing a new power-sharing pact of the sort mandated by the 1998 Good Friday Agreement that ended decades of sectarian violence between Catholic nationalists and Protestant unionists.
While no one is forecasting a return to the bloodshed that killed 3,600 people over three decades, the political impasse could increase sectarian tensions and freeze decision-making as Britain prepares to exit the European Union.
As the only part of the United Kingdom with a land border with the EU, Northern Ireland faces severe disruption to its economy from a "hard Brexit".
Any sign of border controls between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, an EU member, could inflame Irish nationalists who seek a united Ireland.
(Writing by Conor Humphries, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
LONDON BlackRock's head of global bonds said on Wednesday they remain invested in the British pound but has concerns over whether Brexit negotiations can be completed within their two year deadline.
British Prime Minister Theresa May will file formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday, starting a countdown to a divorce with the European Union in 2019.
"My main concern is around the timeline for trying to get these things done as quickly as we can," said Scott Thiel of BlackRock, the world's largest asset management firm.
"We are still positive on sterling but there are still...risks," they said, adding that the possibility of a "hard" Brexit if there is no agreement had increased.
Investors' main fear is that a "hard" Brexit -- one in which Britain would lose preferential access with its largest trading partner -- would hurt the British economy.
The better-than-anticipated performance of the economy following last year's referendum on EU membership has been a reason to be positive on sterling, Thiel said.
Britain's pound hit a two-month high of $1.2615 on Monday in a move driven chiefly by broader weakness of the dollar.
But uncertainty surrounding the terms of Brexit continues to weigh on the currency, which is down almost 20 percent against the dollar since the Brexit vote.
Thiel, who manages funds totalling about $41 billion assets under management, also said they like the euro as an investment.
They added, however, that they had bought so-called put options on the single currency to protect against any market ructions stemming from the upcoming French presidential election.
A put option allows an investor the right but not the obligation to sell an asset at a later date and is often used as a hedge against risk.
French presidential elections in April and May are viewed as a key event risk for financial markets as one of the leading contenders is the far-right, eurosceptic candidate, Marine Le Pen, who wants France to ditch the euro.
"I like the euro generally but we have to recognise ... what we can't possibly know, and we can't possibly know the outcome of the French elections," Thiel said.
"Therefore I like to have downside option protection on the euro because if the French political situation were to go for the FN (Front National) then the euro would go significantly lower."
(Editing by Gareth Jones)
BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Ford Motor's (F.N) China joint venture will recall more than half a million vehicles due to brake-related issues, an additional headache for the U.S. carmaker as it faces rising challenges in the world's top auto market.
The recall, which will start from Feb. 25, is linked to issues with materials used for brake hoses that could affect braking distances, China's General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine said on its website.
The watchdog said Changan Ford, Ford's passenger car joint venture with Chongqing Changan Automobile Co (000625.SZ), would recall 371,371 Mondeo models and 195,796 Edge SUVs.
Ford confirmed in a statement the recall was to “correct a concern related to brake hoses on certain Edge and New Mondeo vehicles”.
The recall work would be conducted free of charge for customers and should take around two hours, the carmaker said.
The recall follows the sudden resignation of Ford's China chief, Jason Luo, this week after only five months at the helm, a departure that throws a spanner in the automaker's attempts to turn around a sales slump in the market.
Its China sales slid 6 percent last year versus a 3 percent rise for the market overall. Luo was meant to help Ford improve ties with local partners like Changan Automobile.
Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), which announced a 24.5 percent jump in its January China sales on Friday, will also recall 181,797 vehicles, the quality watchdog said in a separate statement.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
OIL companies announced a rollback in the price of diesel but not for gasoline this week.
In separate advisories, Eastern Petroleum, Pilipinas Shell, Phoenix Petroleum, and SeaOil will slash the price of diesel by 10 centavos per liter but will increase gasoline by 45 centavos per liter effective 6:00 a.m. on Tuesday.
Pilipinas Shell and SeaOil will also lower the price of kerosene by 10 centavos per liter.
Meanwhile, Flying V will raise the price of gasoline by 45 centavos per liter and lower diesel and kerosene by 10 centavos, effective 12:01 a.m. on Tuesday.
Other oil companies are expected to adjust pump prices this week. JORDEENE SHEEX LAGARE
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Two economists found compelling evidence that the first letter of your last name does matter quite a bit, especially when you're young. But the effects seem to disappear by the time you reach your mid-30s
Once upon a time, when you desperately needed a locksmith or a tow truck, or maybe even to get out of jail, you turned to a thick book filled with hundreds of exceedingly thin yellow pages. The categories tended to start with a plethora of ‘A' names, from Aaron's Locksmith to Aardvark Towing to AAA Bail Bonds.
There's obviously an economic value to being listed first, even if it meant your business was almost unpronounceable.
Names can decide our fates in all sorts of ways. In the US, for example, studies show applicants with names stereotypically considered common among blacks can dampen prospects for jobs and housing. Academic papers reveal similar discrimination by Americans as well as Europeans against people with Arabic, Turkish, and other Middle Eastern names.
What about the first letter of your name? Does a name's position in the alphabet affect anything outside the Yellow Pages? The idea, though not as purposely harmful as the above, isn't so far-fetched. People and businesses are listed alphabetically all the time-and not just in the phone book. Their rank can subtly affect the choices people make, with far-reaching consequences.
Investors are a good example. Two studies published last year in the Review of Finance found stocks with names closer to the front of the alphabet are traded more often than those near the end. These front-of-the-alphabet stocks also have higher valuations, one set of researchers found. Authors divined the same effect in mutual funds: Funds with names at the beginning of the alphabet attracted more money than those with names further along.
It may seem illogical to choose an investment based on its name. But that's not quite what's happening. Many investors don't have time to check out every stock, so they take a shortcut. “When confronted with a large number of options, individuals often choose the first acceptable option, rather than the best possible option,” researchers concluded in one study.
OK, but what about human beings? Are people's lives and fortunes really affected by whether their last name begins with a ‘W' rather than a ‘C'?
Two University of Colorado economists found compelling evidence that the first letter of your last name does matter quite a bit-especially when you're young.
Professor Jeffrey Zax and graduate student Alexander Cauley analysed data on the lives of more than 3,000 men who graduated from Wisconsin high schools in 1957.
They found that those with surnames further back in the alphabet did worse in high school, in college, and in the job market early in their careers. “The effect [of the alphabetical rank] is significant, negative, and substantively large,” Cauley and Zax wrote. While correlation isn't necessarily causation, the researchers firmly believe there's a connection.
The findings suggest that teachers pay less attention to students further down their class rolls. On average, high school students in the data set had an 11.3 per cent chance of being designated an “outstanding” student in their graduating class. If a student's name was 10 letters further back in the alphabet, however-say, ‘K' vs ‘A', or ‘R' rather than ‘H' — their likelihood of being “outstanding” fell 1.28 percentage points, a more than 10 per cent drop on average.
A student 10 letters back in the alphabet was also 2.2 points less likely to express a favourable opinion of their high school courses, 2.9 points less likely to apply for college, 5.6 points more likely to quit once they get there, and 2.7 points less likely to graduate. Their first jobs also ranked as less prestigious, and they were more likely to join the military.
People with late-in-the-alphabet names “are presumably offered fewer opportunities,” the authors write. “They are consequently less prepared to take advantage of those opportunities that are offered.”
A version of the study was Cauley's undergraduate senior thesis, an idea suggested by Zax, who was their adviser at the time. Cauley stayed on at the University of Colorado as a graduate student, and they and Zax expanded the analysis. Now being prepared for publication, the findings have surprised other economists at academic conferences, said Cauley, now 29. “Most people don't go around thinking the alphabet will have any impact on their life,” they explained.
Ironically, Zax, 62, doesn't think their own spot at the end of the alphabet has been a disadvantage at all. “I don't necessarily feel like I've been neglected over a lifetime,” they said. “When I was in school, I thought of it as being kind of cool.”
But they were also a good student — one their teachers were unlikely to ignore, they said. That's a key factor, the research suggests. When Cauley and Zax dug deeper, and included the effects of IQ and perceived attractiveness, they found something striking. The men at the top and bottom of the rankings — those with the highest and lowest IQs, and the most and least attractive — generally didn't suffer from having late-in-the-alphabet names. Meanwhile, those in the middle with average looks and average intelligence were at the mercy of “alphabetism.”
The lesson is, if you have a last name that's at the back of the line, find another way to stand out.
“Being in the end itself is not the problem. The problem is being at the end and not being noteworthy in any other way,” Zax said. “This effect is really most powerful for people who aren't distinguished in any other way. They're being disregarded and ignored.”
Luckily, the cure for alphabetism is a lot easier than for other forms of discrimination: Hiring managers might consider job applicants randomly, rather than stacking up resumes in alphabetical order. Teachers might ignore the alphabet when seating students, or call attendance in reverse order, as Zax said they often do. Or perhaps just simple awareness that this could be a problem will do the trick.
If your name always put you at the back of the class and the end of the attendance roll, take heart. While alphabetism hurt early career prospects in the study, the effects seem to disappear by the time you reach your mid-30s. The longer you work and build a reputation, the less your name seems to matter. “People do find a way to overcome these disadvantages,” Zax said. “Over time, the effect of your last name erodes, and it's replaced by your actual record of accomplishment.”
— Washington Post
Ben Steverman writes for Bloomberg about personal finance and other topics
LONDON, April 10 Citi on Monday said it had hired Simon Francis as co-head of leverage finance for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) from rival Credit Suisse .
Francis will report to head of capital markets origination for EMEA Philip Drury. Paul Gibbs and Rizwan Shaikh have been appointed co-heads of loans in EMEA and will also report to Drury, an internal memo said.
"We will continue to invest in our EMEA Leverage Finance business and look forward to making further announcements in due course," Drury said in the memo. (Reporting by Dasha Afanasieva; Editing by Edmund Blair)
(Adds company news items, futures)
March 30 Britain's FTSE 100 futures were up 0.1 percent ahead of the cash market open on Thursday.
* LSE: London Stock Exchange said it will buy back 200 million pounds ($248.74 million) of its shares, as it tries to placate shareholders following the collapse of its merger with Deutsche Boerse .
* GENEL ENERGY: Genel Energy, an Iraqi Kurdistan oil producer chaired by former BP boss Tony Hayward, deepened its annual operating loss last year after it further downgraded reserves at its flagship oilfield.
* IMPERIAL BRANDS: Imperial Brands, the world's fourth-biggest tobacco company, stuck by its full-year guidance on Thursday as it said it would match first-half earnings expectations at constant currency and reported rates.
* BOOKER: Booker, the British wholesaler that in January agreed to be taken over by Tesco for 3.7 billion pounds ($4.60 billion), said on Thursday sales growth had eased in its fourth quarter, with tobacco sales dented by a display ban and plain packaging restrictions.
* WILLIAM HILL: British bookmaker William Hill Plc named Ruth Prior as its new chief financial officer on Thursday.
* SSE: British energy supplier SSE expects dividend cover for its 2017/18 financial year to be at the lower range of its target due to the low capacity market clearing price and lower earnings in some of its networks businesses, it said on Thursday.
* LLOYD'S OF LONDON: Lloyd's of London, the world's largest specialty insurance market, has chosen Brussels for its European Union subsidiary because of its strong regulatory framework, it said on Thursday, confirming earlier reports.
* BHP BILLITON: Chile's Escondida named a new president to run a mine operated by BHP Billiton on Thursday, days after the company failed to clinch a wage deal with workers after an historically long strike.
* JOHNSTON PRESS: Top Johnston Press shareholder Crystal Amber has opened talks with the newspaper publisher's lenders about a debt-for-equity swap, The Telegraph reported on Wednesday.
* BREXIT: The British government will set out plans on Thursday to convert European Union laws into domestic legislation to give "businesses, workers and consumers the certainty they need" as Britain exits the bloc.
*OIL: Oil prices dipped on Thursday, ending two days of increases as record U.S. crude inventories outweighed a fall in gasoline stocks and disruptions in Libyan supplies.
* EX-DIVS: British Land Company, Old Mutual, Prudential , Schroders and Smith & Nephew will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 4.79 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations
* The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index ended up 0.4 percent at 7,373.72 points on Wednesday, after a choppy session following Britain's formal triggering of its departure from the European Union.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Siju Varghese; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
The ticker symbol for Fitbit is displayed at the post where it is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) February 23, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Wearable device maker Fitbit Inc (FIT.N) reported quarterly revenue above its own forecast, and said launches planned for this year were on track, sending the company's shares up 7.2 percent in after-market trading on Wednesday.
Investors are betting on Fitbit's new launches to bolster sales, after the company struggled with a lackluster holiday quarter and production issues that weighed on sales.
"As we enter the smartwatch category, I think that will be a catalyst for growth," Chief Executive Officer James Park said on an earnings call.
The company's smartwatch, codenamed "Higgs" will be able to make touchless payments, the ability to store and play music from Pandora, according to media reports.
Fitbit, which has called 2017 "a transition year", also garnered success with its Alta HR, a recently launched wristband that monitors the heart rate and tracks sleep.
Alta HR accounted for under 20 percent of the company's total revenue in the first quarter ended April 1.
Fitbit's revenue fell about 41 percent to $298.9 million in the latest quarter. Analysts on average had estimated revenue of $280.8 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"Investors are positive right now as they did beat at the high end of their revenue guidance, in terms of how they were performing relative to their initial targets, revenue was above," Wedbush Securities analyst Nick McKay said.
Fitbit, whose colorful wristbands and clippable widgets help track heart rate, calories, sleeping patterns and step counts, said in February that it expected first-quarter revenue of between $270 million and $290 million.
The company blamed the decline in revenue to a shift among consumers toward higher featured devices and smartwatches.
Fitbit also said the U.S. channel inventory levels declined 30 percent during the quarter and added that inventory levels are moving in the right direction.
The company posted a net loss of $60.1 million, or 27 cents per share, compared with a profit of $11 million, or 5 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company posted a loss of 15 cents per share, smaller than analysts' average estimate of an 18 cents loss.
The company had forecast an adjusted loss of 18 cents-20 cents per share in February.
Fitbit's shares had fallen 22.4 percent this year, through Wednesday's close of $5.68.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: Donald Trump and their Republican allies unleashed a controversial memo accusing the FBI of bias and abuse of power on Friday (Saturday in Manila), intensifying a high-stakes fight between the White House and prosecutors investigating the president's campaign team.
Trump defied their own FBI director and the Justice Department to declassify the four-page Republican document, which implies malfeasance and partisanship at the very top of American law enforcement.
“I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace,” a visibly tense Trump said as they announced their decision to release the memo. “A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that.”
Democrats and some Republicans have cried foul over the document, dismissing its release as little more than a stunt, and another thinly veiled effort to undermine the investigation into the Trump campaign's ties with Russia.
They claim the document—drafted by Devin Nunes, a Trump transition official, Congressman and House Intelligence Committee chairperson—has glaring holes. The FBI itself said it had “grave concerns” over its accuracy.
The memo claims that Democrat-funded research prompted the FBI to spy on a former Trump campaign aide, Carter Page.
In a subsequent statement, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the document “raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI.”
Trump's son Don Jr. tweeted that it should be “game over” for the Russia investigation.
Trump's one-year-old presidency has been dominated by allegations that multiple aides, including Don Jr. and their son-in-law Jared Kushner, may have coordinated with the Kremlin to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Special counsel Robert Mueller has already indicted two officials including Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, and two more campaign officials have admitted lying to investigators—including onetime national security advisor Michael Flynn.
The 71-year-old president has decried the allegations as fake news and a Democratic plot. Mueller is soon expected to ask them to testify under oath about what they know.
‘Talk is cheap'
The memo's release sent shockwaves across Washington, calling into question the future of Trump's hand-picked FBI Director Christopher Wray.
But they shrugged off attacks on the FBI's independence and pledged to defend their agents in an internal letter sent to staff on Friday and obtained by Agence France-Presse.
“Talk is cheap; the work you do is what will endure,” Wray wrote.
“Let me be clear: I stand fully committed to our mission… I stand with you.”
The FBI had previously issued an extraordinary public warning against the memo's release, saying it contained “material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.”
But perhaps the biggest question hung over deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein.
Rosenstein oversees the Russia investigation and has the power to fire special counsel Mueller, because their boss, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, recused himself.
They were the only law enforcement official named in the memo who has not already been fired by Trump or moved from their post.
Trump, when asked if they have confidence in Rosenstein, told journalists in the Oval Office: “You figure that one out.”
But the president faced intense pushback from Democrats in Congress, who warned that any attempt to fire Rosenstein or Mueller would be seen as obstruction.
“We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Minority Nancy Pelosi and eight other key Democrats said in a statement.
“Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership, or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre,” they said, referring to disgraced president Richard Nixon's orders to fire justice officials during the Watergate scandal.
Several senior Republican senators also weighed in to show their displeasure.
“Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows,” said Senator John McCain
As they prepared to declassify the document, Trump took a swipe at the FBI and Justice Department.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans,” they tweeted.
The president called the alleged bias “something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago,” adding: Rank & File are great people!”
The explosive Republican memo was based on the highly classified, much larger record of the application to obtain a so-called FISA national security warrant in 2016 to surveil Page.
AFP
CAIRO Islamic State claimed responsibility on Wednesday for an attack on an armoured convoy used by NATO that killed eight people in the Afghan capital Kabul.
It said in a statement on its Amaq news agency that a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-rigged car as the convoy passed an area near the U.S. embassy, killing eight American soldiers.
Public health officials in Kabul said the eight dead were civilians and that at least 28 people were wounded in the blast that took place during the morning rush hour in a busy part of the city. Three U.S. service members were among the wounded.
(Reporting by Ahmed Tolba,; Writing by Lin Noueihed)
The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne, near Saint-Nazaire, western France, November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
ABUJA A consortium led by General Electric (GE.N) submitted the only bid for a Nigerian railway concession project worth around $2 billion (1.60 billion pounds) for two lines connecting northern cities to others in the south, a procurement process adviser said on Wednesday.
Bids had to be submitted by Wednesday.
Nigeria has been looking for partners to overhaul its ageing railway system, built mainly by British colonial rulers before independence in 1960.
Economic growth in Africa's most populous nation has been hampered for decades by the dilapidated road and rail network.
The concession will cover about 3,500 km (2,200 miles) of existing narrow-gauge lines from the southwestern commercial capital, Lagos, to Kano in the north, and southeastern oil hub Port Harcourt to Maiduguri in the northeast.
"We received one bid today," said Fola Fagbule, vice president and co-head of advisory at Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) which ran a procurement process after being appointed lead adviser by the government.
The only bid, led by GE, was in partnership with Transnet [CGETR.UL] of South Africa, Dutch-based APM Terminals and China's Sinohydro Consortium.
Nigeria's upper chamber of parliament, the Senate, said in November it would investigate the railway concession over possible violations by Nigerian officials.
(Editing by James Dalgleish)
March 30 Liqtech International Inc:
* Liqtech International Inc reports fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results
* Q4 sales fell 49 percent to $2.6 million
* Recorded an impairment charge on goodwill of $7.3 million, during three months ended December 31, 2016
* Liqtech International Inc - net loss attributable to Liqtech for quarter was $11.4 million compared to a profit of $0.1 million for same period of 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BURSA, Turkey, March 28 Isbank has seen its short-term external borrowing costs increase by 30-40 basis points since Turkey's sovereign debt was cut to junk status, a level that remains "tolerable", the head of Turkey's largest listed lender said.
Credit ratings agency Moody's in September cut Turkey's sovereign debt rating to "junk", or non-investment grade, citing worries about the rule of law after an attempted coup, and risks from a slowing economy.
Rival agency Fitch Ratings in January followed suit, depriving Turkey of its sole remaining investment-grade rating on concerns about politics and monetary policy.
"Since losing the (sovereign) investment grade by both credit ratings agencies we have seen the impact in our borrowings," Isbank General Manager Adnan Bali told reporters at a roundtable interview on the sidelines of an economic summit in Turkey's northwestern province of Bursa on Saturday.
Their comments were embargoed for release on Tuesday.
"We haven't seen too much of a change in long-term (borrowing). There has been a 30-40 basis points effect in our short term external borrowings, which at the moment is tolerable. What's important is the trend from now on."
Isbank is Turkey's largest listed bank by assets. (Reporting by Nevzat Devranoglu; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Humeyra Pamuk)
April 12 Oncolytics Biotech Inc -
* Announces registration pathway and clinical development plan
* Announced initial registration pathway and clinical development plan for reolysin, proprietary immuno-oncology viral agent
* Trial will recruit approximately 44 patients across up to six myeloma UK clinical trial network centres in UK
* Oncolytics and Celgene UK & Ireland are providing respective products for muk eleven
* Oncolytics is providing Reolysin and Celgene UK & Ireland is providing imnovid and revlimid Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TOKYO, April 13 Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance plans to reduce currency hedging on U.S. Treasuries in the fiscal year to March, expecting the dollar to strengthen gradually, the company's investment planning executives said on Thursday.
The institutional investor also plans to step up investment in U.S. corporate bonds and other credit products to enhance yields while keeping investments in low-yielding domestic bond in check, they said. (Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
FILE PHOTO: Dennis Kimetto of Kenya poses next to the timekeeping vehicle displaying their new world record, as they celebrate during the awards ceremony for the 41st Berlin marathon, Germany September 28, 2014. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Ghirmay Ghebreslassie (L) of Eritrea leads the men's pack next to Hosea Rotich of Kenya and Lelisa Desisa of Ethiopia as they cross the Ed Koch Queensboro Bridge during the 2016 New York City Marathon in New York City, U.S. November 6, 2016. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz/File Photo
Nike's "Breaking-2" attempt in Italy this weekend might not produce a sub-two hour marathon, but it will probably lead to a world best time, three exercise physiology experts have told Reuters.
Assuming conditions are conducive to fast running - cool and not too windy - all three predict a time inside Dennis Kimetto's 2014 world record of two hours, two minutes, 57 seconds when Kenyan Olympic champion Eliud Kipchoge, Ethiopia's Lelisa Desisa and Eritrea's Zersenay Tadese take to the Monza motor racing track, aided by a group of "in and out" pacemakers.
But shaving three minutes off the world record, albeit in a run that would not stand due to the in-out pacemakers, is a tall order, no matter what the conditions. It would mean bringing down Kimetto's average pace of four minutes, 41 seconds per mile, to 4:34, or the equivalent of nearly two seconds for every 400 metres.
An improvement of seven seconds per mile might not sound much to an average weekend jogger, but it is an extraordinary challenge for elite runners already at the limit.
"This is physiologically possible, the athletes attempting it, the pacing scheme, the shoes and the course should all make a difference," Michael Joyner, an expert in human performance at the Mayo Clinic, told Reuters.
"However, a 2.5 percent jump in a distance running record is very big by historical standards and the weather is the wild card."
Joyner thinks there is a roughly 50 percent chance one of the runners will better 2:01:30.
"That time would represent a great accomplishment and really reset the whole conversation," said Joyner, who wrote a paper back in 1991 predicting that a sub two-hour marathon was feasible. The world record at the time was 2:06:50.
Another expert, Mike Hahn, predicts a winning time of roughly 2:00:30.
"It is physiologically possible (for someone to break two hours). It's a little harder to pin down exactly when it will happen," said the director of the Bowerman Sports Science Clinic at the University of Oregon.
Apart from the usual marathon variables, Hahn is curious as to whether the new Nike Zoom Vaporfly Elite shoes the runners will wear will provide extra assistance.
"One of the major ways to improve running economy is to get more propulsion out of the footwear," they said, before observing that the apparently super lightweight shoes "potentially could be the least comfortable running shoes ever".
Another factor will be how well the pacemakers do their job - both in hitting various distances at pre-planned times, and in shielding Kipchoge and company from any headwinds on the loop course.
Erring on the side of caution would be wise for them, said Evan Day, a PhD student at the University of Oregon and an expert on running economy and foot mechanics.
Day observed that most major marathons ask the pacemakers to pass halfway in just over 61 minutes.
They suggested the Monza pack aim for a few seconds under one hour. Any quicker, they said, and there is a big risk of losing huge chunks of time late in the race.
Day is going out on a limb in predicting the two-hour barrier will fall, probably to Kipchoge, a former 5,000 metres world champion who has sizzling track speed to back up their endurance.
"The world record is a definite, it's just a matter of by how much," Day said, before making their prediction for the weekend - 1:59:59.
(The story was refiled to change the headline, no change to story)
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, Editing by Ed Osmond/Mitch Phillips)
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
March 30 Murad Chia Jei Biotechnology Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.08 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute stock dividend worth T$ 0.4 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Xw8eiI
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 20 Anadolu Efes:
* Decided to suspend its brewing operations located in Merter, Istanbul, which has 15 percent share in total capacity, as of May 22
* Says to transfer these operations to other facilities in Adana, Ankara and Izmir
* Says the total estimated employment termination benefits for all employees in our Merter plant amounts to 14 million liras ($3.82 million)
* This decision was taken considering the environmental and logistic effects of company's factory that remains in the city center after urbanization
* Says to consider the options about the land where the Istanbul factory is located Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.6646 liras) (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Stocks lower on signs Fed may cut balance sheet this yr
* Automakers and banks underperform
* Defense firm Ishikawa Seisakusho soars on N.Korea concerns
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, April 6 Japan's Nikkei share average tumbled to a four-month low on Thursday morning after U.S. shares tumbled overnight on signs the U.S. Federal Reserve may start cutting its king-sized balance sheet earlier than expected.
The Nikkei dropped 1.4 percent to 18,595.12 points by the midday break, the lowest since early December.
Investors were spooked by minutes of the Fed's last meeting, which showed most policymakers thought the U.S. central bank should begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet this year.
The minutes also showed "some participants viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures."
"We were hit by a bucket of cold water," said Norihiro Fujito, senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
"Signs that the Fed could pare its balance sheet is shocking enough, but the mood was exacerbated as the Fed touched upon stock valuations, which is very rare," they added.
Automakers, which were already under pressure after weak March U.S. auto sales this week, extended their decline after the dollar fell 0.3 percent at 110.390 yen. Toyota Motor Corp dropped 0.9 percent and Nissan Motor Co Ltd tumbled 1.5 percent.
Banking stocks also lost ground, with Mizuho Financial Group Inc slipping 2.0 percent and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc shedding 1.4 percent.
Investors were also wary ahead of a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, the first between the world's two most powerful leaders.
Meanwhile, defence equipment maker Ishikawa Seisakusho Ltd soared 15 percent to a daily limit high of 1,137 yen, the highest level since July 2015. Investors believe demand for the company's defence equipment could surge as concerns escalate over North Korea.
Regional tensions have risen after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile on Wednesday, just a day before the Trump-Xi summit, where North Korea's arms development drive will take centre stage.
The broader Topix dropped 1.1 percent to 1,488.39 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 declined 1.1 percent to 13,327.02.
(Editing by Randy Fabi)
March 30 The last abortion clinic operating in Kentucky has sued a state health and family services agency, accusing it of retaliating against the clinic for another lawsuit and trying to use a technicality to shut the facility.
The lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Louisville on Wednesday by the EMW Women's Surgical Center seeks an emergency restraining order that would block the state Cabinet for Health and Family Services from revoking its license.
"Their goal and the governor's goal is to make sure women in Kentucky can't have abortions, period full stop," attorney Donald Cox, who represents the clinic, said in an interview.
Representatives for the Cabinet for Health and Family Services and for Governor Matt Bevin, an anti-abortion Republican who took office in 2015, did not return calls seeking comment.
According to the lawsuit, the state agency sent the clinic a letter "out of the blue" on March 13 claiming its license renewal was in jeopardy because certain agreements with ambulance companies were out of compliance.
The letter threatened to shut down EMW Women's Surgical Center, Kentucky's sole operating abortion clinic, within 10 days if those agreements were not rectified.
The lawsuit called the action "deeply suspicious," saying it came after the clinic sued the state in January over a new law that would require women seeking an abortion to first undergo an ultrasound and hear a description of the embryo or fetus. The lawsuit was backed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
That law, passed swiftly after Republicans gained majorities in the state legislature and signed by Bevin, is part of a renewed push by abortion opponents in the United States to restrict access to the procedure.
Some 25 states have laws regarding ultrasounds and abortions, but only three states require medical staff to display and describe the images, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, a non-profit group focusing on health issues. (Reporting by Dan Whitcomb)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: Drug users and pushers take an oath that they will not be involved in drugs again, after they surrendered to local officials in Tanauan Batangas, south of Manila, Philippines July 18, 2016. REUTERS/Erik De Castro/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A woman prays for their loved one who they say was killed due to alleged involvement in illegal drugs, during a Holy Eucharist mass against extra-judicial killings inside a Roman Catholic Church in Paranaque city, metro Manila, Philippines March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco/File Photo
MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's office rejected allegations on Thursday by two senior police officers in a Reuters report that police received cash rewards for executing drug suspects, while the most high-profile critic of the president backed the officers' claims.
"There is no truth in the allegation that there is a coordinated effort to kill drug suspects," the president's office said Thursday in a written reply to questions from Reuters. "The so-called officers interviewed must be living movie scenes."
Leila de Lima, who was arrested in February on drug charges after leading a Senate probe into Duterte's drug war, said that the allegations by the two officers had revealed "the ugly and disturbing truth of what has become" of the Philippines police. De Lima, who says they are the target of a vendetta, made the comments in a handwritten note from detention inside national police headquarters.
In a Reuters report published on Tuesday, the two officers, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Philippine National Police (PNP) officers carried out most of the killings they have long blamed on vigilantes.
"Our reporting was fair and accurate and we stand by it," said a Reuters spokesperson.
One of the men, a retired intelligence officer, authored an unpublished 26-page report that provides granular detail on the alleged methods deployed in the drug war, as well as the campaign's masterminds and perpetrators. The report, which said it is based on the accounts of 17 serving and former officers, does not contain any documentary evidence.
The president's office, which said there was "no such report," added that the police were "not in the business of hiring assassins." It also called on the two officers to make their complaints publicly and under oath.
(To view the cover page of the report, click on the link: here)
On Wednesday, a Philippine senator called for a probe into the allegations, while a police spokesperson challenged the claims but said they would be investigated.
Senator Sherwin Gatchalian said in a statement that the PNP should take "drastic measures" to verify the allegations made by the two police officers, and punish those who have "broken their vow to protect the Filipino people."
Gatchalian said the integrity of the police was "at stake," and called on PNP chief Ronald dela Rosa to "unmask the truth."
PLANTING EVIDENCE
PNP spokesperson Dionardo Carlos said they encouraged the two police officers interviewed by Reuters to come forward and publicly air their allegations. They said claims that cash rewards were being paid for killing drug suspects were implausible, because police would not have that kind of money at their disposal and such acts would be unlawful.
Close to 9,000 people, mostly drug users and small-time dealers, have been killed since Duterte took office almost 10 months ago and promised an unrelenting campaign to rid the Philippines of illicit narcotics.
Police say about a third of the victims were shot by officers in self-defence during anti-drug operations. Human rights groups believe many of the remaining two thirds were killed by paid assassins cooperating with the police or by police themselves, disguised as vigilantes. The government and police reject that.
The two officers said that most of the drug-war killings are orchestrated by the police, including those they say are carried out by vigilantes. Reuters was unable to independently verify if the police are behind vigilante killings.
One of the officers, an active-duty police commander, also said that officers plant drugs and guns at the scene of deadly narcotics busts.
Senator Panfilo Lacson, a former national police chief, said Wednesday in a text message to GMA news, one of the leading media organizations in the Philippines, that unless Reuters identified the two police officers and they could provide "convincing proof of their allegations," they would dismiss the report as "gossip."
The report also asserts that Duterte, who released Communist rebels from prison to restart peace talks, has close ties to leftist forces. In response, the president's office said that the Communist insurgency in the country was "rooted in poverty, inequality and economic exclusion," and that Duterte "is open to dialogue with groups of different political persuasions and ideologies, including the Left."
(Reporting by Clare Baldwin, Martin Petty and Manuel Mogato. Edited by Peter Hirschberg.)
Celebrities are just like the rest of us! Even their cars will break down sometimes.
A trip to the Hamptons for Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin went awry on Monday (July 2) when Bieber's Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG broke down in the middle of an intersection.
So while waiting for police to arrive to the scene, Bieber got out of the car and directed traffic. Yes, there really is footage of the “Sorry" singer moving cars through the intersection.
#JustinBeiber & Hailey Baldwin casually directing traffic around their broke down Benz-- #TheHamptons pic.twitter.com/rGWAPMSZtO — Allison Ackerman (@BeachBlondeBOS) July 2, 2018
+ Justin and Hailey spotted in The Hamptons, New York (July 2) pic.twitter.com/ssH9yN6c5y — Bieber-news HQ (@BiebernewsHQ) July 3, 2018
Could you imagine driving by and seeing Bieber playing the role of a traffic cop right before your very eyes? It's insane, right?The police did show up to the scene to relieve Bieber of their traffic cop duties, according to reports , and a mechanic ultimately removed the $150,000 car from the scene.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Quantum Foods Holdings
* Expects HY headline earnings per share of between 11.2 cents and 14.2 cents, being a decrease of between 4% and 24%
* Expects HY earnings per share of between 11.2 cents and 16.4 cents, being a decrease of between 37% and 57% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two points adrift of safety and seven defeats on the spin is not the kind of form that suggests survival.
But after the appointment of Garry Monk, Birmingham City find themselves in a much healthier position, clawing themselves out of the relegation zone under the new boss.
And now former Blues hero Darren Carter has backed Monk to finish the job and take their side to the next level.
“We needed the appointment to be well-considered,” said the 35-year-old. "And someone for me that is a modern-day manager.
“I think you find that in Garry Monk, he's not that long retired from the game.
“Garry is a very knowledgeable manager and a very good coach. Hopefully they can get Blues back on track.”
The Solihull Moors captain was keen to express the sorrows felt by many Bluenoses on what has been a turbulent season.
And Carter admits that the club just haven't quite got it right since Gary Rowett's surprise departure 15 months ago.
“It hasn't been any fun looking at results at 5 o'clock on a Saturday afternoon and seeing Blues pick up defeats.
“It was a big, bold move to get rid of Gary Rowett when they were doing so well,” claimed Carter. “He was well-liked and so highly regarded at the club.
“I don't think it's been the fault of the likes of Gianfranco Zola; I feel as though they were put into a position that was very difficult from the outset.
“Harry Redknapp came in and kept us up for those couple of games, but I don't think it was ever really Harry's time to come in and take the club forward.
“Steve Cotterill then took it on their shoulders but it's a very difficult job and they tried their very best.”
Despite the turmoil on and off the pitch at St Andrew's, Carter harboured a sense of optimism concerning their beloved boyhood club.
“I always say to football fans that you can't have too many highs and lows in terms of your emotions because it is a rollercoaster game and things can change so quickly.
“If you were a Blues fan around Christmas time you'd probably be thinking that things were never going to get any better,” said the ex-Baggies man. "Now all of a sudden there is a light at the end of the tunnel.
“So through all the tough times, there are always some good times just round the corner.”
Carter has been busy battling relegation himself, as their Solihull Moors side prepare themselves for three crucial fixtures in the National League.
The Moors looked to be certainties for the drop at the turn of the year, but their fortunes have vastly improved since the arrival of Mark Yates.
Solihull now find themselves boasting an incredible nine-game unbeaten run which has lifted them five points above the relegation zone.
(Image: © TomKingPhotography)
“It had been Jekyll and Hyde up until December,” stated Carter. "But we're finishing the season strong, which is great.
“The results and obviously the turmoil on and off the field; we're talking about changes in management, the turnaround of players - I think to this point we have used 55 players this year.
“We were playing catch-up from December time, but as a team from January onwards we have been fantastic.
“We've had a settled 16 to 18 man squads which gives us a bit of consistency and stability,” said the Moors captain. "I think everybody at the club has turned it round.”
With Carter now moving towards the latter stages of their career, the midfielder was happy to reflect on what they described as a ‘positive season'.
But the 35-year-old admitted that as the years begin to catch up with him, the idea of coaching looms larger than ever.
“I came into this season knowing we were underdogs,” said Carter. "And being made captain meant there was a lot of responsibility on me.
“I took on the coaching side of it as well, the community side - I was trying to do all aspects of the club and be a full-time member of Solihull Moors.
“Coaching is something I have always flirted with the idea of doing, earning my badges and everything.
“Working with the academy at Solihull, I wanted to see if I really enjoyed it and if I was any good at it?” the veteran midfielder stated. "So I think this year has proved to me that there is a coaching career there for me.”
Carter has already spoken to several former managers and ex-professionals as they seek to gain all the guidance possible for when they eventually hang up their playing boots.
But the Solihull captain acknowledged that despite the excitement surrounding their coaching future, leading their hometown club to safety remains their utmost priority.
Only then when will they sit down and consider their options for the future.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Both Mark (Yates) and Tim (Flowers) know that I'm looking to go down the coaching path and they're there if I ever needed advice.
“But I think the main concern for us as a three is being on the field,” stressed Carter. "So we haven't really had much time to dive into anything else.
“I've already spoked to people like Steve Bruce and some other coaches that I've had like Aidy Boothroyd,” said the midfielder, “I've spoke to Aidy a few times so I'm just trying to get as much knowledge and information into the coaching world as I can.”
Playing and coaching are not the only two aspects of football that Carter enjoys.
Blues' play-off hero also spoke of their love for commentary, and they have no intention of stopping anytime soon.
“I've managed to do bits and bobs in the commentary world,” said Carter. "But it's difficult sometimes because I mostly cover Blues and our fixture list mirrors theirs.
“When there is the odd game that I can do then I'll always do it for BBC WM or Free Radio.
“I love that side of it as it's a different avenue and gives you a different perspective.”
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades.  They are believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
April 13 Brick Brewing Co. Ltd:
* Brick brewing reports record full-year EBITDA of $8.8m
* Q4 revenue c$10.5 million versus c$9.0 million
* Brick Brewing Co. - Kitchener expansion project on track for completion this summer with expected full year recurring savings of $0.6 million
* EBITDA for quarter was $1.8 million, compared to EBITDA in q4 of fiscal 2016 of $1.6 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - NP3 FASTIGHETER AB:
* BUYS PROPERTIES FOR A VALUE OF SEK 179 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Major milestone achieved towards agri-tourism project emphasizing educational, recreational and economic benefits to community.
The Gov. Leroy Collins Farm Park is a mini urban working farm in Davie, Florida.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Farming
* Agriculture Industry:
* Agriculture Location:
* Davie - Florida - US Subject:
* Awards
Contact
Donna Evans - Phone: (954) 914-0283
President, Friends of the Davie Farm Park
info@daviefarmpark.org Donna Evans - Phone: (954) 914-0283President, Friends of the Davie Farm Park
End
-- The Broward County Capital Challenge Grant Program awarded $500,000 to the Town of Davie to be put towards their proposed education center as part of the larger Governor Leroy Collins Farm Park. The park's overall theme is "Making a Difference" and this recent grant makes a big difference in reaching the total fundraising goal of $6,000,000.The Education Center will include a museum showcasing the history of agriculture in South Florida. This, along with the other park amenities, special events, and programs will attract visitors from throughout the US and abroad.The farm park list of features will include a farmers market, butterfly garden, interaction with farm animals, programs for the special needs community and the previously mentioned education center. Area residents will have access to youth and community programs, educational opportunities and the miles of existing trails and parks connected to the site.The facility will be environmentally friendly using the latest green technology. Plans for the site include solar panels, windmills, anaerobic digester, rain capture and composting. Researchers from all over the country can visit and learn more about innovative techniques.Additional support for the project will come from the Project Stable Foundation, Friends of the Davie Farm Park, Inc. and the Broward County Farm Bureau.Benefits of Agri-tourism for community include:● Generates direct revenue for local businesses● Attracts new visitors with specific interest in environment and agriculture● Diversifies the local economy● Provides educational and recreational opportunities that are not currently offeredFriends of the Davie Farm Park Inc is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization. The group's mission is to preserve and protect the past, present, and future of Davie's agriculture and natural resources through education and demonstration. The group has been instrumental in providing formative planning and direction for the site development and is actively working to obtain key sponsorships through naming rights as well as monetary contributions.The Governor Leroy Collins Farm Park is on the western edge of Davie, Florida, bordering I-75 on the west, Shotgun Road on the east, and SW 36Street (South Post Road) on the South. To learn more, visit www.daviefarmpark.org.
May 2 Assurant Inc:
* Assurant reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 operating earnings per share $1.87
* Q1 earnings per share $2.53
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.52 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly net investment income $ 120.6 million versus $135.7 million
* Assurant -Q1 net earned premiums, fees and other income from global housing, global lifestyle and global preneed segments totaled $1.38 billion compared to $1.55 billion last year
* Assurant Inc says combined ratio for risk-based businesses increased to 82.9 percent in Q1 2017 from 80.7 percent in prior-year quarter
* Assurant Inc sees for FY 2017 assurant net operating income, excluding reportable catastrophe losses, to be roughly level with 2016 results
* Operating earnings per diluted share for FY 2017 , excluding catastrophe losses, to grow double-digits from 2016
* Assurant Inc - for 2017 assurant net operating income, excluding reportable catastrophe losses, to be roughly level with 2016 results
* Assurant Inc -for 2017 assurant operating earnings per diluted share, excluding catastrophe losses, to grow double-digits from 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Mario Batali is giving up oversight of the daily operations at their restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York, part of Vox Media, reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three of whom worked for Batali. The women, who were not named in the Eater story, claim that Batali engaged in behavior including groping one's chest and grabbing one from behind and holding them tightly against their body.
In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said that the complaints “match up” with their past behavior.
“I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family,” Batali said.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that they were reprimanded and required to attend training.
Batali will also take leave from their ABC cooking show, “The Chew.”
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the network said Monday. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
The allegations against Batali are just the latest in a series of incidents that include Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, resignations in the U.S. House and Senate and calls again for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced. Last week Time magazine named the “silence breakers,” those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in their career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
Their career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and they skyrocketed to fame with the airing of “Molto Mario,” a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that their signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became instantly recognizable to most people.
The Food Network, which was planning to relaunch “Molto Mario,” said Monday that it was placing its plans on hold. “Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” the network said in a statement.
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities. The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants, including Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles. It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston.
Batali has long been socially active. The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. They have come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
WARSAW, April 10 The plane that crashed and killed Poland's president and 95 others in 2010 probably disintegrated in mid-air when explosives were detonated on board, a Polish government commission said on Monday.
"Much indicates that on Apr. 10, 2010, an explosion took place on board of the government Tupolev plane," said the commentary accompanying video material presented by the commission on Monday. here
"As a result of the conducted experiments, we can say that the most likely cause of the explosion was a thermobaric charge initiating a strong shockwave."
The new commission presented its preliminary findings on the seventh anniversary of the catastrophe in western Russia that killed President Lech Kaczynski and their wife, top army brass and several lawmakers.
It repeated allegations, first made in Warsaw a week ago, that Russian air traffic controllers had deliberately set the plane on the wrong descent path. Polish prosecutors said then they would press charges against two controllers, while Moscow rejected the allegations.
An earlier commission created by the previous centrist government blamed mistakes by the Polish pilots and Russian air traffic controllers for the crash. A Russian report put the blame squarely on the Poles.
The current government of the right-wing Law and Justice party last month accused European Council President Donald Tusk of working with Russia's Vladimir Putin to harm Polish interests following the plane crash. Tusk was Polish prime minister at the time.
The new investigatory commission created by Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz said on Monday that a blast most likely tore the plane into pieces, killing all 96 people seconds before it hit the ground.
FRAGMENTS
The crash took place as pilots attempted to land a Soviet-made TU-154 at a rarely used airport near Smolensk to take part in commemorations of thousands of Polish officers executed there by Soviet secret police in 1940.
The commission report said that as well as large pieces of wreckage, there was a multitude of smaller fragments, a fact that could be explained by an explosion.
Russia has so far refused to return the wreckage of the jet to Poland, a member of NATO and the European Union, citing its own continuing investigation.
The commission also said that at least four victims of the crash had significant burns on their bodies, although they were found away from flames on the crash site.
One of the plane doors penetrated the ground to a depth of one metre, suggesting it had been travelling 10 times faster than the plane's speed, it said.
The commission said it had ordered a reconstruction of part of the TU-154 plane and blown it up with a thermobaric charge, adding that the damage resembled that done in the Russian crash.
Polish prosecutors last year ordered the coffins of crash victims to be reopened to check for traces of explosives. This process will continue until next year, prosecutors said earlier this month.
The commission's findings are likely to worsen relations with Moscow - already strained over the conflict in Ukraine - and increase domestic political tensions in Poland. (Writing by Marcin Goettig; editing by Andrew Roche)
(Adds background)
WASHINGTON, March 30 Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will transfer $10 billion in earnings to the U.S. Treasury, a spokesperson for the regulator said on Thursday, in an expected move from the mortgage-finance giants.
The payment, which is due on Friday, will be made as scheduled, said a spokesperson for the Federal Housing Finance Agency.
Washington took control of Fannie and Freddie as the housing crisis worsened in September 2008. The companies have since grown profitable and lawmakers are debating about whether to cut government ties to the agencies that promote home ownership.
A legislative overhaul of Fannie and Freddie is unlikely this year partly because President Donald Trump has other priorities, according to Congressional staffers.
Political uncertainty has turned attention to the balance sheets of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Both companies would need to boost their capital reserves before leaving government hands. (Reporting By Patrick Rucker; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Jeffrey Benkoe)
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for their role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described them as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where they had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted them and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
They added that other members of their community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to their reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But their release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but they cannot leave the country. They were also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing them access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of their bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
CAR T Cell Therapy Market – A Revolution in Cancer Treatment
Contact
Mr. Shah
Coherent Market Insights
+1-206-701-6702
***@coherentmarketinsights.com Mr. ShahCoherent Market Insights+1-206-701-6702
End
-- The Globalis expected to be valued atby, as analyzed by. Increasing demand for genetically engineered treatment approach for high success rate in cancer treatment along with growing cancer incidence rate are key factors driving demand for CAR T cell therapy products worldwide.Lately, CAR T cell therapy has emerged as the new pillar for cancer treatment, creating high market potential for companies engaged in development and promotion of the product. Currently, Novartis International AG, Juno Therapeutics and Kite Pharma Inc. are dominating the CAR T cell therapy market. Clinical research by these players have revealed high rate of remission in patients with r/r B cell ALL and DLBCL. These companies are making major investments in R&D to expedite the clinical process. Novartis invested around US$ 9 billion in R&D – significant share of it is allocated towards oncology and development of CAR-T cell products in 2016. This novel cellular immunotherapy has attracted significant investment in last two years.CAR T cell therapy market is expected to be primarily driven by increasing demand for highly effective therapy mode of treating cancer. Combating cancer has been a major concern for healthcare industry for years. CAR T cell works on gene transfer technology that boosts the immune response of cancer affected individual by destroying affected tumor cells. It has been analyzed to act as a lifesaving drug for over 30 million patients' sufferings from lymphoma. Though the CAR T cell therapy market outlook is highly optimistic, market players need to address the manufacturing and scalability options to generate higher profits. Novartis and Kite have already started building a roadmap for it.• North America is expected to dominate the CAR T cell therapy market throughout the forecast period. The region is expected to account for 58.3% of overall industry share by 2018. Leukemia, lymphoma, and myeloma accounted for 9.4% of 1.6 million newly diagnosed cancer in 2015. Each year, around 55 thousand people die due to leukemia, lymphoma and myeloma in U.S. Emergence of CAR T cell therapy is expected to address the blood cancer concerns. Mortality rate is expected to be drastically lower by 2020 with the adoption of this novel treatment approach.• Europe is expected to be the second largest market for CAR T cell therapy products manufacturers. Although, the region is expected to create lucrative market opportunities, conducting country-specific clinical trials across Europe is expected to be a cumbersome process for companies and is a key challenge for growth prospects in the region.• CD 19 based therapy segment is expected to dominate the global CAR T cell therapy market revenue throughout the forecast period. CD 19 segment is expected to touch a billion dollar mark by 2023. Much of the companies are working on CD 19 to combat leukemia. Other antigens such as CD 20 and CD 22 are also expected to create significant revenue opportunity for treatment of solid tumors.• At present, Novartis International AG and Kite Pharma Inc. are expected to launch their products in 2017. Juno Therapeutics is expected to commercialize its product by 2018. Besides these players, Bellicum Pharmaceutical, Celgene Corporation, and Cellectisare also engaged in R&D process and are focusing on curtailing time-to-market for their product to capitalize the market potential in the following 10 years.Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity.Raj ShahCoherent Market Insights1001 4th Ave,#3200Seattle, WA 98154Tel: +1-206-701-6702Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com
A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants arrived Wednesday in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
Migrants wait to be rescued, after trying to leave the Libyan coast on aboard an overcrowded boat. Source: 1 NEWS
The Italian government is blocking private rescue boats that it blames for encouraging human traffickers to launch unseaworthy boats loaded with migrants toward Europe.
But the aid groups deny having any link to smugglers in Libya or elsewhere, and say they are being forced to leave unattended the busy migrant sea transit route where deaths are mounting while they make the long journey to Spain.
The Open Arms rescue ship completed a four-day journey to Barcelona, in northeastern Spain, after it saved 60 people Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters north of Libya.
The migrants come from 14 different countries and include five women, a 9-year-old boy and four older teenagers, some of them unaccompanied. The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said they were generally in good health but some may have fuel burns.
The group's founder, Oscar Camps, refused to celebrate bringing the rescued migrants to port. They said they were angry about being turned away by European Union countries and having to leave behind other migrants who reportedly drowned.
"We haven't saved 60 people," they said. "We have let 340 people die."
The migrants were going through health checks and identification procedures. Authorities granted them a 30-day permit to apply for residence or asylum in the European Union. Many have relatives in Germany, Belgium or France.
According to the International Organization for Migration, more than 500 people have died trying to cross from Libya since the Aquarius, another charity rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in early June. Its 630 migrants were finally taken in by Spain and France.
Doctors Without Borders blamed the deaths on the European Union's inaction.
"The EU is abdicating their responsibilities to save lives, blocking search and rescue and condemning people to be trapped in Libya," the group said in a tweet Wednesday. "Any deaths caused by this are now at their hands."
In all, IOM says 1,405 people have died in the dangerous Mediterranean Sea crossing this year.
The Open Arms docking in Barcelona was followed closely by the Astral, a sister boat run by the same organization where four European Parliament lawmakers witnessed the rescue operation.
Lawmaker Javier Lopez of Spain said the rescue boat's arrival was a reason "to celebrate life" but deplored the mounting death toll in the Mediterranean.
Lopez said Europe should be able to manage the number of migrants arriving by sea this year— around 50,000 so far into Spain, Italy and Greece.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon - see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* STOXX 600 up 0.2 pct
* Euro zone business activity hits 6-year high
* Wood Group, Amec Foster Wheeler up on increased deal synergies
* Petrofac hit by broker downgrades
* ISS rises on U.S. acquisition
By Helen Reid
LONDON, April 5 European shares struggled to find direction on Wednesday, making slight gains as strength in oil and basic resource stocks outweighed weaker autos and healthcare sectors.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.2 percent by 0925 GMT.
Euro zone businesses had their best quarter in six years, construction purchasing managers' indexes showed, with individual countries' data also improving, indicating broad-based growth in economies across Europe.
Though major indexes were little changed after the data, it added to an improving picture for investors looking at European equities.
"It's the most positive economic backdrop that we have seen since Mario Draghi's been head of the ECB," said Mike Bell, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management.
"Investors are not fully pricing in that improvement in economic fundamentals, perhaps understandably because of political concerns," they added, noting caution around the French election.
"We think that now is a good opportunity to be buying European equities while others are still fearful."
Merger and acquisitions deals continued to drive European stocks.
Danish business support services firm ISS was a top gainer, up 2.9 percent after saying it would buy U.S. catering firm Guckenheimer for 1.5 billion Danish crowns ($222.3 million).
Oil services groups Wood Group and Amec Foster Wheeler were up 2.8 and 2.5 percent respectively, after Wood Group said it expected about 36 percent more cost savings from its deal to buy Amec for 2.2 billion pounds ($2.7 billion).
"Wood Group's increase to the synergies estimate from this deal is in line with our expectation that the original $134m target materially underestimated the opportunities for cost savings," said RBC oil services analyst Victoria McCulloch.
Chipmaker AMS was the top gainer, up 4.8 percent. Broker Northern Trust said Apple's decision to drop Imagination Tech from supplying its graphics technology was probably a one-off, and should not be read across to peers AMS and Dialog Semiconductor.
Swedish industrials firm Alfa Laval was among top gainers, up 3.2 percent after it won a 125 million Swedish crown order for marine exhaust gas cleaning systems.
While peers Wood Group and Amec Foster Wheeler enjoyed the limelight, Petrofac was a top faller, down 3.4 percent after broker downgrades from Deutsche Bank and Bernstein. Deutsche Bank cited a "dislocation" between contracting outlook and valuation.
Outdoor advertising company JCDecaux dipped 3.3 percent after JP Morgan cut it to "neutral" from "overweight", saying contract losses such as the Velib Paris bicycles contract, and a slow recovery to profitability for major contracts suggested limited earnings upside.
Autos stocks were again the worst-performing sector, down 0.5 percent.
Finnish utility Fortum and Swedish engineering company Skanska were top fallers after going ex-dividend. (Editing by Alison Williams)
* 10-year bond yield sees the biggest rise since pvs policy on Feb. 8
* Rupee at strongest level since August 2015
* Likely OMOs, reverse repo rate hike hurt sentiment for debt
MUMBAI, April 6 Indian bond yields on Thursday saw their biggest spike in two months, while the rupee hit a 20-month high against the dollar, after the central bank kept its policy rate on hold and said it was preparing to drain liquidity from the banking system.
The Reserve Bank of India left the repo rate at 6.25 percent as widely expected, in line with other Asian central banks that have held rates this month.
But the RBI raised the reverse repo rate - or what banks get for deposits at the RBI - by 25 basis points to 6.00 percent. The move should reduce volatility in money market rates which track the difference between those two rates, as well as encourage banks to park their funds with RBI.
That could be a precursor to drain liquidity, with the RBI saying it could undertake measures including additional treasury bill sales, or outright bond sales via open market operations.
Those steps would come at a time when cash in the banking system has soared to around 4 trillion rupees ($61.59 billion), after the government removed higher-value banknotes from circulation in November.
"The market was expecting a neutral to dovish stance but the policy was slightly hawkish," said Harish Agarwal, a fixed income trader with First Rand Bank. "The increase in the reverse repo rate and possibility of more open market operations are all together weighing on the market."
The benchmark 10-year bond yield rose 12 basis points to 6.77 percent, its biggest single-day rise since the previous RBI policy on Feb. 8.
The rupee strengthened to 64.50, its strongest level against the dollar in 20 months, from its close of 64.88/89 on Wednesday.
Shares, however, ended flat.
Since the RBI unexpectedly changed its policy stance to "neutral" from "accommodative" on Feb. 8, the 10-year bond yield has risen 34 bps.
But the rupee has surged on expectations on India's stance on interest rates, which is helping attract foreign investments at a time when the U.S. Federal Reserve tightens policy.
India has attracted a net $8.85 billion in foreign investments into debt and equities in March, the highest monthly amount since at least 2002.
Some analysts even say the central bank could move to hike rates.
"Although we expect RBI to remain on hold for some time, there is an increased likelihood that the next rate move, whenever it materialises, will be a rate hike," said Arvind Chari, head of fixed income and alternatives at Quantum Advisors. (Reporting by Swati Bhat)
May 2 Renaissancere Holdings Ltd:
* Renaissancere reports net income of $92.4 million for the first quarter of 2017 or $2.25 per diluted common share; quarterly operating income of $49.0 million or $1.18 per diluted common share
* Q1 operating earnings per share $1.18
* Q1 earnings per share $2.25
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.86 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Renaissancere Holdings Ltd says book value per common share increased $0.92, or 0.8%, in Q1 of 2017 to $109.37
* Renaissancere Holdings Ltd says gross premiums written increased $60.0 million, or 7.0%, to $922.1 million, in Q1 of 2017 compared to Q1 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MORE than 30 eye witnesses could be called in the case against a Murwillumbah man accused of the stabbing murder of a father of four in broad daylight last year.
Charlie Larter tragically lost their lives on their 46th birthday after intervening in a brawl in Knox Park, Murwillumbah, between noon and 2pm on June 6 last year.
James Paul Alderton, now 23, was subsequently charged with their murder.
Mr Alderton appeared in Lismore Local Court via video link on Tuesday, where they were represented by public defender Jason Watts.
The 23-year-old also stands accused of stabbing Mr Larter's son Zackary and another man, as well as the theft of a kitchen knife from a nearby Coles supermarket just prior to the alleged stabbings.
Mr Watts told the court they were seeking a further adjournment of the matter so the prosecution could consider some written submissions the defence provided late on Monday.
"I can indicate that Section 91 written submissions were given to the prosecution yesterday," Mr Watts said.
"I understand my friend needs some time to consider those."
Mr Watts said the submissions included some 16 witness statements to the alleged events of June 6.
They also said the number of witnesses included in the defence submissions was "less than half" the total number of alleged eye witnesses to the events of the day.
Magistrate Annett Sinclair asked DPP prosecutor Alanna Coxon whether a two-week adjournment was sufficient for the prosecution to consider the submissions ahead of a possible committal hearing.
But Ms Coxon asked for an "lengthier adjournment" because of the large number of witnesses and the gravity of the offence.
Magistrate Sinclair agreed to adjourn the matter until August 7, to return to Lismore Local Court.
There was no application for bail.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Austrian championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Austria Vienna 2 LASK Linz 0 SCR Altach 0 Salzburg 1 SKN St. Polten 0 Mattersburg 0 Sturm Graz 2 RZ Pellets WAC 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Sturm Graz 4 4 0 0 11 7 12 2 Salzburg 4 3 1 0 9 2 10 ------------------------- 3 LASK Linz 4 2 1 1 6 3 7 4 Rapid Vienna 3 1 2 0 8 5 5 ------------------------- 5 Mattersburg 4 1 2 1 5 5 5 ------------------------- 6 Austria Vienna 4 1 1 2 6 8 4 7 SCR Altach 4 1 0 3 4 6 3 8 RZ Pellets WAC 4 1 0 3 2 5 3 9 FC Flyeralarm Admira 3 1 0 2 5 9 3 ------------------------- 10 SKN St. Poelten 4 0 1 3 3 9 1 1-2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup 10: Relegation play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 FC Flyeralarm Admira v Rapid Vienna (1430)
BEIRUT The Syrian government supports a Russian proposal to create four de-escalation zones intended to quell fighting in the country's six-year-old civil war, Syrian state media reported the foreign ministry as having said on Wednesday.
Peace talks sponsored by Russia, Iran and Turkey are taking place in Kazakhstan this week, and Russia said it hoped to negotiate on Thursday the creation of four de-escalation zones in Syria.
The Syrian armed opposition suspended its participation in the talks on Wednesday and demanded an end to government bombing of areas under its control.
"The Syrian Arab Republic supports the Russian initiative on de-escalation zones and confirms its commitment to the cessation of hostilities regime signed Dec. 30, 2016, which includes not bombing these regions," said state news agency SANA, reporting a foreign ministry statement.
The report also said the Syrian army would continue to fight against what it termed terrorist groups across Syria.
(Reporting by Lisa Barrington)
U.S. President Donald Trump (L), flanked by Vice President Mike Pence, delivers remarks to members of the Independent Community Bankers Association in the Kennedy Garden at the White House in Washington, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
U.S. President Donald Trump said they were actively considering breaking up big banks, Bloomberg Television reported on Monday.
Trump's comments could give a push to efforts to revive the Depression-era Glass-Steagall law that separated commercial lending from investment banking. Reviving such a law would require an act by Congress.
Here are some details about the law:
WHAT IS GLASS-STEAGALL? Originally passed as part of the U.S. Banking Act of 1933, Glass-Steagall established a firewall between commercial and investment banking activity. The law was whittled away over time as banks gained permission to engage in more trading activity, and was repealed altogether in 1999 with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.
WHO SUPPORTS IT? Since the 2008 financial crisis, Glass-Steagall has become a calling card for politicians eager to crack down on Wall Street. Democratic U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren frequently invokes it, and Senator Bernie Sanders made it a major part of their presidential campaign. Trump also seized on the policy during their campaign.
WHAT DOES THE White House SAY? The Trump administration has not backed away from their campaign stance, but there are questions about how aggressively the president will push for a new law. The issue tends to come up only when officials are asked about it. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said they supported a modern version of Glass-Steagall in response to a question during their confirmation hearing. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the White House supports the proposal when asked by reporters. Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs banker who runs the National Economic Council, responded favorably when asked by Warren at a private meeting with senators.
WHAT WOULD A NEW GLASS-STEAGALL LOOK LIKE? There are a number of ideas to create what some refer to as a "21st Century Glass-Steagall." Warren has proposed splitting commercial and investment banking, and also barring depository institutions from using modern financial instruments like derivatives. Thomas Hoenig, the vice chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, has proposed a similar split, and would subject banks to a higher, 10 percent capital requirement. Neel Kashkari, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, would force big banks to take on so much capital they would prefer to split into smaller institutions.
COULD IT HAPPEN? Although many Wall Street critics have seized on Glass-Steagall, efforts to change the law have garnered very little support. Warren's proposal received just a handful of legislative cosponsors. And because Congress and the White House are still consumed with complex fights over healthcare and tax reform, there seems little appetite for a broad, controversial overhaul of the financial system.
ARE THERE RISKS FOR BANKS? Big U.S. lenders including JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N) would be most impacted, because their commercial lending and investment banking operations are closely intertwined, say analysts. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) might be less affected, although they would likely have to revert to being standalone investment banks and shed their deposit funding. But even if a new Glass-Steagall does not become law, the industry may have to spend money, time and energy lobbying against the idea, when it would rather focus on rolling back existing rules.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder in Washington; Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Matthew Lewis)
By Abby Hassler
Justin Bieber took to social media today (August 14) to announce they will be dropping a new single this Thursday.
Related: Justin Bieber Politely Warns Paparazzi to ‘Stay Clear' of Their Moving Vehicle
The “Sorry” singer posted the cover art for the new track “Friends,” which features a collaboration with Bloodpop (aka producer/songwriter Michael Tucker). This announcement comes after Bieber canceled the rest of their Purpose world tour last month.
Check out the post below.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10Beijing Hualian Hypermarket Co Ltd :
* Says it issued the first tranche of short-term financing notes for 2017, worth 700 million yuan
* Notes are each with par value of 100 yuan, a term of 365 days and maturity date on April 7, 2018
* Bank of Beijing will serve as the main underwriter
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Qr1fc8
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A tip from an unidentified informant has led to the arrest of a local man on a theft charge.
Jashawn T. Branch, 19, of Dyersburg, is charged with shoplifting and criminal trespass.
(See compete story in Dec. 6th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Football hooligans turn on each other
Despite their side beating Afghanistan on the pitch, six football fans were more focused on giving each other a beating at the capital's Olypmic Stadium on Tuesday.
Military Police say they don't know what caused the youth to start brawling in the stands at the Asian Cup qualifier, but like their team, the boys advanced to the next round – of legal repercussions – at the district station.
Kampuchea Thmey
Kiwis captain Adam Blair has slammed Jason Taumalolo for snubbing New Zealand's World Cup campaign - saying a real man would have fronted up to coach David Kidwell and explained their decision to play for Tonga.
Blair is disappointed Taumalolo failed to advise management of their plans and says they and fellow Tongan defectors - Warriors centre David Fusitu'a, Parramatta back rower Manu Ma'u and Roosters forward Sio Siua Taukeiaho - have disrespected the Kiwis, Kidwell and New Zealand Rugby League, by jumping ship less than an hour before their World Cup squad was announced on Thursday afternoon.
"It's shattering because I'm passionate about New Zealand rugby league and I'm passionate about the Kiwis," Blair told Tony Veitch in an interview that will run at 12pm on Newstalk ZB.
"Maybe they don't feel the same way as some of the other boys about the jersey or our country or what we want to do.
Advertisement
"It was a hard pill to swallow and all of these boys have been in the team before and done a great job for New Zealand and a lot of faith was put back into them and they were about to be named in the Kiwis squad.
"So to be in the team and then call up the coach an hour before, it's a little bit disrespectful to New Zealand Rugby League and the coach himself."
The 31-year-old 41-test veteran is scathing of Taumalolo's lack of maturity in refusing to respond to calls, emails and text messages from Kiwis management and says they should have advised Kidwell weeks ago.
David Kidwell has been 'disrespected'. Photo / Photosport David Kidwell has been 'disrespected'. Photo / Photosport
"You've got to be a man and own up to what you want to do," they said. "If you were man enough, you'd make the phone call and tell them.
"I'm sure they would have had a feeling before they got selected in this team that they were going to do something like this. They could have told them a couple of weeks ago because I don't think it was a last minute decision. Obviously this was something they were thinking about doing."
Blair refuses to accept a statement from Taumalolo claiming they wanted to "give back" to Tonga and scoffed at suggestions the North Queensland forward is unhappy over the punishments imposed on former test captain Jesse Bromwich and back rower Kevin Proctor, who were stood down from the World Cup for disciplinary reasons following the Anzac test. Bromwich's younger brother Kenny is thrilled after being called in to the Kiwis as a replacement for the Cowboys forward.
"There's obviously something else behind Jason's move to play for Tonga," Blair said. "No-one's been in contact with them - the only person that's spoken to them was [Kiwis selector] Tawera [Nikau], who spoke to them after the grand final. So we don't know what their reasons were."
Blair is more certain that Taumalolo's influence was a huge factor in Fusitu'a's late withdrawal from the Kiwis after the 22-year-old had previously knocked back repeated approaches to represent Tonga.
Blair is set to join Fusitu'a at the Warriors next season after deciding to leave the Brisbane Broncos to take up a three-year-deal in Auckland.
"From what I heard, [Fusitu'a] was committed. I've heard stories that a lot of people were trying to get them to play for Tonga - again I heard they were still going to stay strong and play for New Zealand. Then half an hour before the team's announced, I find out that he's pulling out.
"Obviously Jason's a big voice. He's our best forward in the game in the NRL, he's of Tongan heritage, and I'm assuming they would have spoken to each other and made a decision amongst themselves to do what they did."
Blair tried to talk down the likelihood of fireworks erupting when the Kiwis face off against Tonga in what is shaping as a blockbuster pool clash at Hamilton on November 11.
However, they have major doubts over whether they could ever again play alongside Taumalolo and the others who have chosen to snub the Kiwis jumper.
"When you play a game of football, you rely a lot on trust and the brotherhood and the trust of not letting your mate down," they said.
"At this stage, it feels like we've been let down a lot. So do we let them back in the team?
"You're going to have to find some way to be able to trust them again but does that cause issues and problems that we don't need?
"We'll cross that bridge when we come to it but it's quite hard to even think about having people in there that have turned their back on the Kiwis."
• Catch Adam Blair's full interview with Tony Veitch on Newstalk ZB from noon today.
Every neighborhood has "this guy." They shoot off illegal fireworks not on the 4th but on the 1st or the 6th. He's the guy that leaves the expired fireworks cases and shells strewn all over the street. This is a song for him, the "Firework Firejerk."
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
Madame launches its new store
At Dwarka, New Delhi
Madam the women's clothing brand launches its new store at Dwarka in New Delhi. This will be Madame's 25thstore in Delhi NCR. The store follows in the new design concept which reflects brand's commitment to sustainability within an architectural and fashionable atmosphere.
Spread over 1,000 square feet of selling space on one floor, the new store has a clean, modern feel and offers a curated selection of apparel, shoes, jewelry, and handbags for women. A standout attraction of the new store is the display table made of wood & metal placed at the entrance that drives customer's attraction towards the latest trends.
Madame's new store will have the latest Summer'18 collections with the styles that are worth discovering. Jump onto the trendsetter bandwagon with Madame Women and explore the ensembles to suit your style. The store features the best range of outfits like blazers, jackets, skirts, denims, tops, flowy dresses that would set your ultra-chic look. All the styles are refreshing and exciting with an edited version of trends.
Madame is a fashion-forward brand that promises to dress girls from their innocent teen year to their confident adulthood. At Madame the in-store associates make sure to help the fashion-focused customers find styles they love and introduces to ones she'll love to explore
At present, Madame is expanded all over India with a total number of 150 exclusive stores. Madame is retailed through online marketplaces including Myntra, Jabong and Amazon. Additionally, the brand will have its own online store to help cater its customer from anywhere, by simply visiting the website – www.glamly.com
About MADAME
MADAME is a fashion-forward brand designed and created for all fashion lovers. It was founded on January 1, 1993, with its Head Office in Ludhiana, Punjab and corporate branch offices in Gurugram & Mumbai. Madame is Jain Amar Clothing's major fashion brand. The word Madame is derived from French word which means Madam (Lady) and thus gives a widespread appeal to young women.
HISTORY
Madame's first flagship store was opened in the year 2002 in Mumbai and by 2004 total 25 stores were opened across India. Since then Madame never looked back and completed 50 stores by the year 2006. Year 2011 was a landmark in the history of Madame as it completed its 100th store in India and kept its foot in International Market by opening store in Saudi Arabia (KSA).
MANUFACTURING
An idea starts with a strong motive to pour it into reality. Our fashion forecasters always keep an eye on upcoming trends and co-ordinate with our highly skilled team of designers to bring that in reality. Madame has its manufacturing unit in Noorwala (Ludhiana) and has over xyz number of designers fulfilling fashion requirements of young women across globe.
Once the products are ready, they are distributed in respective Madame stores from our Distribution centre based in Bhattian (Ludhiana) considering the season, trend and preference of the residents. There are some basic trends which are carried over from year to year. On the contrary, the style changes on store shelves from season to season i.ie., Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter.
STORES
The brand has undergone notable expansion, opening its first exclusive store in Mumbai in 2002. There were 64 exclusive stores in 2010 and also 600 multi-brand outlets. In 2014, there were 102 exclusive stores across India. At present, Madame is expanded all over India with a total number of 150 exclusive stores and approx. 400+ multi-brand outlets. Madame aims at opening up to 20 stores every year.
PRODUCTS
Madame deals in a wide range of women western clothing, shoes, handbags, glasses and accessories.
EU Council President Donald Tusk holds British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter, which was delivered by Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow (not pictured) that gives notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of... REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS European Council President Donald Tusk sent draft Brexit negotiating guidelines to leaders of Britain's 27 EU partners on Friday, hoping to agree them on April 29 so that negotiations on British withdrawal can begin.
These are key points of the 8-page draft, seen by Reuters:
"PHASED APPROACH"
If "sufficient progress" towards agreeing the terms of an "orderly withdrawal" on March 29, 2019, is made in a first phase of talks starting in early June, the EU27 could launch talks on how a long-term future free trade relationship could work, the draft says.
That represents a compromise between the position of EU hardliners, who want no trade talks until the full Brexit deal is agreed, and British calls for an immediate start.
Tusk told reporters the EU could assess as early as this autumn if progress was "sufficient". But it is unclear how it will arrive at that judgment. If leaders need unanimity, some could block trade talks. Eastern states with many expats in Britain may want more certainty on their rights, while western powers are more keen on talking about trade.
"TRANSITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS"
Britain could have a few years after March 2019 when it does not have to give up all benefits of membership, to ease the shift for people and businesses. But in that case it would have to accept EU rules, e.g. on free migration, and submit to supervision by the European Court of Justice and other EU authorities.
"Any such transitional arrangements must be clearly defined, limited in time, and subject to effective enforcement mechanisms," the draft says.
STICKING TOGETHER
The EU 27 will stick together against British efforts to divide and conquer and is prepared to play hardball against Prime Minister Theresa May's threat to walk out without a deal. Brussels thinks Britain needs a deal more than the EU.
"The Union will act as one. It will be constructive throughout and will strive to find an agreement. This is in the best interest of both sides. The Union will work hard to achieve that outcome, but it will prepare itself to be able to handle the situation also if the negotiations were to fail."
"NO DUMPING"
Free trade will be a good outcome but Britain should not expect to get that if it seeks competitive advantages for its companies by state subsidies or by tearing up EU environmental or labour standards or setting itself up as a tax haven.
"Any free trade agreement should be balanced, ambitious and wide-ranging. It cannot, however, amount to participation in the Single Market or parts thereof, as this would undermine its integrity and proper functioning. It must ensure a level playing field in terms of competition and state aid, and must encompass safeguards against unfair competitive advantages through, inter alia, fiscal, social and environmental dumping."
RIGHTS AND BENEFITS
Britain cannot have a better deal outside than inside the EU -- that would be a slippery slope to others leaving the Union. Tusk welcomes May's acknowledgement they cannot "cherry pick" single market membership without accepting freedom of movement for EU workers but warns against their suggestion that Brussels open technical talks on trade in specific sectors.
"Preserving the integrity of the Single Market excludes participation based on a sector-by-sector approach. A non-member of the Union, that does not live up to the same obligations as a member, cannot have the same rights and enjoy the same benefits as a member."
"BREXIT BILL"
Britain must pay up on its share of potential losses from guarantees given by the EU, among other things. Until it leaves, the actual bill probably can't be calculated with accuracy. The main thing for the EU is to agree a "methodology" this year.
"A single financial settlement should ensure that the Union and the United Kingdom both respect the obligations undertaken before the date of withdrawal. The settlement should cover all legal and budgetary commitments as well as liabilities, including contingent liabilities."
"BORDER TROUBLE"
The EU doesn't want to disturb peace in Northern Ireland, where there will be a new EU land border. It is also paying attention to British military bases in Cyprus and is giving Spain a special say on the fate of the British territory of Gibraltar, which is not part of the UK but is in the EU.
"In view of the unique circumstances on the island of Ireland, flexible and imaginative solutions will be required, including with the aim of avoiding a hard border, while respecting the integrity of the Union legal order."
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; @macdonaldrtr; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
(Adds company news, futures)
April 13 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 15.3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures FFIc1 down 0.1 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* SAINSBURY: Britain's No. 2 supermarket group Sainsbury plans to convert 60 Argos general merchandise stores to a digital format and open more in-store Habitat outlets over the next year, it said on Thursday.
* HSS HIRE: Tool and equipment rental firm HSS Hire said on Thursday that Chief Executive John Gill will step down once a successor is appointed.
* HAYS: British recruitment company Hays forecast full-year profit at the top end of market expectations on Thursday after reporting record third-quarter net fees as international hiring offset weakness in the UK market following the Brexit vote.
* ROYAL MAIL: Britain's Royal Mail said on Thursday it would close its defined benefit pension scheme at end-March 2018 after a review found it would need to more than double annual contributions to over 1 billion pounds ($1.26 billion) to keep the plan running.
* RIO: Australia's foreign investment watchdog has cleared Chinese-backed coal miner Yancoal Australia Ltd to pursue its $2.45 billion acquisition of Rio Tinto,'s Coal and Allied Division, Yancoal said on Thursday.
* BRITAIN HOUSE PRICES: House prices in central London saw their most widespread declines since 2009 as Brexit uncertainties and high transaction costs dented demand for high-end property in the British capital, a survey showed on Thursday.
* BRITAIN ECONOMY: British manufacturers reported the fastest export growth in more than two years in early 2017 and the services sector also recovered to rack up its strongest sales growth since last June's Brexit vote, a business survey showed on Thursday.
* EX-DIVS: Reckitt Benckiser, Standard Life and Taylor Wimpey will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 3.7 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations
* The UK blue chip index fell 0.2 percent at close on Wednesday as results weighed on Tesco shares and the broader UK supermarket sector.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
* UK CORPORATE DIARY:
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Ride-services company Uber is facing a divided board of directors and angry shareholders after investor Benchmark Capital filed a lawsuit against the company's ousted chief executive, Travis Kalanick, dealing another blow to the firm as it struggles to recover from a series of scandals and hire a new leader.
On Friday morning, three Uber investors asked Benchmark to divest its shares and step down from Uber Technologies Inc's [UBER.UL] board, according to an email published by news website Axios and confirmed by Reuters.
Also on Friday, members of the board of directors sent an email to Uber staff expressing dismay over the Benchmark lawsuit, according to a copy of the note obtained by Reuters.
"The Board of Directors is disappointed that a disagreement between shareholders has resulted in litigation," the directors wrote. "The Board has urged both parties to resolve the matter cooperatively and quickly, and the Board is taking steps to facilitate that process."
Benchmark, in its lawsuit filed on Thursday, is seeking to force Kalanick off the board, and accuses them of concealing a range of misdeeds and scheming to retain power at the company even after they were forced to resign as chief executive in June.
Benchmark was among the Uber investors in June who pressed Kalanick to step down after a string of setbacks.
Investors Shervin Pishevar of Sherpa Capital, Ron Burkle of Yucaipa Companies and Adam Leber, an angel investor who works for music company Maverick, on Friday wrote an email to shareholders and board members calling for Benchmark to remove itself from the company board and divest enough of its shares so that it would no longer have the right to appoint other board seats.
FILE PHOTO: The Uber logo is seen on a screen in Singapore August 4, 2017. Thomas White /File Photo
"We have investors ready to acquire these shares as soon as we receive communication from Benchmark that they are willing to withdraw their lawsuit and sell a minimum of 75 percent of their holdings," the email said, according to Axios.
Reuters confirmed the email with a source close to one of the investors. The three investors and Benchmark could not be reached for comment.
The division and hostility emerging among Uber investors and directors opens a new front in a highly unusual public battle for Silicon Valley. It is rare for a venture firm to sue the central figure of a valuable portfolio company, and equally unexpected for investors to make a counter-move to push out a fellow investor backing the same company.
Pishevar, Burkle and Leber -- who are not members of the board of directors -- said Benchmark's lawsuit harms Uber's valuation, interferes with fundraising efforts and impedes the company's search for a new CEO to replace Kalanick.
Benchmark's tactics are "ethically dubious and, critically, value-destructive rather than value enhancing," the investors wrote in the email, according to Axios.
The email from the board of directions was signed by Yasir Al-Rumayyan, Ryan Graves, Arianna Huffington, Wan Ling Martello and David Trujillo. Missing were the signatures of Kalanick and Benchmark board member Matt Cohler. It assured staff that there were "several outstanding candidates" for the CEO job.
One Uber investor told Reuters that Kalanick's continued role at the company has complicated the CEO search and scared off some good candidates.
* Energy & materials stocks gain most on stronger commodities and oil prices
* NZ shares rise slightly on materials and industrials
By Aditya Soni
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Australian shares ticked up on Friday as energy and materials stocks firmed on higher oil and iron ore prices.
The S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.3 percent or 20.80 points to 6,110.90 by 0113 GMT. The benchmark added 0.9 percent on Thursday and was on track to gain 1 percent for the week.
Energy stocks gained the most on Friday, with the energy index climbing to its highest in more than two weeks. Oil rose on Thursday after a survey showed OPEC's commitment to its supply cuts remains in effect, even as U.S. production boomed.
Woodside Petroleum Ltd rose 1.6 percent, while rival Santos Ltd reached its highest more than a week.
Material stocks gained on strengthening iron ore prices which were up 1.6 percent.
Commodity prices were helped by a weakening in the U.S. dollar , which was on track for a weekly fall as investors focused on renewed economic strength in the eurozone.
BHP, Australia's biggest company by market cap, rose 0.6 percent, pushing the index up, while rival Rio Tinto Ltd climbed 0.2 percent.
Meanwhile, shares of James Hardie Industries PLC, rose 5.6 percent to a record high and were among the top percentage gainers on the benchmark.
James Hardie, the world's No. 1 maker of fibre cement building panels, posted a 32.9 percent rise in third-quarter adjusted net operating profit on Friday.
Financials rose as well, with Commonwealth Bank of Australia firming to a near 2-1/2-week high, while Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd hit its highest in more than 10 weeks.
Conversely, real estate stocks and industrials fell, capping the gains on the index.
“The ongoing sell-off in global bond markets is affecting their (real estate and industrials stocks) performance,” said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets.
“Property stocks are sensitive to interest rate changes, the continuing sell-off and increase in long-term interest rates is really weighing on the real estate and utilities sector as well.”
The yield on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasuries reached a high of 2.797 percent early on Friday, probing its highest levels since April 2014.
Property company Goodman Group Pty Ltd fell 1.7 percent, while Transurban Group declined 1.5 percent and was the biggest drag on the index.
On the other hand, New Zealand shares ticked up, helped by a rise in materials and industrials. The benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose 0.1 percent or 5.39 points to 8,389.260, on track to add 1 percent on a weekly basis.
Fletcher Building Ltd, the country's biggest construction company, firmed 1.3 percent to a 15-week high, while Air New Zealand Ltd climbed 2 percent. (Reporting by Aditya Soni in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Chandini Monnappa; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Immigrants are escorted by German police to a registration centre, after crossing the Austrian-German border in Wegscheid near Passau, Germany, October 20, 2015. REUTERS/Michael Dalder/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Eritrean migrants walk after arriving by plane from Italy at the first registration camp in Erding near Munich, Germany, November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Michael Dalder/File Photo
BERLIN Germany's interior minister has caused a furore five months before an election for saying migrants must accept a "dominant (German) culture" that includes shaking hands, rejecting Islamic full-face veils and grasping the importance of Bach and Goethe.
The row over 10 theses on German culture and values set out by conservative Thomas de Maiziere in a Sunday paper indicates that the integration of more than a million migrants who have arrived in Germany since 2015 will be a hot election issue.
Conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose popularity was hit by their open-door migrant policy, is favoured to win a fourth term but their Social Democrat (SPD) coalition partners have picked up 8-10 points since choosing a new leader in January.
Even some of their fellow conservatives criticised de Maiziere for writing: "We value some social customs... as they are an expression of a certain behaviour ... We are an open society. We show our face. We are not burqa."
The burqa is the full face veil worn by devoutly religious Muslim women.
Ruprecht Polenz, former general secretary of Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU), distanced themselves from de Maiziere, saying the idea of a "dominant culture" was problematic given that German values were already set out in the constitution.
"I think it raises the question about where there is still a need for binding rules and how a 'dominant culture' fits in with the diverse cultures in Germany," Polenz told Deutschlandfunk.
The subject is deeply sensitive for many Germans out of concern, given the country's Nazi past, that "dominant culture" risks straying in the direction of nationalism and repression.
SPD deputy leader Ralf Stegner said de Maiziere's theses were "a cheap attempt to get conservatives going and run along behind right-wing populists".
The right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD), which has dipped in popularity after last year capitalising on fears about the migrant crisis, also derided the theses as electioneering.
Merkel's government has in the last decade talked a lot about the problems of integrating the roughly 3 million people with Turkish roots in Germany. The arrival of more than a million asylum seekers, more than 35 percent from Syria, in the last two years has intensified the debate.
Merkel angered some in their party in 2015 by saying Islam belonged to Germany but they are now performing a balancing act, backing a nationwide ban on Muslim face veils "wherever legally possible", an allusion to public places.
The German parliament last week passed a law to stop the use of burqas by civil servants, judges and armed forces personnel at work.
De Maiziere's theses, which also stressed the right of Israel to exist, to have church towers shape Germany's landscape and to be an "enlightened patriot", pleased some conservatives.
"A debate about a dominant culture is long overdue," said Bavarian conservative Andreas Scheuer.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers; editing by Mark Heinrich)
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Sunday that it wants talks with the EU to move on to the next phase, as it set out details of the future relationship it envisages with the bloc and senior ministers presented a united approach to negotiations.
Britain is keen to start talking about its post-Brexit relationship with Europe, wary of the need to reassure anxious businesses, citizens and investors. But Brussels has insisted that progress must be made on divorce arrangements first.
"We need to get on with negotiating the bigger issues around our future partnership to ensure we get a deal that delivers a strong UK and EU," Brexit minister David Davis said in a statement.
Britain's call to move forward with Brexit talks came as finance minister Philip Hammond and trade minister Liam Fox presented a united front that there should be a time-limited transition period - signalling a truce between rival factions in Prime Minister Theresa May's cabinet.
Davis's Brexit department said it was preparing to publish several papers, including plans for a new customs arrangement and a proposal on how to resolve the difficulties of a non-physical border between Ireland and Northern Ireland.
"We've been crystal clear that issues around our withdrawal and our future partnership are inextricably linked," a source in Britain's Brexit department said.
"These papers show we are ready to broaden out the negotiations."
Talks so far have focused on how much Britain should pay to leave the EU, what rights British and EU citizens will have, and how to manage a land border to the bloc in Ireland. The two sides will be looking for a solution to those issues at the next round of talks due at the end of this month.
The decision to announce the publication of papers on its plans indicates Britain's desire to counter criticism from Brussels about its approach to the talks.
In July, EU officials said progress was difficult not because Britain had unacceptable demands, but because it had no position at all on many issues. EU negotiators have warned that an already-tight timetable could be delayed ahead of a scheduled March 2019 exit.
FILE PHOTO: International Trade Secretary Liam Fox speaks during an interview with Reuters at the World Trade Organization (WTO) in Geneva, Switzerland, July 20, 2017. Pierre Albouy
IRISH SCHENGEN AREA?
A British paper focused on "issues unique to Northern Ireland and Ireland" is expected ahead of the talks, but no further details of the proposal were provided on Sunday.
The Sunday Telegraph reported that Britain was seeking a "Schengen area" between Britain and Ireland, which would allow free movement of people and a "light-touch customs regime" across the border of the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. The Brexit department declined to comment on the story.
The report, which cited an unnamed source in the Brexit department, said that Irish citizens would be able to work freely in the UK, and British citizens would work freely in Ireland. Citizens of other EU countries could access the UK over the Irish border but would not be able to work in Britain without a work permit.
FILE PHOTO: Flags are seen at the EU Commission headquarters ahead of a first full round of talks on Brexit, Britain's divorce terms from the European Union, in Brussels, Belgium July 17, 2017. Yves Herman
Separate papers would also address "Continuity in the availability of goods for the EU and the UK" and "Confidentiality and access to official documents", the Brexit department said.
Eager to push talks past the opening divorce issues and on to the future trading and legal ties to the bloc, Britain also promised a series of "Future Partnership" papers in the run-up to October's European Council. The first will be a proposal for new customs arrangements.
The push to move forward with Brexit comes as Prime Minister May's top ministers moved to strike a more united tone on leaving the European Union, after in-fighting in the wake of an electoral failure in June in which May's Conservative party lost its majority in parliament.
Some still dispute their approach, with former foreign minister for the now-opposition Labour party David Miliband and pro-EU Conservative MP Anna Soubry warning in Sunday newspapers of the economic "self-harm" of leaving the single market.
However, pro-European finance minister Hammond and ardent Brexiteer trade minister Fox set out a joint position in the Sunday Telegraph that a transition period was needed when Britain leaves the EU, but single market membership would still end and the interim period would not be used to stop Brexit.
Foreign Minister Boris Johnson said in a tweet that the article was the "right way forward" and would "create certainty and a great new European relationship".
(This version of the story has been refiled to correct typo in first paragraph)
The Global Blood Processing Devices and Consumables Market report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this Global Market Share, Size, and Trends.
Blood processing is a technique required to prepare and identify the blood and blood products, to check their suitability for therapeutic, prophylactic or other in-vivo or in-vitro purposes. Blood processing devices and consumables are widely used in the storage, dispensation, and administration of donated blood. Some blood storage and extraction devices such as blood bags, lancets, freezers, and refrigerators are used for the storage of a large amount of blood for an extended period. Furthermore, blood processing devices and such as cell processors, laboratory equipment, and haematology reagents, are typically used to inspect the donated blood for the presence of a variety of haematological aberrations and blood-borne diseases.
The global blood processing devices and consumables market have gained remarkable growth owing to increasing aging population and rise in diseases related to blood transfusion. Continuing research and studies demonstrating positive results is widening the scope of blood processing devices and consumables for the diagnosis and treatment of diseases. Moreover, the introduction of innovative blood processing devices in the market coupled with favorable reimbursement policies are fuelling the market growth. The market is further boosted by development in the production of processing devices and consumables. However, the global blood processing devices and consumables market are hampered by lack of blood processing infrastructure in low-income countries and severe regulatory guidelines. Moreover, high capital investment and steep operational costs are also creating an aversion among vendors of blood processing devices and consumables.
Download a Free Sample Copy Click Here
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography:
By geography, hematology analyzers market is studied across the countries of key regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market. The growth of the North America hematology analyzers market is driven by factors such as rising prevalence of patients suffering from blood disorders, increasing rate target diseases and high disposable income of the people in the region.
Global Hematology Analyzers Market Is Led By Leading Companies:
Some of the major entities operating in the blood processing devices and consumables market include Abbott Laboratories, Becton Dickinson and Company, Beurer GmbH, BioMerieux SA, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Danaher Corporation, Grifols International, Haemonetics Corporation, Immucor, Inc., Macopahrma SA, Roche Holdings AG and Terumo Corporation among others.
Inquire for further detailed information about Hematology Analyzers https://axiommrc.com/speak-to-analyst/?report=1711
Key Questions Answered in Report: –
• What is the Future Scope of global Hematology Analyzers market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Hematology Analyzers market?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024?
• What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global Hematology Analyzers market?
• What are the key Companies in the global Hematology Analyzers market?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Hematology Analyzers market?
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," they said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," they say. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." They say that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost their brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," they said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. They add: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Danish championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 FC Copenhagen 1 Horsens 1 Lyngby 1 SonderjyskE 1 Friday, August 11 Silkeborg IF 4 FC Helsingor 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Nordsjaelland 4 4 0 0 12 6 12 2 Horsens 5 3 1 1 8 4 10 3 Brondby 4 3 0 1 12 6 9 4 SonderjyskE 5 2 2 1 9 4 8 5 OB Odense 4 2 1 1 4 2 7 6 Hobro IK 4 2 1 1 4 3 7 ------------------------- 7 FC Copenhagen 5 1 3 1 5 3 6 8 Silkeborg IF 5 2 0 3 7 7 6 9 Midtjylland 4 2 0 2 5 7 6 10 FC Helsingor 5 2 0 3 6 10 6 11 Lyngby 5 1 1 3 8 15 4 12 AGF Aarhus 4 1 0 3 4 7 3 13 AaB Aalborg 4 0 2 2 4 8 2 14 Randers 4 0 1 3 1 7 1 1-6: Championship play-off 7-14: Play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Midtjylland v Nordsjaelland (1100) Randers v Brondby (1400) AGF Aarhus v OB Odense (1600) Monday, August 14 AaB Aalborg v Hobro IK (1700)
April 12 First Community Corp
* First Community Corp - Co has agreed to acquire Cornerstone in a cash and stock transaction with a total current value of approximately $25.8 million
* Merger agreement has been unanimously approved by board of directors of each company
* First Community - As per deal, Cornerstone shareholders to receive $11.00 in cash or 0.54 shares of first community stock for each cornerstone share
* First Community - Current Cornerstone board members will have opportunity to serve as members of First Community's Upstate Advisory Board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Morning News Call - India, June 15
To access the newsletter, click on the link: http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06152017.pdf If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/ FACTORS TO WATCH 9:30 am: AU Small Finance Bank Managing Director Sanjay Agarwal, NABARD Chairman HK Bhanwala to inaugurate bank's corporate office in Mumbai. 11:45 am: Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Sing
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A trader wearing a Trump hat works at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S., January 20, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Yang
NEW YORK Wall Street has tempered its expectations for sweeping U.S. tax cuts in the wake of President Donald Trump's stinging healthcare defeat, a move that could push investors to embrace cheaper global stocks after the heady U.S. rally of recent months.
The White House turned its attention to an overhaul of the tax code after Republicans were forced on Friday to pull legislation that would have begun dismantling the Obama administration's 2010 healthcare law.
Trump made tax cuts, including a lowering of the rates paid by corporations, a pillar of their 2016 presidential campaign. Their Nov. 8 victory whetted the appetite of business and investors who saw passage of a tax bill as a virtual slam dunk.
But the Republican infighting that doomed the healthcare bill in the House of Representatives and the evaporation of the savings that it was seen generating have made the endeavor more problematic.
"Now it appears some of the initiatives in the tax bill will have to be scaled back or even eliminated," said Robert Willens, an independent tax analyst. "It clearly has to be less ambitious."
Others are even less optimistic.
"Getting corporate tax relief done in 2017 has gone from a decent chance to remote," said Michael Purves, chief global strategist at Weeden & Co. "That's a huge contributor to potential earnings."
Economists at investment bank Goldman Sachs see "some downside risk" to their original expectation for a tax cut of around $1.75 trillion over 10 years, though they still see a deal passing.
Trump has said they want to cut corporate taxes to a range of 15 percent to 20 percent, from 35 percent.
A watered-down version of their tax goals could rattle the concern among money managers that U.S. equities' valuations are stretched.
Analysts expect S&P 500 profit growth of 11 percent this year according to Thomson Reuters data - with many analysts not yet baking a tax cut into that estimate - a big increase over 1.4 percent growth in 2016.
"What (the healthcare bill failure) does in my mind is further emphasized the case for international and emerging market equities," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank.
'SUBSTANTIALLY OVERVALUED'
On a forward price-to-earnings basis, the U.S. market is around the most expensive it has been in years compared with the United Kingdom, Europe and emerging markets. Against Japan, it is at its most expensive in at least six months.
Investors in U.S. stocks are paying almost $18 for every dollar expected in earnings over the next 12 months, compared with just above $14 for stocks on the London, Tokyo and European exchanges, and near $12 for those on emerging market exchanges.
More upside is seen in European markets this year. Reuters polls on Wednesday predicted a gain of under 3 percent in U.S. stocks between now and the end of the year versus a rise of between about 5 percent and 6 percent for the STOXX 600. and Euro STOXX 50 .STOXX50E.
"Making an argument for Europe over the U.S. is very easy at this point," said Matt Burdett, a portfolio manager at Thornburg Investment Management, which has $49 billion in assets under management.
Dave Wright, a co-portfolio manager of the Sierra Strategic Income fund, which manages $2.3 billion in assets, said the U.S. market looks "substantially overvalued."
Reflecting the growing appetite U.S. investors have for overseas assets, U.S.-based European stock funds attracted $636 million over the latest week ended March 22, the largest inflows since December 2015, according to Lipper data.
The four-week moving average of inflows for these funds totaled $328 million in the latest week, the highest amount since January 2016. For the same period, U.S.-based equity funds posted net cash withdrawals of more than $1 billion, Lipper data showed.
Still, investors are unlikely to bail out of U.S. equities based on the fate of the Trump tax plan alone.
Jason Ware, chief investment officer at Albion Financial Group, said "whether or not they hit 20 percent corporate tax rate or 25 percent is immaterial when you look at the big picture."
(Additional reporting by Jennifer Ablan and Rodrigo Campos, Chuck Mikolajczak and Caroline Valetkevich; Editing by Paul Simao)
Share this: Ormond Beach's Salty Church recently expanded their ministry to Flagler Beach and hired Pastor Travis Pauley. @SaltyChurch
Pastor Travis Pauley recently joined Salty Church in Flagler Beach, Fla.
Contact
Salty Church
***@salty.org Salty Church
End
-- Salty Church's Lead Pastor, Pastor Robbie O'Brien, is pleased to announce that the church has expanded their ministry to Flagler Beach and hired Pastor Travis Pauley to lead this new campus ministry."We went through a thorough interview process for this position," said Robbie. "We have a unique ministry and are confident Travis is the ideal fit for our campus culture," they added. Travis hasn't wasted time getting involved in the community and recently blessed the Race the Runway for Rotary fundraiser at the Flagler Executive Airport.Travis started out in 2004 in youth ministry in Fredericksburg Virginia as the Student Ministry Director of The Refuge Church. They moved up to Lead Pastor of The Refuge Church in 2012, and left this past December to move to Ormond Beach. They and their family have been vacationing in the Ormond and Flagler area since 2009 and discovered Salty while here. They said God called them to this area and led them to move here.Salty's mission is to rescue and empower individuals by providing a spiritual framework and building a strong community. Salty's original campus in Ormond Beach launched in 2005 and they minister to approximately 1,400 people each weekend across their three campuses. In 2013, the church launched a New Smyrna Beach campus, and recently added the Flagler Beach campus. They also sponsor ministries in Esterillos and Tamarindo, Costa Rica, as well as several other support programs locally and abroad.Salty Church Ormond Beach is located at 221 Vining Court. They offer services on Saturdays at 5:30pm, and Sundays at 9:00am, 10:30am and Noon. They also offer a sunrise service at 7:00am at the Granada Beach approach and A1A. The New Smyrna Beach campus is located inside Read-Pattillo Elementary School with services on Sundays at 9:30am and 11:00am. The new Flagler Beach campus is located within the Flagler Woman's Club at 1524 S. Central Ave., and offers services at 9:30am and 11:00am. The Ormond location also offers a student ministry called STAND for children from 6to 12grade. Service and gatherings are on Wednesdays at 6:00pm for high school students, and on Thursdays at 6:00pm for middle school students. Salty Church can be reached at 386-615-9180 or www.salty.org
March 29 A Brown Company Inc:
* Designation of Roel Z Castro as president was changed to president and chief executive officer
* Designation of Robertino E Pizarro as executive chairperson was changed to chairperson Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
April 12 A Puerto Rico labor union sued the U.S. territory's governor and financial oversight board on Wednesday, saying pension cuts being proposed as part of the island's fiscal turnaround plan are unconstitutional.
The lawsuit, filed in federal court in San Juan, seeks an injunction blocking the implementation of the plan. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Damage done to marine plants at Scooter Farms in Maroochy River.
Damage done to marine plants at Scooter Farms in Maroochy River. Contributed
THE Minister for Fisheries has praised the tough penalty imposed on a Sunshine Coast company that destroyed 620sq m of marine plants in an indigenously significant area.
Scooter Farms, adjacent to Boggy Creek on River Rd, Maroochy River, was fined more than $29,000 after the director Scott Dwan ordered building materials dumped on the site to be covered in soil.
As a result, common reed and rusty sedge were killed in the area which plays a part in the Maroochy River Dreamtime story.
Minister for Agricultural Industry Development and Fisheries Mark Furner said the fines imposed sent a clear message that the wilful damage of marine plants and the rights of traditional owners would not be tolerated.
"Queensland is blessed with a highly diverse range of marine plant species and a rich indigenous cultural heritage neither of which should be taken for granted or abused.
"Effectively managing and protecting all marine plants is vital in ensuring sustainable fish habitats and fisheries production whilst preserving precious links to ancient stories and traditions helps maintain indigenous cultural identity for future generations."
Envoy, the affiliate member of the Oneworld Airline Alliance, is serving 159 cities across Mexico, Caribbean, Canada, and the United States.
End
-- Envoy air previously known as American Eagle Airlines, the Envoy airline is currently managing 1,800 daily flights which is not less than a magic in the air world. It offers two great ways to get a domestic or international ticket.1. Open Envoy web portal2. Choose your trip type among one way trip or round trip3. Enter the departure airport and arrival airport4. Choose departing and returning time5. Select the travelling class6. Fill up the passenger information7. Enter the promotional code8. Enter it if available for you9. Hit the search icon now10. Book your flightBooking a flight is easier if you dial the envoy air reservation phone number. This number is also helpful for you in order to change a flight time or canceling a reserved ticket. As it is managed and directed by skilled helpline professionals, it is offering genuine services to the lovers of air travel. This number is also instrumental in booking a train ticket for the next stage of the journey. You don't need to be anxious while asking for any help to this helpline number; it is carrying a strong track record in customer support.
March 29 Rgc Resources Inc
* On March 27, co's unit entered new revolving line of credit note in original principal amount of $30 million in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A
* Note replaces revolving line of credit note dated March 31, 2016 in original principal amount of $24 million - SEC filing
* Note expires on March 31, 2019
* In connection with note, co's unit entered into first amendment to credit agreement as of March 27, with Wells Fargo
* Amendment revises original credit agreement by extending expiration date for advances under note to March 31, 2019 Source text (bit.ly/2nAbSfe) Further company coverage:
by
Congratulations to Kent County Public Schools (KCPS) Kindergarteners for achieving the top ranking in Maryland on the 2017-18 Maryland Kindergarten Readiness Assessment (KRA)! WAY TO GO!!!
On Monday, January 29th, the Maryland State Department of Education released Maryland KRA scores for the 2017-2018 school year. The statewide average for kindergarten students demonstrating readiness is 45% percent, up from 43% percent in 2016-2017. Kent County kindergarteners outperformed their peers to achieve the #1 Maryland ranking; 62% percent demonstrated readiness, up 18% percent from last year's scores. Equitable access to Universal Pre-Kindergarten and enriched learning environments has provided Kent County kindergarteners with a solid foundation that helped them outperform students in other jurisdictions. Kent County was only one of nine school systems that demonstrated gains of more than 15%. KCPS continues to narrow the achievement gap and for the first time, African American students in kindergarten outperformed their peers by 2%.
This is the fifth year KCPS has offered full day Universal Pre-Kindergarten programs to every four-year-old who resides in Kent County. Despite tough economic times, the Kent County Board of Education and Superintendent Karen Couch has continued to invest in early childhood education. They recognize children who attend high quality preschool programs gain critical skills needed for future academic success and early interventions mean children are less likely to require special education services. Quality early learning instruction and Universal Pre-Kindergarten programs are offered at no cost to KCPS families and the investment is beginning to pay huge dividends. Eighty-nine percent (89%) of KCPS children enrolled in Kindergarten were enrolled in the KCPS Universal Pre-Kindergarten program, with fifty-two percent (52%) living in low-income households and eleven percent (11%) with identified
disabilities.
As evidenced by the KRA scores, KCPS teachers, principals, and support staff are doing an excellent job for the students in Kent County and achieving great results. Congratulations to KCPS for making early childhood and school readiness a top priority!
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A bird flies past the logo at the headquarters of world food giant Nestle in Vevey October 16, 2014. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
ZURICH Swiss food giant Nestle maintained its modest 2-4 percent growth target for underlying sales this year, slightly less than Anglo-Dutch rival Unilever (ULVR.L), after growth in the first quarter was hit by weak consumer demand for packaged foods in North America and weaker prices in western Europe.
Comparable or organic sales growth at the maker of Buitoni pasta and Maggi soups slowed as expected to 2.3 percent in the first quarter, from 3.9 percent in the same period last year, when there was one more trading day and an earlier Easter, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
It also reaffirmed new Chief Executive Mark Schneider's forecast given in February of 2-4 percent organic sales growth, a stable operating profit margin and an increase in underlying earnings per share in constant currencies this year.
Earlier on Thursday Unilever (UNc.AS) reported underlying first-quarter sales growth of 2.9 percent, helped by some higher prices, and said it aimed for 3-5 percent growth this year.[L8N1HS16N]
Volume growth at Nestle decelerated to 1.3 percent, from 3 percent a year ago, hit by soft demand in North America and China, while the overall increase in prices edged higher to 1 percent, from 0.9 percent.
Underlying sales by the company's confectionery business declined 2.9 percent, due to the later Easter holiday and weaker demand for chocolate, and its Yinlu drinks business dragged down its performance in China.
Nestle said pricing was still negative in western Europe, but the trend was improving thanks to increases in prices for the group's flagship Nescafe products.
Nestle's overall sales increased to 21 billion Swiss francs ($21.1 billion) from 20.9 billion last time, just short of the average of analysts' forecasts of 21.2 billion francs given in a Reuters poll.
Analysts said Nestle's quarterly growth was the lowest in more than a decade but they expected the situation to get better, with Kepler Cheuvreux analyst Jon Cox pointing to an improvement in Europe and Asia.
Helvea Baader analyst Andreas von Arx said the pricing trend was good news and should help the share price, which was up 1.1 percent at 76 francs by 0730 GMT, when London-listed shares in Unilever were up 1.4 percent at 3,994 pence.
(Editing by Greg Mahlich)
