If there's one thing you should always remember about science, it's that fact and truth are established after multiple studies converge on an answer. Even after that, further research might turn over what you thought was true of the other studies, because you were looking at it through too narrow of a lens. Single papers offer evidence, but rarely do they offer firm truths.
From: Paul Morley, Ribblesdale Estate, Long Preston.
IF crime commissioner Julia Mulligan had been a resounding success at improving North Yorkshire Police, then perhaps they should be given a chance to do the same with the Fire Service.
Unfortunately this is not the case, they may have saved fortunes on the police budget (the reason the role was created methinks), but as to improving policing and more importantly enhancing the safety and security of the residents of North Yorkshire, they appear to have been an abject failure.
With the closure of various custody suites around the county and officers having to travel many miles to queue to book their prisoners in, vast swathes of the county are being left with no police cover for considerable amounts of time.
There may be the odd Police Community Support Officer left in charge, but although they are excellent people and do a good job, they are not warranted officers and have no more authority to make an arrest than you or me. Should they have to face the embarrassment of watching crimes take place and having to tell the poor victims that there is nothing they can do?
If you are being beaten up by an abusive partner or watching your quad bike disappear down the drive, you are on your own.
I dread to think what could happen if they run true to form and fire stations are shut down left, right and centre. A vision of Nero fiddling while Rome burns springs to mind.
I read this week that morale among the county's police staff is at an all-time low. It came as no surprise, how must it feel to be unable to do your job effectively – through no fault of your own – and then have to apologise to victims for this lack of service, a service they still have to pay for even when its not received?
The brave men and women on the ground do the best they can under harsh and difficult constraints and deserve our praise and thanks, but please please don't let this happen to our fire service.
The police and crime commissioner post was never wanted by the people of this country and is just another expensive tier of bureaucracy that should be abolished. It wont be noticed that it's gone, or missed. The huge savings should then be directed to where they are needed, in this case basing our emergency services within a reasonable distance to all of us.
Comedy at the conferences
From: Edward Grainger, Botany Way, Nunthorpe, Middlesbrough.
NOT surprisingly Sir Bernard Ingham chose to once again rubbish the party conference season, minus the Conservatives.
Their well-chosen comments on the TUC, the Liberal Democrats and Labour gatherings provide us political watchers with the usual comedy offerings such as Sir Vince Cable's claim to be the next prime minister and Jeremy Corbyn's not unexpected assertion that the Labour Party under their leadership is the next government in waiting.
However, the accolade for the most hilarious rabble-rousing comment to the party faithful must surely still rest with David Steel, the former leader of the Liberal Party, when they only had a handful of seats and MPs, who ended a conference speech in the 1970s with a call to Liberals “return to their constituencies and prepare for government”.
What would we do without the party season to keep us all amused?
From: Graham Branston, Emmott Drive, Rawdon, Leeds.
THE Tory proposal to increase the repayment income threshold on student loans from £21,000 to £25,000 is helpful, but merely a palliative measure.
A far more popular step, short of reducing academic fees, would have been to cap the interest at say one per cent.
A post-graduate earning say £26,000 will, if the new threshold is implemented, still find difficulty reducing the loan because of the current high interest charges.
Furthermore, the Tories should be brave and close the student loan office in Glasgow, given the privileged position of Scottish students attending Scottish universities, and relocate it to an area of England with a significant level of unemployment, ideally somewhere in Yorkshire.
From: Tim Mickleburgh, Boulevard Avenue, Grimsby.
IN years gone by, only a small percentage of the brighest pupils took degrees. Consequently the state could afford to pay for their tuition, and give students a proper means-tested grant.
But for whatever reasons, including the desire to keep the dole queues down, it was felt neccessary to try and get half of all scholars untertaking degree-level study. Not only did this dilute the quality of a degree, but it made the potential educational costs far higher unless steps were taken to introduce fees and loans.
It would be better to “repolytechnicise” some of the lesser universities, to let them concentrate on practical job-related subjects once more. Meanwhile the cleverest students could get a debt-free degree, whatever their background.
Anonymous metro mayors
From: Coun David Sheard (Lab), Leader, Kirklees Council.
YOUR recent headline “Leading Metro Mayors” was fawning enough, but then to go on with “two of the country's most high profile metro mayors” added to the “puff”. I doubt very much that if you stepped out into the streets of Leeds you could find anyone who knew who either Andy Street or Ben Houchen are.
Two Conservative mayors have been roped in to spread the “message” you can have any configuration you want, as long as it suits the Conservative Party. Ironically we (West Yorkshire leaders) wanted the configuration they are suggesting only to be vetoed by Yorkshire Conservative MPs.
Can a hotel built in a matter of weeks on the cusp of Perth's Kings Park tick the right boxes? Fleur Bainger checks in to Tribe.
Having your hotel made in China isn't usually something to crow about. But Tribe Perth is rather proud of the fact it was constructed in only two weeks, something made possible by its pre-fabricated, modular rooms that are stacked up like Lego. Not that you'd know. The eight-storey building that opened in May in West Perth's corporate zone blends in effortlessly, with its jet black, shiny cube-shaped glass exterior. And then you saunter inside to find a designer wonderland with a modern luxe vibe. Neon lights reflect in black columns as shiny as patent leather; chairs fluffier than a poodle sit beside a giant chesterfield in emerald velvet; spray paint splashes plush lobby stools and multi-directional director's lights illuminate the airy entry space. I feel cool by association. So do the front desk staff, I'd wager. All three say hello without lifting their eyes from their screens. Tribe calls itself a tech savvy destination but this wasn't what I had in mind. More accommodating is the wi-fi: there's no password required.
I beam up to the sixth floor in a mirrored lift and gasp as I enter my black, grey and white room. It's compact. But clever, too: a felt bed base has cut-outs for bags and shoes; there are USB points in the walls, a flat screen TV (to which you can connect a music-playing Bluetooth device, but alas, only if it's a Samsung), a mini fridge absent of mini bar and a pod bathroom with Kevin Murphy products. A huge singular window with blackout blinds that reveals my Kings Park view, costing extra, is dominated by an ugly office building. At checkout I'm advised the hotel is reviewing its view classings. I regard Tribe's other niggles as similar teething issues: my bed is stripped while I'm at breakfast, despite a ‘quiet' sign on the door and a 12 noon checkout, and a $25 parking fee is charged without warning (they waive it). Dinner (menu courtesy of celebrity chef Tobie Puttock) surpasses expectations via a tasty mixed grain salad and lamb shanks. In keeping with Tribe's unconventional style, it can be had in the communal space or brought up to my firm, comfy bed.
And that's what makes this hotel stand out as a somewhat discerning, young-at-heart offering that business travellers will love. Privately owned but managed by Mantra Group, it sticks to some rules but breaks just as many others.
It's Looking A Lot Like 2008 Now… by Chris Martenson – Peak Prosperity
Did Friday's market plunge mark the start of the next crash?
Economic and market conditions are eerily like they were in late 2007/early 2008.
Remember back then? Everything was going great.
Home prices were soaring. Jobs were plentiful.
The great cultural marketing machine was busy proclaiming that a new era of permanent prosperity had dawned, thanks to the steady leadership of Alan Greenspan and later Ben Bernanke.
And only a small cadre of cranks, like me, was singing a different tune; warning instead that a painful reckoning in our financial system was approaching fast.
It's fitting that I'm writing this on Groundhog Day, as to these veteran eyes, it sure has been looking a lot like late 2007/early 2008 lately…
The Fed's ‘Reign Of Error'
Of course, the Great Financial Crisis arrived in late 2008, proving that the public's faith in central bankers had been badly misplaced.
In reality, all Ben Bernanke did was to drop interest rates to 1%. This provided an unprecedented incentive for investors and institutions to borrow, igniting a massive housing bubble as well as outsized equity and bond gains.
It's worth taking a moment to understand the mechanism the Federal Reserve used back then to lower interest rates (it's different today). It did so by flooding the banking system with enough “liquidity” (i.e. electronically printed digital currency units) until all the banks felt comfortable lending or borrowing from each other at an average rate of 1%.
The knock-on effect of flooding the US banking system (and, really, the entire world) in this way created an echo bubble to replace the one created earlier during Alan Greenspan's tenure (known as the Dot-Com Bubble, though ‘Sweep Account' Bubble is more accurate in my opinion):
The above chart shows the Fed's ‘reign of error'. It began with the deeply unfortunate sweeps program initiated at the end of 1994 (described below), proceeded to the echo bubble that itself broke in 2008 with even greater damage done, and all of which has led us to where we are today.
Note the twin panics of 2016 on the above chart. Panic #1 occurred when our current bubble threatened to burst — that scared the living daylights out of the Big 3 central banks: the Fed, the ECB and the BoJ. So they colluded to juice the markets and boy, did they succeed. Panic #2 was the surprise election of Donald Trump. So much thin-air currency was created and dumped into the markets after that unpredicted event that we got that the markets have pretty much gone vertical ever since (note the protractor in the chart above).
When this current bubble pops, the one that I've repeatedly described as The Mother Of All Financial Bubbles, the ensuing damage will be many multiples of that caused by the bursting of the bubbles that preceded it. That's the nature of these things: you either take your lumps when you should, or you pay a far steeper price later on.
So far, we've done all we can to postpone any consequences as far into the future as possible. Someday, maybe someday very soon, those consequences will arrive. And, at our unprecedented extremes in (over)valuation, the price we will have to pay then will be very steep indeed.
Swept Away
One of Greenspan's biggest sins while at the helm of the Federal Reserve was allowing the banks to implement “sweep accounts” for retail deposit accounts.
Banks are required to hold some of your deposited money ‘”in reserve”, commonly around 10%, to act as a cushion against insolvency risk. This means that if you have $1,000 on deposit at a bank, it's supposed to have $100 of that in cash on hand in case you unexpectedly walk in and demand some of your money back.
Since it's only during a bank run that everybody wants 100% of their money back, the Federal Reserve only required banks to keep just 10% of depositor money on hand at any given time. They rest can be loaned out. (That's why this is called ‘fractional reserve lending').
Banks don't make very much money by holding onto your money. They want to “put it to work”. Through the miracle of fractional reserve banking (at 10% in reserve) your deposited $1,000 can be turned into $9,000 of new loans.
Instead of offering you 0.5% on your savings while getting 1.5% on a Treasury bond (booooooring!) and pocketing the 1% spread, banks would prefer to lend out 90% of your deposit to a homeowner while charging 4% and pocketing a whopping 3.5% spread.
In Scenario A banks make $10 from their 1% spread on $1,000. In Scenario B they make $355 in net interest profits on your same $1,000 deposit. That's a big difference.
But what if even that's not enough to sate the banks' hunger for greater profit? What if the banks feel overly hamstrung by that pesky 10% reserve requirement? What if they only had to hold 5% in reserve?
Well, then $20,000 in loans can be made against your $1,000 deposit. If we call this Scenario C (again at a 4% loan rate,) then banks can make $755 in net interest profit on the back of your $1,000 deposit. Now that's more exciting!
But how to get around that pesky 10% reserve requirement? This is where Alan Greenspan stepped in back in 1994. Facing unwanted tightness in the corporate bond market, an effort was made to inject more liquidity into the system. Greenspan's solution for where that new money should come from was to allow the extension of sweep accounts into retail banking.
Now, what's a sweep account? Good question.
If you have a checking account with a bank, you very likely also have a corresponding sweep account (also in your name) that you probably never knew was there.
Each night, right before the bank's reserve snapshot is taken, all of the money in your checking account is briefly “swept” into a special sweep account which has no reserve requirements. So, when the reserve snapshot is taken for your bank, presto!, there's no money in your checking account — so, as far the regulators are concerned, your bank need not hold any money in reserve for that account.
And right after the reserve snapshot is taken, presto again!, your money is swept right back into your checking account.
Sounds crazy or, at least, illegal — right? But it's real.
From the Federal Reserve itself we get this description of sweep accounts:
Since January 1994, hundreds of banks and other depository financial institutions have implemented automated computer programs that reduce their required reserves by analyzing customers' use of checkable deposits (demand deposits, ATS, NOW, and other checkable deposits) and “sweeping” such deposits into savings deposits (specifically, MMDA, or money market deposit accounts). Under the Federal Reserve's Regulation D, MMDA accounts are personal saving deposits and, hence, have a zero statutory reserve requirement. (Source)
The result of this program effectively removed reserve requirements altogether, allowing a flood of new lending to proceed. Sure, that fixed the corporate bond market tightness; but it also gave rise to the massive stock bubble of the late 1990s (see the red arrow pointing upwards on the above chart).
So why focus so much on the creation of the sweep accounts program?
First: this was the original error that the Fed has been responding to ever since, just as a drunk driver responds to a skid by oversteering this way then that way with the skid, over-correcting too much each time. If you want to understand today's dilemmas you have to know this little bit of history.
Second: this was the beginning of the “We'll just change the rules when it suits our needs” regime that has now so utterly infected the regulatory apparatus of the US financial system. As a result, for all practical purposes, there really aren't any iron-clad rules we can count on anymore.
The corollary to this is that creating a lot of easy money is fun and exciting for a while, but then make things far worse in the end.
Why is that? Because you can't print prosperity. Money printing only steals prosperity from the masses, and most especially, from future generations — that's all the central banks really ever can do.
But theft isn't a sustainable form our governance. The central banks reign of error(s) will continue and compound until we, the people, finally rise up and demand something different.
What will it take to create enough public outrage to trigger this? Well, how about another massive financial crisis, one that may make 2008 look tame in comparison?
Look, bubbles always burst. And there are very worrying signs that the current Mother Of All Financial Bubbles is ending right now.
What most has my attention are spiking interest rates and oil prices threatening to head above $70/bbl. These are twin shocks that our extremely over-indebted and over-leveraged economic system simply can't withstand for long before breaking down.
It's 2007/2008 All Over Again
The warning signs in 2007 were abundant and, for most, completely obvious in hindsight. I was writing about them extensively at the time and, today, I see too many parallel features for comfort. It's that conditions are exactly the same, but they're so similar that we'd have to quibble to separate them.
Whereas in 2007 people were borrowing heavily against their rising home prices, today we have record household debt, record auto loan balances (in terms of both payment schedule length and amount), record corporate debt, and record sovereign debts.
In 2007 the Fed was carefully raising rates to see if they could build up an interest rate buffer. Today, we also have rising rates and declining market liquidity due to reduced central bank QE activity:
(Source)
Note that “raising rates” today isn't exactly the same as it was in 2007, save that that borrowing money costs you a little more. So, yes, auto loans and mortgages all cost a little more than they did a few months ago.
But unlike the mechanism the Fed used in 2007, today it's not driving interest rates higher by withdrawing liquidity. Instead, it's doing so by simply offering a higher rate of interest to banks on their excess reserves (IOER), and that drags the overrate of interest up.
Why? Because if you're a bank and you have the choice between either lending overnight to another bank or lending money to the Fed (which is completely risk-free), then you're going to take the best deal. Right now, the Fed is offering pretty sweet terms.
This chart explains why and how the Fed has been able to raise rates without draining liquidity:
Without this little feature, unwisely authorized by congress in 2008, the Fed would have to drain many hundreds of billions of dollars from the system to hike interest rates. Instead, now they can just set the IOER higher, as if it were a magic dial that sets the price of money.
It's a cool trick. But it's newness prevents us from looking to past interest hiking cycles for clues as to how this current one will play out. The dynamics are totally different.
Now, the Fed is starting to drain liquidity from the system, too. It's using a process it refers to as ‘reducing its balance sheet.'
On that front, we see that the Fed has allowed some $30 billion of Treasurys to ‘roll off' its balance sheet. This simply means that when these instruments matured, the Treasury Department returned the principal to the Fed (thus ‘retiring' the bonds), instead of seeing the Fed replace the bonds by printing up more money to buy more of the same securities at the next Treasury auction:
(Source)
While the above chart may look dramatic, it's not really. It won't really impact things much as long as the ECB and the BoJ continue to print and dump more new digital currency into world markets. (Although, they've publicly committed to tapering these purchases in the future — so far that's not really in the data unless we squint hopefully at the last little wiggle in the chart below):
But what really matters is this next chart, which shows the combined stimulus across all the major central banks. Since the financial system is truly global now, it matters less what any one central bank is doing and instead we have to look across them all.
When we do, this is what we see:
(Source)
Anything above the zero line means that central banks are still dumping money into the system. So they are not collectively ‘tightening' yet, which would technically mean they would be removing money from the system — as they are slated to do somewhere around the beginning of 2019.
However, the world's debt levels and stock and bond prices are all so massively stretched and elevated, that simply even doing less money printing may have the same effect as tightening. Believe it or not, we're coming off of the largest year of money printing in all history in 2017.
Think about that for a second…nine years into the ‘recovery' and the central banks printed the largest amount of emergency money ever.
Which is it? Are we still experiencing an emergency of historically unprecedented magnitude? Or are we years into enjoying a robust “recovery”, as our media and elected officials have been telling us?
Of course, we've been writing here at PeakProsperity.com for years that our global economic and financial systems are dramatically more tenuous than we're being told
In my calculation, the markets cannot withstand any reduction in stimulus. If the projected tightening actually occurs, asset prices will begin to fall violently in response. When that occurs, all the central banks' promised plans will be tossed in the trash can. The ensuing rescue efforts will unleash a tidal wave of liquidity that will dwarf the efforts of the past decade, and very likely destroy the remaining purchasing power of the world's major fiat currencies.
But first, the markets will need to fall hard, in order to give the central bankers enough political air cover for such drastic action. Expect to see days where the Dow closes down between 500 – 1,000 points in a single day.
Just like today…
Assume The Crash Position
In Part 2: Is This It? we examine the congregating perfect storm of crash triggers — rising interest rates, a fast-weakening dollar, a sudden return of volatility to the markets after a decade of absence, rising oil prices — and calculate whether today's 666-point drop in the Dow is the start of a 2008-style market melt-down (or worse).
These are sick, distorted, deformed and liquidity-addicted markets. They've gotten entirely too dependent on continued largess from the central banks.
That is now ending.
After so many years of such extreme market manipulation finally gives way, the coming losses will be staggeringly enormous.
The chief concern of any prudent investor right now should be: How do I avoid being collateral damage in the coming reckoning?
Click here to read Part 2 of this report (free executive summary, enrollment required for full access)
Sharing is caring!
Published:
The Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association have alleged that ex-President Goodluck Jonathan did nothing to protect the Fulanis. National President of the group Bello Abdullahi Bodejo (Lamido Fulbe) said this, adding that clashes between farmers and herders did not start from the President Muhammadu Buhari government.
According to Bodejo, those blaming Buhari for the recent clashes are doing so due to the present administration's fight against corruption. They told Sun News that, “In 2014 when President Jonathan was still in power, there were crises in Plateau, Benue and Taraba states that almost destroyed the country. That time they were calling the name of Jonathan but now that the Progressives Congress(APC) has taken power from the PDP, and changed the government, the problem has shifted to Buhari.
In addition, they said “Some people who lost the elections do not know how they can sit down without getting anything from the government. These are the kinds of people causing the problem and hoping that they would go back to power. “During the Jonathan's time, you remember the Ombatse cult problem in Nasarawa State. That crisis alone was even threatening the country as many security agents were killed but there was no much propaganda. Now, even if a husband and wife quarrel, they would say it is a problem caused by the Fulani.
“I know why they are saying all these; it is because President Buhari is a Fulani man. Buhari is fighting corruption and all these people who looted our money are not happy and they are fighting back in many ways. “Many of them are being chased about by the EFCC and they are not happy and they want to cause problems because election is approaching. President Muhammadu Buhari is a very straight leader and is not protecting anybody.”
Share This
Millwall boss Neil Harris reckons their side could have had a string of penalties for the way that opposition have prevented them attacking corners.
Jake Cooper scored from a corner in Tuesday's 2-0 win over Port Vale. A defender headed out of the goal but it had already crossed the line.
Harris said: “The linesman did really well, brave to give it.
“We won't bemoan penalty decisions on manhandling in the penalty area, because I thought we got away with one on Saturday. But that's three games in a row where if the referee wants to follow the letter of the law of players being able to have a free run at the ball – then we could have had 14 penalties in three games.
“We should have had two clear ones at the weekend and we could have had four or five tonight.
“We're a threat at set-pieces and they are the number one opportunity to score goals, at any level. I'm pleased we got good delivery at the moment and good size.
Police searching for a West Yorkshire teenager believe they may be in Manchester with the man pictured in this CCTV image.
Alecia Moran was last seen at their address in Linthwaite, Huddersfield, at around 4.30pm on Sunday.
An appeal for information on their whereabouts was issued yesterday amid concerns from police and their family about the 14-year-old's welfare.
Police 'very concerned' for welfare of missing girl, 14
Detective Inspector Craig McKay, of Kirklees CID, said: "We are continuing enquiries to find Alecia and are very concerned for their welfare as are their parents.
"We do now believe they are in the Manchester area and would like to speak to the man pictured who they have been seen with."
Alecia is described as slim and 5ft 4in, with their hair in a messy bun. They were last seen wearing a black woolly coat and a mini dress.
Det Insp McKay said: "I would ask that man, Alecia, anyone who can identify this male, or anyone who has any information about Alecia's whereabouts to contact Kirklees CID at West Yorkshire Police on 101, referencing West Yorkshire Police log 618 of April 16."
The Perplexing Psychology Of Saving For Health Care
Enlarge this image toggle caption Oivind Hovland/Ikon Images/Getty Images Oivind Hovland/Ikon Images/Getty Images
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
IRON RIVER—A spaghetti dinner fundraiser to help two local students participate in a medical brigade to Ghana will be held from 4-8 p.m. on Saturday, Dec. 16, at the West Iron County Fire Hall.
Current Central Michigan students Kelsi Hendrickson, a Forest Park graduate, and Alexis Vicenzi, a West Iron County graduate, will host the fundraiser. Hendrickson and Vicenzi are involved in the nonprofit organization “Global Brigades” and through this organization, the pair have an opportunity to serve those in need by providing medical and dental attention to Ghanaian community members.
The menu will consist of spaghetti, garlic bread and salad with a bake sale and more. Cost will be $8 for adults and $5 for children and students. Children under 3 eat for free.
The public is asked to join the students for dinner and good company, while raising funds for a great cause.
Personal donations can be made to Hendrickson at 413 N. Sixth St., Crystal Falls, MI 49920 and Vicenzi at 135 N. Fourth Ave., Iron River, MI 49935.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The EFL Championship is one of the most tightly contested leagues in the world. But does spending guarantee success?
The three teams who dropped down from the Premier League last season are all in the top six teams whose squad costs the most. But only, one of those sides has a chance of returning to the top flight.
Middlesbrough currently sit in five spot and have a squad cost of £62.7million. Boro made two of the five most expensive Championship transfers this season but despite having the joint second highest squad cost they haven't run away with the league.
The other two relegated sides make it even more apparent that money doesn't guarantee results. Hull City are currently 18th and Sunderland 24th, both have had seasons to regret despite have squad costs of £62.7m and £40.6m respectively. Sunderland are set to be relegated to League One despite having the sixth most expensive team.
High flyers Cardiff and Millwall are defying the odds with both teams experiencing fantastic seasons despite limited budgets.
The Bluebirds are currently second and are going toe to toe with Fulham for the title.
Millwall's performance is even more extraordinary. The Lions have the second lowest squad cost in the Championship failing to even break into seven figures (£800,000), yet they're now sixth.
Bristol City can consider themselves over achievers as well with the Robins having only the 13th most expensive squad, yet they've been holding their own against the teams at the top of the table all season.
Below you will find a list of the Championship teams in order of squad cost from highest to lowest.
Aston Villa
Squad Cost: £67.8m
League Position: 4
2017/18 record signing: Glenn Whelan from Stoke City for £2m
Hull City
Squad Cost: £62.7m
League Position: 18
2017/18 record signing: Eight players for undisclosed fees
Middlesbrough
Squad Cost: £62.7m
League Position: 6
2017/18 record signing: Britt Assombalonga from Nottingham Forest for £15m
Wolves
Squad Cost: £41.1m
League Position: 1
2017/18 record signing: Ruben Neves from Porto for £15.8m
Verdict on Championship promotion race as Wolves, Cardiff, Fulham, Aston Villa, Derby County, Middlesbrough and Bristol City aim for Premier League
Derby County
Squad Cost: £41.1m
League Position: 5
2017/18 record signing: Tom Lawrence from Leicester City for £4.95m
Sunderland
Squad Cost: £40.6m
League Position: 23
2017/18 record signing: James Vaughan from Bury and Jason Steele from Blackburn Rovers for £500k
Fulham
Squad Cost: £37.4m
League Position: 3
2017/18 record signing: Rui Fonte from Braga for £8.3m
Norwich City
Squad Cost: £36.8m
League Position: 14
2017/18 record signing: 11 players for undisclosed fees
Sheffield Wednesday
Squad Cost: £35.5m
League Position: 16
2017/18 record signing: Jordan Rhodes from Middlesbrough for £10m
(Image: Gareth Copley/Getty Images)
Leeds United
Squad Cost: £29.9m
League Position: 13
2017/18 record signing: Adam Forshaw from Middlesbrough for £4.5m
QPR
Squad Cost: £26.1m
League Position: 15
2017/18 record signing: Three players for undisclosed fees
Reading
Squad Cost: £23m
League Position: 19
2017/18 record signing: Sone Aluko from Fulham for £7.2m
Bristol City
Squad Cost: £19.5m
League Position: 7
2017/18 record signing: Famara Diédhiou from Angers for £5.3m
Birmingham City
Squad Cost: £19.2m
League Position: 21
2017/18 record signing: Six players for undisclosed fees
Cardiff City
Squad Cost: £18.6m
League Position: 2
2017/18 record signing: Gary Madine from Bolton Wanderers for £6m
Brentford
Squad Cost: £16.4m
League Position: 11
2017/18 record signing: Nine players for undisclosed fees
Nottingham Forest
Squad Cost: £7m
League Position: 17
2017/18 record signing: Six players for undisclosed fees
Barnsley
Squad Cost: £6m
League Position: 22
2017/18 record signing: Cameron McGeehan from Luton Town for £990k
Sheffield United
Squad Cost: £5.9m
League Position: 9
2017/18 record signing: Richard Stearman from Fulham for £961k
Ipswich Town
Squad Cost: £4.2m
League Position: 12
2017/18 record signing: Five players for undisclosed fees
(Image: Paul Roberts/JMP)
Bolton Wanderers
Squad Cost: £2.5m
League Position: 20
2017/18 record signing: Aaron Wilbraham from Bristol City and Craig Noone for undisclosed fees
Preston North End
Squad Cost: £2.1m
League Position: 10
2017/18 record signing: Declan Rudd from Norwich City for £966k
Millwall
Squad Cost: £800,000
League Position: 8
2017/18 record signing: Four players for undisclosed fees
Burton Albion
Squad Cost: £500,000
League Position: 24
2017/18 record signing: Three players for undisclosed fees
Figures from the Daily Mail.
The Texas Rangers swept three games from the Washington Nationals, and manager Jeff Banister said it could be the start of something (video by Jeff Wilson).
1 1/2 lb (675 g) skinless haddock or cod fillets
2 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced
1/2 mango, peeled and diced (optional)
1/4 cup (10 g) cilantro, chopped
8 taco shells
Sour cream, to taste
In a large non-stick skillet over medium heat, soften the onion and jalapeno in the oil. Deglaze with the lime juice. Add the fish and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of the fillets, until cooked through. Season with salt and pepper. Break the fish into large pieces with a fork. Add the tomatoes, mango and cilantro. Adjust the seasoning.
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Massachusetts, called on the Department of Labor this week to phase out a practice that allows employers to pay workers with disabilities less than the federal minimum wage -- a policy which they called "inherently discriminatory."
In a Monday letter to Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta, Warren and other senators requested information on the agency's oversight and enforcement of employers who use waivers to hire workers with disabilities and pay them below the federal minimum of $7.25 per hour.
Raising concerns about past abuses of the program, the lawmakers asked Acosta how DOL is working to prevent employers from mistreating and discriminating against workers with disabilities.
They further called on the secretary to responsibly end the practice.
"These waivers are inherently discriminatory and should be phased out in a responsible way," they wrote. "While the department continues to issue these waivers, however, we are concerned by past abuses of the program and hope to better understand the extent to which the Department is able to prevent employers' mistreatment of and discrimination against workers with disabilities."
Although the senators acknowledged that a section of the Fair Labor Standards Act lets DOL issue certificates allowing employers to pay workers with disabilities -- including those "impaired by age, physical or mental deficiency" -- a "special minimum wage," they cautioned that such waivers could lead to discrimination and unjustifiably low expectations.
The lawmakers, for example, pointed to reports suggesting that sub-minimum wageworkers at Goodwill Industries sites have earned as low as 22 centers per hour, while those at a "vocational school" in Rhode Island "were forced to work long hours for little or no wages."
A USA Today report on the use of the waivers in New York, meanwhile, found such workers earned just 16 cents per hour at organizations that were paying tens of thousands of dollars in bonuses to their executives, they noted.
DOL public data suggested that as of January employers held more than 1,700 waivers, which covered 150,000-plus workers eligible for the lower wage -- including several in Massachusetts -- Warren's office noted.
Contending that several advocates and experts in the disability community have raised concerns about the potential for abuse under the DOL waivers, the senators noted that the Advisory Committee on Increasing Competitive Integrated Employment for Individuals with Disabilities has recommended a "well-designed, multi-year phase-out" of the practice, which allows those with disabilities to enter competitive integrated employment.
The committee, they added, has further recommended ways in which DOL can strengthen enforcement of the waivers and ensure they are issued only when "necessary in order to prevent the curtailment of opportunities for employment."
The senators asked Acosta to provide information on the pay rates for individuals with disabilities by employers using the certificates, the annual number of applications for the waivers and the number of inspections it has conducted on employers with the waivers, among other things.
U.S. Sens. Bob Casey, D-Pennsylvania; Patty Murray, D-Washington; Chris Van Hollen, D-Maryland; Maggie Hassan, D-New Hampshire; Tammy Duckworth, D-Illinois; and Bernie Sanders, I-Vermont, joined Warren in sending the letter.
Firefighters were on the scene of the Yonge St. and St. Clair Ave. fire all night, and the fire was under control as of 5:45 a.m. Jesse Winter / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
Crews worked all night and into Wednesday morning to reopen roads and battle the last remnants of a massive fire at Yonge St. and St. Clair Ave. The six-alarm blaze, which ignited Tuesday morning, tore through the historic Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto until firefighters contained it in the evening. They stayed on-scene all night, and the fire was under control as of 5:45 a.m., said Chief Matthew Pegg of Toronto Fire Services. “I highly doubt there's going to be a lot of salvageable building left there,” Pegg said just after 7 a.m. Wednesday. Thick, black smoke filled the intersection Tuesday, leading police to close roads and the TTC to stop subway service at St. Clair station. At times, the entire block was obscured, with a grey mural on one of the surrounding buildings making the scene look apocalyptic. All occupants of the charred building were accounted for. One firefighter who incurred a minor back injury was the only one hurt in the fire. However, the historic structure, which dates back to the 1920s, was gutted.
Article Continued Below
Portions of the racquet club's roof collapsed — typical for a fire of this size, Pegg said. The building contained combustible materials that contributed to the problem, they added. The club's parking lot was also flooded as water from the firefighters' hoses poured from the building's front doors. More than 120 firefighters helped douse the flames. Firefighters were set to enter their 24th hour of work on the fire Wednesday morning.
“Everybody's exhausted,” Pegg said, praising crews for their tireless efforts. Late Tuesday night, Pegg said commuters could likely expect delays in the morning. Toronto police said they'd reopened roads north of St. Clair Ave. in both directions. Westbound lanes of St. Clair Ave., east and west of Yonge St., were also reopened for traffic between Avenue Rd. and Avoca Ave. However, Pegg said Yonge St. would stay closed from St. Clair to Woodlawn Ave., along with eastbound lanes of St. Clair Ave. W. from Avenue Rd. to Yonge St. Streetcar and subway service at St. Clair Station returned to normal by for the Wednesday morning commute, the TTC said, though buses are still diverting around the scene. The cause of the fire wasn't clear Wednesday morning, nor was the location where the fire started. However, racquet club member Bruce Taylor told the Star that club management sent an email to members about the fire, saying it may have been caused by an electrical issue, but offered no other details. There had been a fire at the site before, Taylor said. “About eight years ago there was a fire in a sauna. There was some damage, but it was contained to the men's locker room,” Taylor said. “We've never seen anything like this,” they added.
▶ Flames can be seen coming from the roof of the Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto on St. Clair Ave. W., and a thick cloud of black smoke is hanging over the area. (Steve Russell/Toronto Star)
Meanwhile, displaced residents from six buildings were sent to a reception centre run by the Red Cross in an office building at 55 St. Clair Ave. W. at the request of the city's emergency management office. The total number of people evacuated wasn't available, nor was an estimate of when they'd be able to return to their homes. Pegg said only four residents required city help to find accommodations, as the rest were able to stay with friends and family, and firefighters were able to minimize damage to neighbouring buildings. Pegg thanked members of the public for their patience, and said many are asking when they'll be able to get back into homes and businesses. At best, they predicted they'd get the all-clear late Wednesday afternoon. Crews will be hard at work to restart hydro and natural gas service — shut off during the fire — in the area, Pegg said. They'll also be doing air quality testing and dealing with water runoff. “It's going to take us a little more time,” they said. Fire marshals are at the scene, as are Toronto Fire Services investigators. They haven't yet determined the total cost of the damage.
GENERATION GAP: Baby Boomer vs. Millennial. They think Millennials take too many selfies, while they think Boomers can't take a joke. Get perspective through the mind of a Millennial and a Baby Boomer because after all, generation gaps will always be there.
EPISODE 6: Is Donald Trump a big old fat fake because he's changed their mind? Leggings just won't go away and fake news about Chip and Joanna Gains?! This is Generation Gap.
EPISODE 5: Beauty and the Beast, where is the outrage? Thank goodness they weren't trying to get on a United flight in leggings and Starbucks wants us all to come together around a hot cup of joe. Welcome to Generation Gap.
EPISODE 4: From fake news in your news feeds to recliners in your living rooms, this is Generation Gap.
Find previous Generation Gap podcasts here.
Mr Burrow was speaking at the Melbourne launch of the group's Advancing Agribusiness in Australia platform
They said said the sector recognised greater investment in Australian food and fibre production was required to lift output and ensure long-term prosperity.
“We live in a fragile world,” Mr Burrow told the breakfast
“In our world there is about five billion hectares of arable land, Australia has about nine per cent of that arable land.
“We have plenty of sunshine to go round, but Australia is not one of the ten countries that have 60pc of the world's water.”
“We are happy little Vegemites and we produce about one per cent of the world's food, feeding about 60 million people, in terms of protein and starch.”
But they said to maintain the figure of one per cent, Australia would need to almost double its production by 2050, from the same amount of soil and water.
Mr Burrow said a debate was required about the models that could help facilitate investment to boost productivity.
“Australia's current narrow farm-level focus is limiting and structural change must occur to stimulate increased productivity, innovation, cost efficiencies and improved returns at all points of the value chain,” Mr Burrow said.
“This means new and potentially difficult conversations are required around foreign investment and bank debt, the role of the family farm, and how corporates fit in to Victoria's future,” they said.
“One thing is clear, we cannot continue with the status quo.”
Mr Burrow said the platform outlined what Agribusiness Australia saw as the “complex challenges and sensible solutions” confronting the agribusiness sector.
Agribusiness Australia chair Mark Allison said growth in global food demand (expected to increase by 70 percent by 2050 when the world's population is forecast to reach 9.7 billion people) presented a major opportunity for Australia to increase its agricultural exports.
“But Australia's productivity growth has slowed considerably due largely to a declining rate of innovation and change and the widening gap between the Australian community's understanding of delivering food to a hungry world and the amazingly sustainable and sophisticated way in which we now produce it,” Mr Allison said.
“Our competitors, such as New Zealand, Brazil and South Africa, have all experienced strong productivity growth over the past decade.
“Over the past 15 years, Australian agricultural exports have been increasing at 5.2 per cent per annum
“Yet, over the same period, the nominal value of global agricultural trade has been increasing at 7-8pc annually, and in Asian regions the rate of growth has exceeded 14pc p.a.
“This means Australia is losing market share where agricultural trade is growing most rapidly, such as North Asia.”
Mr Allision told breakfast guests there was no room for complacency.
INVESTMENT PUSH: Agribusiness Australia chief executive Tim Burrow said a fresh approach was needed to ensure the nation's agricultural industries remained competitive.
“Australia's proximity to Asian markets provides some advantages over other agricultural produce exporters in terms of lower freight rates and shorter shipping times, but this will not guarantee future export success.”
To achieve success, Agribusiness Australia said commercialisation of investments in innovation, and increased investment in research and development (R&D), as well as infrastructure, would be the key.
“Public support for R&D has been declining since the 1970s, despite the large long-term benefits and strong evidence to productivity growth and this mirrors our society's march to urban living,” Mr Burrow said.
“A renewed community trust in our agribusiness sector's sustainability and productivity from research to retail needs to be gained
“This, in turn, will support a required increase in public investment in R&D and stronger international co-operation – the industry can't rely on private investment alone.”
Agribusiness Australia chief executive Tim Burrow
The story New investment approach needed: Agribusiness Australia first appeared on Stock & Land.
Why didn't anyone believe Ben McAdoo?
The rookie coach said they were going to play their starters and try to beat Washington even though it was a meaningless game for the Giants in terms of postseason positioning. And that's exactly what they did. With the exception of Odell Beckham Jr., who played a little more than a half, and Janoris Jenkins (bruised back), who returned to action, the Giants did not vary from their usual rotation. Even Eli Manning played the entire game. Most observers were waiting for McAdoo to pull the plug at some point — either after the early touchdown or at halftime — but they never did. They were a man of their word.
Did the players believe him?
They didn't have much choice. “This is my first year with them as the head coach, so I have to take what they say as true,” wide receiver Victor Cruz said. “It felt like everybody was going to play and we all played.”
Guard Justin Pugh said they felt the only way the starters would come out was if the score was lopsided late. “We should have blown them out early,” Pugh said.
And linebacker Jonathan Casillas said McAdoo never said anything all week about resting players. “I didn't think anybody was going to be sitting down,” they said. “I guess Odell came out, but that's fine. I want them healthy for the playoffs.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Did it work?
Well, let's just say it didn't backfire. The Giants did not appear to suffer any serious injuries to key players as they head into the playoffs. And they theoretically gained a measure of momentum as they head to the wild-card round next weekend.
How did Jenkins look?
They started and played about a half before heading to the sideline. After missing last week's game against the Eagles, they were able to make a few plays and looked fine moving around the field. “He's sore,” McAdoo said after the game. “[The medical staff is] looking at them right now and I know he's sore. We wanted to be smart with him.”
Where did Tavarres King come from?
Giants videos
The wide receiver has been inactive most of the season but stepped in as Beckham's second-half replacement Sunday. They caught only one pass, but it was a huge one, a 44-yarder that set up the winning field goal in the fourth quarter. It was only their second catch of the season.
“For Eli to trust me at a critical moment in the game, it was so exciting,” King said. “It's amazing. For them to call my number when I haven't had a lot of chances, it's an honor.”
What happened on Cullen Jenkins' sack of Manning in the fourth quarter?
Pugh said they thought they would have help on the inside when Jenkins, a former Giant, spun in that direction, but center Weston Richburg correctly picked up a different assignment and Jenkins flattened Manning. Pugh took full responsibility for the play. “I told Cullen it was their retirement present,” Pugh said.
Why did Bobby Hart not play?
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The right tackle injured their forearm late in the week and McAdoo said they decided to hold them out. Marshall Newhouse started in their place, which reunited the opening-day offensive line.
In November 2016, Al Safwa Mubasher Financial Services was approved by Dubai Financial Markets (DFM) for direct access as a broker to the listed stock exchange, allowing it to buy and sell orders for global brokers.
NEWARK, N.J. — It would be easy to say the New Jersey Devils are back after ending a six-year playoff drought.
John Hynes' team went from last in the Eastern Conference in 2016-17 to the post-season in less in the year, riding a career year by left wing Taylor Hall and outstanding first seasons by No. 1 overall draft pick Nico Hischier and Will Butcher. This was a team that made it tough on opponents almost every time it stepped on the ice.
The standings said it all. New Jersey went from 28 wins and 70 points to 44 wins and 97 points.
Still, it was only good enough to outlast the hard-charging Florida Panthers in the closing weeks of the regular season and get the No. 8 seed.
The Devils discovered that playoffs were another level. They were eliminated by Tampa Bay, the top seed in the Eastern Conference, in five games.
"Of course, we're disappointed," veteran centre Travis Zajac said Tuesday as the Devils cleaned out their lockers. "But we accomplished a lot as a team. This is just the beginning. I like how we come together as a team. We faced a lot of adversity, but we survived. Because the league is so close and it's going to be that way again next year, we have to continue to get better."
The Devils have ridden a roller-coaster in Hynes' first three seasons as coach. They exceeded expectations in their first year, plummeted two years ago and then stunned the league in getting back to the playoffs.
"You have no idea of how good I feel about what we did this year," said captain Andy Greene, who like Zajac was with the Devils when they reached the Stanley Cup Final in 2012. "We were a lot better. The way we competed every game down the stretch. We were fighting for each other. We were picked last in the division and last in the conference. We took that to heart. It's all part of the process. You don't go from the bottom to the top unless you work hard."
Hall carried the Devils this season, scoring points in 26 straight games in which they played. They finished with 39 goals and 54 assists. Their 93 points were 41 more than the next closest player on the team, Hischier (20 goals, 32 assists).
"I knew they were a really good hockey player, but it was nothing like what I saw this year," said forward Marcus Johansson, who was limited to 29 games by concussions. "He was unbelievable day in and day out."
A West Bay man was found unresponsive around 8 a.m. on (3 July) Tuesday at a house on Peace Lane and according to a police statement they were pronounced dead at the scene.
Police said the circumstances of the death do not appear suspicious at this time. They say an inquest will be held to determine the cause of death. The man's identity has yet to be released.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Papa John's isn't just home to pizza; John's dessert menu is also rather impressive. The cinnamon pull-aparts, the chocolate chip cookies, the double chocolate chip brownies... I'm not crying! It's just allergies, OK? They're clearly trying to one-up themselves, though, because this summer, for a limited time only, Papa John's will have donut holes — cinnamon-sugar-coated treats packed with caramel crème. I don't know what we did to deserve this, but I'm not going to question it. I love a good donut hole and they fit perfectly in my purse. That's all I need to know.
It gets even better, though. Papa John's is giving everyone a chance to try the donut holes for free before they officially become available to the public. On June 1, which happens to be National Donut Day, order any pizza online and you'll get an order of donut holes free of charge. The freebies don't end there. Starting June 2, you can use the promo code DONUT and get a free order any time you purchase two pizzas. Otherwise, the donut holes will be priced at $4.99 for an order of 10. That's only $0.50 a hole. I recognize a bargain when I see one.
But wait. They're not done.
Free donut holes aren't all Papa John's has going on. They're also giving away a free vacation to one lucky winner. The destination? Donut Island, in New Zealand. Yes, it exists! Its formal name is Whenuakura Island, and it's shaped like a donut. The island features an emerald lagoon, breathtaking rock formations, and red-flowered pohutukawa trees. Will there be doughnuts there? I really hope so...
Entering is easy. Starting Saturday, June 2 and ending Saturday, June 30, anyone who orders donut holes online or via Papa John's app can enter the Dreaming of Donuts Island Getaway Sweepstakes. The eight-day, seven-night adventure will be the trip of a lifetime for the winner and a travel partner of their choice. Do dogs count? Asking for a friend. Meaning me.
While these days, we recognize National Donut Day as a day to indulge in the sweet treat, there's actually a very touching history behind it. Back in 1917, the 250 volunteers of The Salvation Army traveled overseas with soldiers fighting in World War I, and set up huts near the front lines to provide the soldiers with clothes, supplies, and baked goods, says The Salvation Army Metropolitan Division.
Some of these baked goods were doughnuts, which they fried in soldiers' helmets! These women became known as "doughnut lassies."
National Donut Day became an actual (although unofficial) holiday in 1938, when The Salvation Army decided to start using it to raise money and awareness during the Great Depression, according to their website. Now, every first Friday of June, we honor the "doughnut girls" who helped kickstart it all.
Papa John's isn't the only one getting in on the National Donut Day excitement. Head to Dunkin' Donuts and get a free donut with the purchase of any beverage.
Even better, Krispy Kreme is giving them away for free. Like, FREE free. You don't have to purchase anything.
Edible Arrangements recently created Edible Donuts, and you can try one for free this Friday. (Note: these are actually apple slices dipped in chocolate that just look like doughnuts. Imposters! Still want one, though.)
Or, you can head to LaMar's Donuts and Coffee for a free treat, excluding specialty doughnuts.
Enjoy your doughnuts and the subsequent sugar rush, friends. Remember what it's all about. Just make sure that when you wake up on June 2, you wake up free of any doughnut FOMO-related regret.
Seahawks make Marshall signing official
The Seattle Seahawks confirmed the signing of Brandon Marshall on a one-year deal.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 04:13 IST 29 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Brandon Marshall
Russell Wilson will have another veteran target available after the Seattle Seahawks signed Brandon Marshall.
Marshall has signed a one-year deal with the Seahawks, the team confirmed on Wednesday.
The official news came the day after Marshall posted a series of pictures on their Instagram account in which they sported a Seahawks "12s" jersey.
Marshall, 34, gives Seattle a big body alongside Doug Baldwin and Tyler Lockett, not to mention more than a decade of NFL experience. The Seahawks will be their sixth team.
Let's Go. A post shared by Brandon Marshall (@bmarshall) on May 29, 2018 at 11:00am PDT
Marshall saw their 2017 season with the New York Giants cut short by an ankle injury. That came on the heels of a subpar 2016 with the Jets, so it is unclear exactly how much the veteran has left at this point.
But the six-time Pro Bowl pick would seem to be a low-risk investment for Seattle on a one-year deal.
To make room on the 90-man roster, the Seahawks waived fullback Marcus Martin, who was signed as an undrafted rookie free agent out of Slippery Rock earlier this month.
Griefologist and Founder of the Australian institute for Loss and Grief Rosemary Wanganeen, continues to investigate the attitude toward individuals who are grieving . Today they examine the subject of Suppression within an unresolved Loss and Grief perspective.
A teenager was told today jail is "almost inevitable" after admitting causing the deaths of two passengers when their car left the road and hit a tree.
Benjamin Bowden, 19, appeared at Hull Crown Court this morning for sentencing following the deaths Levi Dickinson, 16, and 17-year-old Rhogan Jones in the accident at Howden in February.
The packed court was told Bowden, of Broadway, Goole, held a provisional driving licence at the time.
The three were in Bowden's Volkswagen Polo when it came off a bend in Barnhill Lane, close to the Knedlington crossroads.
Bowden pleaded guilty to two counts of causing death by careless driving and two counts of causing death while being an unlicensed driver at Beverley Magistrates last month.
Two counts of driving while uninsured have been left to lie on the file.
Defence solicitor John Thackray told the hearing Bowden understood they were facing an immediate custodial sentence.
They said the teenager had been having suicidal thoughts, panic attacks, and was experiencing lack of sleep and depression.
Judge Jeremy Richardson QC adjourned the case until next Wednesday for a GP's report, telling Bowden it was "almost inevitable" that they would be sent to prison.
They were released on bail with the same conditions and warned that if they failed to attend they would be sentenced in theirs absence.
The hearing was interrupted when Miss Dickinson's brother Antony caused a ruckus, coming into court late and saying to the Judge, when challenged: "I am just showing my respect mate. I am here for my Mum and Dad. I am here for my baby sister."
The Judge - who said they would not be addressed as "mate" - sent them briefly to the cells for "smirking as if it was some kind of joke."
But Mr Dickinson apologised when they were brought back to the courtroom, and they were let off and escorted off the premises.
JEREMY Corbyn could step down as Labour leader if the party's fortunes do not improve before the 2020 general election, a key ally has hinted.
Unite union chief Len McCluskey said Mr Corbyn and shadow chancellor John McDonnell were “not egomaniacs” and would not try to “cling on” at the head of the party.
Mr McCluskey said the leader and Mr McDonnell would “examine” the situation if Labour's poll ratings remained “awful” a year before the scheduled election.
They told the Daily Mirror that Mr Corbyn should be given the time to prove themselves as Labour leader.
But they added that the situation could change if Theresa May did not call an early election and Labour was still struggling in 2019.
“Let's suppose we are not having a snap election. It buys into this question of what happens if we get to 2019 and opinion polls are still awful,” they said.
“The truth is everybody would examine that situation, including Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell.”
They added: “These two are not egomaniacs, they are not desperate to cling on to power for power's sake.”
Mr McCluskey, who faces a challenge to their post as Unite general secretary from rival Gerard Coyne, warned that Labour needed to sort out its position on immigration and “get its narrative right on free movement” in order to avoid losing ground to Ukip.
They said: “We need to expose what Ukip stand for; not just anti-foreign but anti-workers' rights, their hidden agenda on the NHS and welfare state.
“But it will only work if ordinary people believe Labour is listening to their concerns and has solutions.”
They said their position as one of Mr Corbyn's strongest backers was “always based on critical support”.
“It's my job to promote Unite's policies, not Labour's,” they said.
They claimed Mr Coyne was “being used by the right wing of Labour to try to have a proxy war about Corbyn”.
But Mr Coyne said: “I am astonished and deeply concerned that, at a time like this, Len McCluskey should deliver what amounts to a public ultimatum to the leader of the Labour Party.
“My criticism of their handling of the role of general secretary of Unite is not whether they have backed the right leader or the wrong leader of the Labour Party, but that they appear to think it is their job to be Labour's puppet master.
“In 2015 and in 2016, they decided the Labour Party should be led by Jeremy Corbyn, and spent hundreds of thousands of pounds of Unite members' money to make that happen.
“It is not in the interest of Unite's members that the general secretary should spend so much of their time and their money playing politics.
“We are entering a momentous year. Article 50 will be triggered within less than three months, and the Government will enter into negotiations that will have an immense and lasting impact on the lives and working conditions of our members.
“Yet at this time of great insecurity for 1.4 million Unite members and their jobs, all Len McCluskey can talk about is the insecurity of Jeremy's job.”
Belly On World Cafe
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dylan Eddinger/WXPN Dylan Eddinger/WXPN
In 1995, Bill Watterson, the author of the Calvin and Hobbes comic strip, decided to end it even though it seemed like the comic was in its prime. Since then, Bill has said, "It's better to leave the party early." Belly, our guest in this session did the very same thing. The band had explosive success with the debut album Star in 1993 and was all over MTV with the hit song "Feed the Tree." Belly released the follow-up King in 1995, grabbing the cover of Rolling Stone in the spring of that year. But by the fall, Belly broke up. To some people, they left the party early.
But that doesn't mean you can't throw another party later. In 2016, Belly reunited for some shows, and has since made a new album called Dove that came out at the beginning of the month.
All four members of the band — Tanya Donelly, Gail Greenwood, Tom and Chris Gorman — have been cranking out creative projects in the time since, including solo albums for Tanya, tours for Gail and photography for Tom and Chris. But when they came into World Cafe, it seemed like Belly is the party they all want to be attending right now.
Over the course of five-and-a-half years, the MV Dara wreck lying 20 metres below the surface has become a hub of marine life, as well as a popular dive site.
“The sinking of the MV Dara was a terrible tragedy at the time, and everyone at Sharjah Museums Department continues to pay our respects to those who lost loves ones,” said Manal Ataya, director-general of the Sharjah Museums Department. “Over the course of time, the wreck has spawned new life and has become a vital part of the marine ecosystem in our waters.”
BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox' lineup has stayed hot against the Toronto Blue Jays, but they will be without their best hitter again Wednesday afternoon.
Red Sox star outfielder Mookie Betts will miss their fourth straight game with left side tightness, according to Red Sox manager Alex Cora, though it appears they will be ready for the series against the Houston Astros tomorrow.
"Just another day," Cora said. "It makes sense to see how they react to treatment and everything that he's doing in there. If he's OK, most likely they will be in the lineup tomorrow."
Betts could be heard throwing a medicine ball against the wall before the game.  They are batting .359 with 17 home runs and 13 stolen bases so far this year, and is among the leading candidates for AL MVP.
Betts is not the only Red Sox regular out of the starting lineup Wednesday. Mitch Moreland and Dustin Pedroia will each start on the bench after playing Tuesday night. Pedroia earned their first hit of the season Tuesday, while Moreland had an RBI double in the game.
Cora said they had conversations with both Pedroia and Moreland about being the designated hitter Wednesday, but ultimately decided to give both players a rest and insert Eduardo Nunez at DH. J.D. Martinez will start in left field, while Andrew Benintendi plays in center field and Jackie Bradley Jr. plays in right.
Here's a look at the full Red Sox lineup.
RED SOX LINEUP
1. Andrew Benintendi CF
2. Xander Bogaerts SS
3. J.D. Martinez LF
4. Rafael Devers 3B
5. Eduardo Nunez DH
6. Brock Holt 2B
7. Blake Swihart 1B
8. Christian Vazquez C
9. Jackie Bradley Jr. RF
Pitching matchup: LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (5-1, 4.02 ERA) vs. RHP Sam Gaviglio (2-0, 2.30).
Coroners are appealing for information to help trace the relatives of a Leeds man who has died.
Phillip Ledgard is thought to have lived in Leeds for around 20 years, most recently off Old Farm Parade in West Park.
Police said the 64-year-old, who is believed to have had a son, died yesterday.
Their death is not being treated as suspicious.
Anyone with information on the relatives of Mr Ledgard is asked to contact Coroner's Officer Marie Silvester on 01924 292301.
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
The United States and South Korea are "moving forward" on the deployment of a US missile defense system in the Asian ally as tensions soar over North Korea's missile programs, the Pentagon said Monday.Last week, the South Korean government determined that noise and radiation levels were negligible near the site of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) battery in Seongju, southeastern South Korea."They're moving forward," Col. Rob Manning, a Pentagon spokesperson, told reporters. "In early May, we got initial intercept capability and they continue to build on that capability."President Moon Jae-in called for installing four additional launchers for the missile shield, despite earlier reluctance, after North Korea tested its second intercontinental ballistic missile in July.The THAAD deployment attests to the closeness of the alliance, according to Manning, who described it by the slogan "Gachi Gapsida," or "Let's go together."The colonel, who recently returned from a two-year stint with the US Forces Korea, said allied joint exercises will proceed as planned later this month.North Korea denounces the drills as a rehearsal for war, sparking concerns tensions will escalate further following a week of harsh rhetoric between Washington and Pyongyang.Last week, US President Donald Trump warned the communist nation will be met with "fire and fury" if it continued to threaten their country. In response, the North announced plans to fire ballistic missiles into waters surrounding the US territory of Guam."We hope that doesn't happen," Manning said of the North's threatened attack. "As the Department of Defense, our job is to make sure we maintain military options and provide that to the president for consideration...But again, this is a diplomatically led effort at this point." (Yonhap)
STILLWATER, Okla. — Jeffrey Carroll scored 26 points, tying a career-high with five 3-pointers, and Kendall Smith added 19 points to help Oklahoma State beat Stanford 71-65 on Monday night in a second-round game of the NIT.
Oklahoma State (21-14) outscored Stanford 29-18 in the fourth quarter to secure a school-record-tying 15th home victory this season. The Cowboys trailed 54-53 before Carroll scored five points during a 12-1 run for the only double-digit lead of the second half.
Mitchell Solomon chipped in with 10 points for the Cowboys, who won a second straight NIT game for the first time in school history in front of a crowd of 9,635. Carroll scored 11 points in the first half as Oklahoma State led 30-29 after assisting on eight of its 12 baskets.
Michael Humphrey scored 15 points and grabbed 20 rebounds for their seventh double-double of the season for Stanford (19-16). Reid Travis added 10 points and 11 rebounds and Dorian Pickens, averaging 14.7 points, was just 3-of-13 shooting for 11 points.
Europe's biggest ever one-day clean-up took place in Limerick on Good Friday. Over 16,500 people took to the streets of Limerick city and county to take part in the occasion.
Sponsored by the JP McManus Benevolent Fund, Team Limerick Clean-up3, (TLC3) is spearheaded by Paul O'Connell and was launched at Pery Square in Limerick city where volunteers joined JP and Paul as they recreated the famous Beatles Abbey Road Album cover in preparation for the massive event.
It is estimated that 50,000 bags of litter will have been collected on the day by the event partner, Mr Binman.
This year, also saw the largest ever tea/coffee gatherings for volunteers which were hosted at over 300 hundred locations throughout the county. These took place in people's homes, community & sports centres and schools where over 9000 people attended to celebrate their clean-ups.
Continue reading below...
Commenting at the launch today, TLC3 sponsor, JP McManus said; “The number of volunteers this year has exceeded all expectations and we are absolutely delighted with the turnout. For me, TLC has become synonymous with Good Friday and being part of the occasion gives me enormous pride. With over 9,000 people joining their friends and neighbours for a cup of tea afterwards, it has become far more than a clean-up, but a way of developing a great community spirit in localities around Limerick.
They added; ““The entire event is a huge community effort from the people of Limerick and we want to thank each and every one of them for taking part.”
Paul O'Connell added: “The comradery that makes TLC such a successful campaign is at an all-time high and we hope that this trend continues with each passing year.
“Some volunteers today were recognisable faces, with members of the Limerick hurling and Munster rugby teams taking part which added to the excitement and atmosphere on the day”.
TLC3 is sponsored by the JP McManus Benevolent Fund and is co-ordinated by Limerick City and County Council and kindly partnered by Limerick's Live 95FM, The Limerick Leader and Mr Binman.
Share this: Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category: Community, News
“We are excited by the number of young women finalists and thrilled that the prize is contributing to their economic empowerment,” Anzisha Prize Associate Melissa Mbazo said. “The success of these women-led businesses will be accelerated by access to Anzisha's financial and mentorship support.”
Fifteen young African entrepreneurs have emerged as finalists from a field of more than 800 applicants for the seventh annual Anzisha Prize, Africa's premier award for their youngest entrepreneurs. Supported by African Leadership Academy (ALA) in partnership with the Mastercard Foundation, the Anzisha Prize celebrates and cultivates the next generation of young African entrepreneurial leaders who are creating job opportunities, solving local development problems and driving economies. Selected from 14 countries, nearly half of all candidates are young women representing sectors as diverse as clean energy, agriculture, waste recycling and youth empowerment. For the first time, candidates from Angola, Liberia, Mauritius, and Sudan entered the competition.
Among these young innovators is 20-year-old Kenyan Gerald Matolo, the young owner of Angaza Africa Technologies which provides a safe and affordable source of household and industrial energy through briquettes. Gerald is passionate about sustainable energy to conserve the environment and protect natural resources. Other entrepreneurs include Liberian Satta Wahab, founder of Naz Naturals, a cosmetics company that creates organic hair care products that empower young girls and women to feel beautiful and confident with their natural hair and Thowiba Alhaj, the founder of Work Jump-Up Sudan, an organisation empowering university students by linking them to job opportunities.
“The calibre and diversity of the young men and women competing for this year's Anzisha Prize is impressive and improves each year,” said Koffi Assouan, Program Manager, Youth Livelihoods at the Mastercard Foundation. “As the pool of Anzisha fellows continues to grow, so too does their impact and influence on local communities and economies.”
Gerald will fly to Johannesburg to attend a 10-day entrepreneurial leadership boot camp where they will be coached on how to pitch their business to a panel of judges for a share of US$100,000 worth of prizes and support. The grand prize winner will receive US$25,000, while the runners-up and third place winners will receive US$15,000 and US$12,500, respectively. The remainder of the prize will be divided among outstanding finalists, including a $10,000 agricultural prize funded by Louis Dreyfus Foundation, as well as four $5,000 challenge prizes to bolster initiatives led by past Anzisha Prize finalists. All other finalists will each receive $2,500 prizes.
Gerald will also benefit from ALA's Youth Entrepreneur Support Unit (YES-U), which provides consulting and training support to Anzisha finalists. This includes the Anzisha Accelerator boot camp, mentorship and consulting services, travel opportunities to network, and business equipment, valued at US$7,500.
As finalists, Gerald will be evaluated by a panel of five experienced judges who have contributed to building youth entrepreneurship in Africa, such as Wendy Luhabe, a pioneering social entrepreneur and economic activist. Laureates will be announced during an inspiring gala evening on October 24, which will include a keynote address from serial entrepreneur Fred Swaniker, founder of both the African Leadership Academy and African Leadership University.
The 2017 finalists for the Anzisha Prize are:
1. Ajiroghene Omanudhowo, 22, Nigeria: Ajiroghene is the founder of three businesses operating under the parent company 360 Needs. ASAFOOD delivers food to universities, ASADROP is a logistics company specializing in parcel delivery and Beta Grades helps students prepare for their exams by providing computer training.
2. Victoria Olimatunde, 15, Nigeria: Victoria is the founder of Bizkids which teaches high school students about financial literacy, savings, money management, and small-scale business management. Bizkids encourages young people to create jobs as entrepreneurs, not just seek jobs as employees.
3. Dina Mohamed Ibrahim, 22, Egypt: Dina is one of the founders of Metro Co-Working Space, which rents work spaces to entrepreneurs and provides workshops and resources from them to thrive. .
4. Edgar Edmund, 17, Tanzania: Edgar is the founder of GreenVenture Tanzania which recycles plastic waste into cheap and affordable building products like paving blocks. GreenVenture helps people build houses while promoting environmental sustainability.
5. Fadwa Moussaif, 22, Morocco: Fadwa is the founder of Boucharouette Eco Creation (B.E.C.) which empowers local women to become independent by using quality fabrics to revive the art of Boucharouette rug-making.
6. Gerald Matolo, 20, Kenya: Gerald the founder of Angaza Africa Technologies, which makes briquette-machines, solid waste carbonization kilns, and processes biomass briquettes.
7. Ibrahima Ben Aziz Konate, 22, Cote D'Ivoire: Ibrahima is the founder Poultry d'Or, a company that processes and distributes poultry products and agro-foods the same day.
8. Ignatius Ahumuza, 21, Uganda: Ignatius is one of the founders of Art Planet Academy, which provides practical agriculture training in schools. Art Planet creates and innovates climate-smart farming technologies, tests them at demonstration farms and incorporates them into a practical agriculture training curriculum.
9. Jessan Kumar Persand, 22, Mauritius: Jessan is the founder of Crab Aquaculture Project (Jessan Seafood), a business that breeds and raises crabs. Jessan produces about 2,000 crabs per month which are sold to hotels and restaurants.
10. Maemu Lambani, 21, South Africa: Maemu is the founder of Fearless Trendz, a digital marketing agency whose aim is to transform growing and local businesses into global brands by using social media.
11. Moonga Chowa, 22, Zambia: Moonga is the founder of Chilimba, a mobile platform that works on any mobile phone and allows savings groups to manage their contributions in an efficient and transparent manner, enabling them to migrate to safer digital money.
12. Rebecca Andrianarisandy, 20, Madagascar: Rebecca is the founder of GasGasy which supplies affordable, environmentally-friendly and sustainable bio-fertiliser made in Madagascar for Malagasy people. It is easier to spray on crops because it is liquid fertilizer. GasGasy acts as an insecticide and is gentle on the soil.
13. Satta Wahab, 21, Liberia: Satta is founder of Naz Naturals, a Liberian cosmetics company that creates organic hair care products from unrefined shea butter and empowers young girls and women to feel beautiful and confident with their natural hair.
14. Thowiba Alhaj, 20, Sudan: Thowiba is one of the founders of Work Jump-Up Sudan, an organisation that intends to empower university students by linking them with job opportunities. Their primary activity is to search for potential employers and encourage them to offer students part-time jobs.
15. Vicente Zau, 19, Angola: Vicente is the founder of Vicente News Company, an online platform that aims to promote African music, mainly Angolan music, across the continent to encourage the growth and development of African music in foreign countries.
Keep up with the latest news, meet the finalists, hear more about their ventures, and watch the awards gala live on YouTube.
Distributed by African Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of African Leadership Academy (ALA).
Pedro delivers heartfelt ode to Montreal, Griffin, Feb. 2
Two players were just elected to Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame: Pedro Martinez, four seasons with the Montreal Expos and Lloyd Moseby, 10 seasons with the Toronto Blue Jays.
The Toronto Star's coverage: 14 column inches and a glowing interview with Martinez, then five column inches and a perfunctory interview with Moseby.
I realize sports is never a priority among the newspaper sections, but Toronto sports fans deserve better than this.
Rich Griffin is a competent, if self-involved, baseball writer, but they drive this reader (and I suspect many others) crazy with their never-ending, always-referencing love affair with the defunct Montreal Expos, from whence they came.
A few months ago, some draft pundits said the Denver Broncos shouldn't select quarterback Baker Mayfield as high as fifth overall. Now it appears that Mayfield may not even be available at fifth overall.
The Cleveland Browns are “definitely” considering Mayfield with the first overall pick, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter (via Browns Wire). And even if the Browns decide to go a different direction, Mayfield seems unlikely to get the New York Jets at No. 3.
Many mock drafts have Mayfield going off the board to the Jets at third overall, but those are, of course, merely mock drafts. Still, Mayfield landing in New York is a logical prediction and it's hard to picture them falling to Denver.
All the speculation will finally turn to action when the draft begins at 6 p.m. MT on Thursday. ESPN, NFL Network and Fox will air every round of the draft live this year.
The third annual SRG Beach Sevens Festival at Borough Rugby Club was another huge success.
Hundreds flocked to Fengate over the weekend to watch 26 teams from all over the UK battle it out in four categories and there was plenty of local success.
Action from one of the ladies matches. Picture: JPC Images
The main competition winners were Oxfam Crusaders, a national squad made up of players from different clubs all over the country, but they were given a run for their money by local side SRG Mercenaries - a team that included Reggie Reed, Duncan Low, Dewi Pearce, Owain Pearce, Stefan Gallucci, Andy Richmond and Adam Peel.
Crusaders now go through to the RFU Regional Sevens finals.
Stamford Colts, Stamford College Old Boys and Hampton Hurricanes all picked up[ trohies.
The Stamford College side was made up of Liam Greenslade, Tyler Houston, Haydn Johns, Aled Pattinson, John Hickman, Alan Flanders and Callum Fraser while ex-Borough players Steve Pretsell, Joel Burpitt, Paul Booth, Reece Harry and Levan Stapleton were in the Hampton squad.
Zulu Warriors celebrate winning the Social Cup. Picture: JPC Images
The Zulu Warriors side that won the social tournament included current Borough first team players Joe Andresen and Tanaka Kanhukamwe.
The trophy winners were;
Ricky Fever Cup Winners - Oxfam Crusaders
Ricky Fever Plate Winners - SRG Mercenaries
Stamford College Old Boys were Social Plate winners. Picture: JPC Images
Insurewise Women's Cup Winners - Loughborough Ladies
Insurewise Women's Plate Winners - Jaz's Minions
Just Let's Social Cup Winners - Zulu Warriors
Just Let's Social Plate Winners - Stamford College Old Boys
The young Stamford Colts side that won the Touch Cup. Picture: JPC Images
Homelink Touch Cup Winners - Stamford Colts
Homelink Touch Plate Winners - Hampton Hurricanes.
Festival organiser Sam Sargeant of SRG Events said: “The rugby was again of a high standard, but the whole weekend had a great fun- chilled vibe to it.
“We broke the bar revenue record this year and drank the club dry of lager. So in my book that's a sign of a top weekend.”
Needles are blighting the city's riverbank, according to the deputy Police and Crime Commissioner for Cambridgeshire.
Andy Coles has called for action to clear up what they described as a “drug den” after they took part in two litter picks on the river edge near Railworld which uncovered many needles and a large amount of dumped rubbish.
A litter pick near the river
Councillor Coles, who also represents Fletton and Woodston on Peterborough City Council, said: “Having lived around the area I know what's going on. But what surprised me was the amount of it.
“The issue for me is that local people know about it, but have not reported it to the authorities in huge numbers.”
Discussing the needles, they said: “I recognise the people tend to be rough sleepers who are hard to reach.
“You need to get rough sleepers back into housing, get them on treatment orders and look at enforcement.
Coun. Andy Cole with volunteers cleaning up the area around the River Nene near Railworld. EMN-170325-195225009
“I do not want to see uncapped syringes in areas where young children play and where dogs are walked.”
Cllr Coles is in discussions with the city's Prevention and Enforcement Service - which consists of council, police, fire service and prison staff - to look at what action can now be taken both north and south of the river.
Writing on their personal website, they declared that the litter pickers “found a shocking amount of drug paraphernalia in the undergrowth. Uncapped dirty needles, syringes, drug spoons and over 70 needle disposal boxes, the majority left empty.
“We have a problem of drink and drug use just off a well-used public footpath.”
Coun Andy Cole with police sergeant Kirsty Hills finding needles and other rubbish. EMN-171104-150116009
They added: “I am also asking for the landowners to do some clearance work so that these areas on the riverbank are no longer welcome to drug users.”
Cllr Coles met with police sergeant Kirsty Hills yesterday to show them the extent of the problem.
A spokesperson said: “The Prevention and Enforcement Service (PES) is aware of this issue and has been focusing activity in the Railworld area as a direct result.
“We understand the importance of this issue and members of the PES are drawing up a response plan to implement shortly.
“The plan will include short term activity such as increased patrols as well as long term activity such as drugs work and homeless support.
“We would encourage any members of the public to report any issues like this to us via the MyPeterborough smartphone app or call 01733 747474.”
NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi was on Monday elected unopposed as the new Congress President, taking over the reins from their mother Sonia Gandhi who was at the helm of the party affairs for 19 years.
Here is a timeline:
March 2004: Rahul Gandhi announced their entry into politics by announcing to contest the Lok Sabha elections in May same year from their father's former constituency Amethi in Uttar Pradesh.
May 2004: They were elected Lok Sabha MP for the first time after winning the polls, retaining the family stronghold with a victory margin of over 1 lakh votes.
September 2007: Rahul Gandhi was appointed the general secretary of the India Congress Committee in a reshuffle of the party secretariat.
September 2007: In the same reshuffle, they were also given charge of the Indian Youth Congress and the National Students Union of India.
January 2013: Rahul Gandhi was elevated to the position of the vice-president of the party.
May 2009: Rahul Gandhi retained their Amethi Lok Sabha seat by defeating their nearest rival by a margin of over 370,000 votes. Their party won 206 seats in the general election.
May 2011: Gandhi was arrested by the Uttar Pradesh Police at Bhatta Parsaul village after they turned out in support of agitating farmers demanding more compensation for their land being acquired for a highway project.
2012 UP Polls: Rahul Gandhi campaigned for their party in the politically crucial Uttar Pradesh election, holding some 200 rallies. However, Congress emerged as the fourth party in the state, winning 28 seats.
May 2014: Rahul Gandhi led the Lok Sabha election campaign of the Congress Party and also for the Amethi seat. They held the seat by defeating their nearest rival, BJP's Smriti Irani, by a reduced margin of 107,000 votes.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency's recall on March 28 affected Robin Hood flour sold in four provinces in Western Canada and was later expanded across the country. Last week, more products were added to the recall, including certain flour goods produced by Ardent Mills of Brampton, Ont. ( Canadian Food Inspection Agency )
OTTAWA—A national recall of flour due to E. coli contamination, which was first announced last month, has been expanded yet again. The Canadian Food Inspection Agency's recall on March 28 affected Robin Hood flour sold in four provinces in Western Canada and was later expanded across the country. Last week, more products were added to the recall, including certain flour goods produced by Ardent Mills of Brampton, Ont. Read more: National flour recall expands to include additional products
Article Continued Below
Robin Hood flour recall expands nationwide over possible E. coli concerns Now Ardent Mills is adding even more items to the list, including various sizes of Robin Hood Best for Blending flour, as well as the brand's bread and roll mix. A complete list of recalled products can be found on the CFIA website.
The federal agency says all recalled products should be thrown out or returned to the store. The agency said after the initial recall there were 26 cases of people being infected with E. coli in British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Alberta and Newfoundland and Labrador. No deaths have been reported, but at least six people required hospital care. Two Alberta law firms announced last week they were filing a class-action lawsuit on behalf of people who bought or consumed Robin Hood flour and became ill.
Read more about:
The Pacific Highway remains closed this morning at Macksville following a fatal crash involving a car and a truck.
The Pacific Highway remains closed this morning at Macksville following a fatal crash involving a car and a truck. Frank Redward
THE Pacific Highway is closed in both directions between Nambucca Heads and Macksville after a fatal crash involving a heavy vehicle and a car.
Emergency services were called to the scene on Saturday about 4am and found a northbound b-double and a southbound sedan had collided in the northbound lanes.
A man driving the car died at the scene, police said.
The truck driver has been taken to Macksville Hospital suffering shock. They will also undergo mandatory tests.
The highway is expected to be closed for some time while the site is examined and the wreckage is removed.
Motorists are advised to avoid the area as lengthy delays are expected.
"Social media is just the latest platform where people can exchange ideas, debate pressing social and political issues, and criticize the government," write Justin Safayeni and Andrea Gonsalves. "But unlike protest marches or pamphlets, political dissent on social media can be silenced in an instant. " ( Leon Neal / GETTY IMAGES )
In the digital era, politicians and government agencies frequently find themselves the subject of criticism on social media. There have been concerning news stories recently of public authorities blocking users or deleting unwelcome posts, effectively silencing dissenting views in popular online forums. This troubling trend has serious implications for the freedom of expression. Citizens should be free to criticize government authorities on social media platforms. Government conduct muzzling such criticism may well be unconstitutional. The right to free expression is a foundational one in any liberal democracy. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights affirms the universal right to freedom of opinion and expression, which “includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.” Closer to home, thanks to the protection of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, Canadians are free to peacefully express ideas and opinions that challenge government, subject only to such reasonable limits as may be justified in a free and democratic society. Over history, the public's right to free expression has been exercised in many different media and forums.
Article Continued Below
Social media is just the latest platform where people can exchange ideas, debate pressing social and political issues, and criticize the government. But unlike protest marches or pamphlets, political dissent on social media can be silenced in an instant. No need for riot police or bookstore raids. All you need is the click of a button by a website administrator or Twitter account holder. This is the paradox of social media as a tool for political dissent: exercising freedom of expression is easier than ever before, but so is censorship. Repeated examples of such censorship have been reported in recent months. South of the border, lawsuits have been filed against President Trump and two Republican governors claiming they violated the First Amendment rights of individuals they blocked from accessing their official social media accounts.
Here in Canada, there is a growing list of informal complaints by individuals who have been blocked from seeing or communicating on politicians' official social media accounts — including the official account of at least one federal cabinet minister. And in a story reported earlier this month, the Canadian Transportation Agency repeatedly removed a negative comment posted on the Agency's Facebook page by an airline passenger rights activist. Despite requests, the agency has apparently failed to explain what, if anything, is “unproven or inaccurate” about the post. This kind of conduct may violate the charter right to free expression. Political expression — particularly on government property — lies at the heart of that right and is deserving of the utmost protection. As former Supreme Court of Canada Justice Claire L'Heureux-Dubé once wrote, “The liberty to comment on and criticize existing institutions and structures is an indispensable component of a ‘free and democratic society'. It is imperative for such societies to benefit from a multiplicity of viewpoints which can find fertile sustenance through various media of communication.” Government agencies that remove negative Facebook comments, or Parliamentarians who block critical Twitter followers on their official accounts, are state actors interfering with the constitutionally protected right of constituents to voice opinions on social and political issues in the online equivalent of government property. Of course, no right is absolute. The charter accepts reasonable limits on the freedom of expression. Before the digital era, such limits were recognized where necessary to maintain law and order, combat hate speech, preserve an individual's reputation against defamation, or for other pressing and substantial concerns. These same concerns may be legitimate reasons for a government agency or politician to suppress expressive activity online. Indeed, social media can be a breeding ground for racism, harassment, defamation and other vile speech that does little to contribute to the marketplace of ideas and state actors might properly block such communications without breaching the charter. But let's be clear: it is the charter, and the framework developed by courts to interpret and apply the charter, that must govern. The internet is not a charter-free zone where state actors are free to stifle critical or unpopular speech simply because they have readily available tools to do so. Andrea Gonsalves and Justin Safayeni practice media/defamation and constitutional law at Stockwoods LLP, a boutique litigation firm in Toronto.
Read more about:
CHICOPEE - The Police Department is notifying residents that a new Level 3 sex offender has moved into the community.
David Gamelli, 75, is living at 32 Rose St., Police Sgt. Richard Henry said.
Gamelli is described as white, 5 feet, 7 inches tall, weighing about 215 pounds. Their hair is gray and their eyes are brown.
They were convicted in January of 1999 of indecent assault and battery on a child under 14, Henry said.
There are more than 40 Level 3 sex offenders living in the city. The Level 3 offenders are those most likely to re-offend and are required to register with the local department every year.
None of the Level 3 offenders are wanted by police. It is also illegal to harass an offender, police said.
Sushi lovers are in for treat with Peterborough set to get its first taste of fresh sushi.
A “Sushi Daily” outlet is set to be created in the city's Waitrose store off Bourges Boulevard, offering sushi which has been freshly made in-store, after the retailer gave notice to the city council's planners of its intentions.
Sushi Daily at Waitrose.
Sushi Daily is the European market leader in sushi bars and counters.
The Sushi Daily counters are headed by a team of skilled sushi artisans, who will be preparing fresh products in front of customers throughout the day.
The product offer consists of a wide range of hand-made and sustainably sourced sushi and maki, for Waitrose customers to purchase with their supermarket shop.
A dedicated phone line will also be available for those looking to make larger ‘platter' orders, catering for meetings and parties.
Peterborough's Waitrose store.
At the time of the launch of the first, in Waitrose's Battersea store in November 2015, a spokesperson said: “Our customers' lifestyles are changing with the growth of eating on the move - and we are responding to this shift with our continuously developing food-to-go offering, including the new sushi feature.
“Customers are increasingly attracted by products that can deliver for them on quality, convenience and health and sushi does this brilliantly. Having seen great growth in our excellent pre-packed sushi offer, we are excited to be able to now add in-store prepared sushi to our rapidly increasing range of hospitality offers. Whether for lunch or for later, we hope that customers enjoy both the outstanding quality of this new offer and the convenience, colour and interest it will bring to our shops.”
Mayweather coming back to fight UFC star McGregor Aug. 26
Floyd Mayweather Jr. and UFC star Conor McGregor will meet Aug. 26 in a boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world.
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday, after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would come out of retirement at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing match.
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of themselves next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face the Irish UFC superstar at the MGM Grand arena. They had tweeted a picture of themselves sparring in recent days to show they were already getting ready for the bout.
“This is really an unprecedented event,” said Stephen Espinoza, who heads Showtime Sports, which will handle the pay-per-view. “Really we haven't seen anything in modern history that resembles it, it's impossible to predict how many sales this will do.”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather's team pushed for the fight in recent days.
“All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done,” they said. “The sky's the limit on this.”
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
“As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it,” Espinoza said.
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
———
This story has been corrected to show that Mayweather is 40 years old, not 41.
Michael Flynn Left The Trump White House This Week. Here's How That Happened
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what they said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," they say.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," they say in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that then-President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but they also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," they say. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
They added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to them directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In their confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
They say that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if they could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This proves to be untrue, as two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that a call took place on Dec. 29.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to them about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from John Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations" as well as "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer later reports at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions, they couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, they admit accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee, says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom
Statewide Program Offers FREE Mammograms to Eligible Women
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO)-October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Many physicians use this time to encourage women to get mammograms but what if you cannot afford one? There is a program in our state that can help.
When it comes to breast cancer, medical experts say early detection can increase survival chances tremendously. The Best Chance Network is designed to help women around the state do just that.
“It's a grant funded program through the center of disease control and what it does is provide breast and cervical cancer screening services for women who may be uninsured, under-insured, or may have some other type of issue that may prevent them from being able to afford breast or cervical cancer screening services,” said Stephanie Hinton, director of DHEC's Cancer Prevention Control Division.
With breast cancer being the most commonly diagnosed form of cancer in women, the program aims to serve many South Carolinians.
“Annually, we usually estimate there are about a 100,00 women in South Carolina on it but annually our program typically screens about 12,000 women,” Hinton said.
You may qualify for the program if you are a woman living in South Carolina, in between the ages of 30 and 64, have a deductible or one thousand dollars or more, or meet certain income eligibility requirements.
If you feel you may be eligible, experts encourage you to reach out to DHEC.
“It's very important for everyone to understand that getting screened and early detection is vital. We are definitely here to help and if you need any assistance, please reach out to us.”
There are more than 400 providers around the state who work with the network to offer screenings and follow ups. To learn more about the network, visit this webpage or call Cancer Prevention and Control Program at (803) 898-1615.
TAMPA, Fla. -- One week after a deadly crash on Bayshore Boulevard, a homeowners' association is paying to increase police presence in the area in the hopes of slowing down drivers.
Police said racing teenagers hit and killed a mom and their toddler as they crossed Bayshore last week. The crash is raising questions about safety on the bayfront roadway.
“We're actually afraid to walk on Bayshore,” said Gloria Jiunta, who lives in a condominium on the road.
Adding crosswalks and making changes to the road design takes time, so a homeowners' association in the area is taking action on its own.
“We felt like we wanted to do something to alleviate some of the concerns, and this is something we could do immediately,” said Chelsea Johnson, president of the Bayshore Beautiful Homeowners' Association.
The HOA is paying to have more Tampa police officers in the area. They'll be working "extra duty,” which means they'll be able to stop people for speeding or any other crime.
The city has already taken a step to slow down drivers, lowering the speed limit from 40 mph to 35 mph. People who live on Bayshore hope increasing police presence helps even more.
“I think it's wonderful,” Jiunta said. “I'd like them all along Bayshore.”
It's a small change the HOA says will make people feel safer, and maybe even save lives.
“I hope that something like what happened last week never happens again,” Johnson said.
The Bayshore Beautiful Homeowners Association is initially paying $2,500 to the Tampa Police Department. That'll last about a month.
They're calling this a pilot program, so they'll decide if they want to keep paying for it based on how this first month goes.
The HOA is accepting contributions on its website. You can also mail a check designated for the Police Patrol Fund to its P.O. box.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
There were protests in some major cities yesterday – for and against the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), the police anti-violent crimes fighting machine.
The unit has been accused of brutality against innocent citizens.
A group of people promoting the scrapping of the unit surfaced in the social media recently, using the #EndSARS hashtag.
Following the massive campaign, Inspector General of Police Ibrahim Idris promised to restructure and reposition the unit. Police spokesperson Jimoh Moshood said to end SARS was to leave the field open for armed robbers to operate freely.
In Abuja, Awka, the Anambra State capital, and Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital, protests erupted yesterday.
In Abuja, the Concerned Men and Women Association of Nigeria, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), rejected the call for the SARS to be disbanded.
The coordinator of the association, Alhaji Sanusi Ajiya, said Nigerians do not support scrapping the unit.
Ajiya said instead of calling for the scrapping of the unit, Nigerians should seek its restructuring and monitoring of its activities.
“The recent campaign in the social media calling for the scrapping of the SARS is not in the interest of Nigerians,” they said.
But a coalition of civil society groups issued a 21-day ultimatum for the scrapping of the SARS, “failing which we will be compelled to resort to other measures to embarrass them (government) into taking action.”The #EndSARS coalition which staged a protest at the Unity Fountain, Abuja, also demanded the investigation of various allegations against operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad and prosecution of indicted personnel.
The convener of the protest, Segun Awosanya said: “We demand thorough investigations into complaints filed against SARS officers. We demand that such officers be identified and immediately brought to justice. In some cases, we will provide video and pictorial evidence against officers who have been seen to be involved in such acts of brutality and extortion.”
”We give the authorities 21 days within which to meet these demands, failing which we will be compelled to resort to other measures to embarrass them into taking action.”
Some protesters also visited the police headquarters in support of SARS activities.
Deputy Inspector-General of Police (Operations) Joshak Habila, who addressed them, said: “All allegations against SARS will be investigated, they are being put together by the Force Public Relations Officer. The reason we are doing this is because we believe SARS has something to offer, but anyone found wanting will be taken out of the force.
“The Police Community Relations Committee has been telling us some of the wrongs we did and today they are saying they won't want SARS to be thrown away. The IG is rebranding SARS. Those that have violated peoples rights or kill won't go unpunished.”
In Awka, a group of youths staged the peaceful protest to back SARS under the aegis of concerned Anambra citizens and non-indigenes
Drawn from various local government areas in the state, they converged on Awkuzu, Oyi Local Government, carrying placards with various inscriptions, such as “Removal of SARS, an invitation to kidnapping, robbery”; “We want crime free Christmas and new year” and “Let SARS be”, among others.
The convener and the Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Political Matters, Okafor Emeka, said the protest was to drive home their warning against the consequences of scrapping the unit.
They attributed the relative peace in the state to the active and aggressive operations of that arm of the police.
Police Community Relations Committee Chair Francis Ezenwankwo, said those calling for the scraping of the unit had selfish and ulterior motives.
Ezenwankwo said: “We have a system where erring officers are disciplined, including redeployment, training and retraining, to bring out the best from them.”
Obiano's aide, who handed over the letter written to the Commissioner of Police, Garba Umar, pleaded with the IGP to use their good offices to ensure that SARS remains in the state.
The Deputy Commissioner of Police, Chris Owolabi, who represented the commissioner of Police, praised the youths for their peaceful conduct.
They assured that their message would be delivered to the appropriate authorities.
According to the estimates, about 30,000-40,000 militants of various groups are currently operating in Southern Syria.
Most of them belong to Hay'at Tahrir al Sham and ISIS terrorist groups. In addition to them the following groups are in Daraa and Quneitra provinces:
PHOENIX (AP) - The deadline for college players to withdraw from the NBA draft has a widespread impact, from the individuals involved to their families to the teams who may select them in June.
The decisions made on or just before Wednesday's deadline also will have a lasting effect on the 2018-19 college basketball season. Teams losing key players will have to find replacements, possibly ending up in rebuilding mode. Teams who get their stars back will be eyeing NCAA Tournament runs.
A rundown of how some of the top teams fared at the NBA draft deadline:
WINNERS
AUBURN. Not only did coach Bruce Pearl pull together one of the nation's top recruiting classes despite the program being caught up in an FBI investigation, they will have three of their top underclassmen back. Bryce Brown, Jared Harper and Austin Wiley all opted to withdraw from the draft, possibly putting the Tigers in position to contend for an SEC title.
NORTH CAROLINA. Luke Maye, an AP third-team All-American, decided to come back after testing the NBA waters, giving the Tar Heels three returning starters to go with the program's best recruiting class in years. They averaged 16.9 points and 10.1 rebounds last season.
GONZAGA. The Zags could have been in a tough spot if Rui Hachimura, Killian Tillie and Zach Norvell had all decided to leave early. All three are back, putting Gonzaga in position for another deep NCAA Tournament run.
PURDUE. The Boilermakers lost four key seniors, but the return of Carsen Edwards, a Big Ten player of the year candidate, and Nojel Eastern leave them in good shape for 2018-19.
FLORIDA. The Gators faced the prospect of losing their leading scorer from last season when Jalen Hudson declared for the draft. They didn't hire an agent and announced Tuesday that he's coming back for their senior season, which should help Florida remain competitive in the SEC.
LOSERS
VILLANOVA. The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early. The Wildcats knew they'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents. Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them, both saying this week they will remain in the draft.
MARYLAND. The Terps knew they'd be without Justin Jackson after they signed with an agent. The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow some, but the sharpshooting forward opted on Wednesday to remain in the draft, leaving Maryland without its top two players. At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando, who decided to return for their sophomore season.
STANFORD. Reid Travis' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft. That should have been good news for the Cardinal, but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them, Travis announced they would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer.
MIXED BAG
CLEMSON. The Tigers got good news when leading scorer Marcquise Reed and starting guard Shelton Mitchell decided to return. The backcourt duo helped the Tigers return to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2011 and reach the program's first Sweet 16 since 1997.
BOSTON COLLEGE. The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson, the ACC's second-leading scorer, opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft. Their return would've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program's first NCAA bid since 2009. The good news: Ky Bowman, the ACC's top returning scorer, decided to withdraw from the draft.
UCLA. The Bruins lost one of the nation's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March. UCLA's big loss was offset, at least to a degree, by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood. The Bruins are still waiting for first-year student forward Cody Riley to announce their decision.
KANSAS. The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent. But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced they will return for their junior season instead of remaining in the draft.
MICHIGAN STATE. The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents to leave school early. Michigan State received good news this week, though, when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing.
___
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Seema Malhotra is joining the Real Housewives of Cheshire once again.
The clothing brand boss will be back on our screens for more drama when the series returns to ITVBe next week.
And they promise that she's ready for action.
The fashion designer's life is as crazy as ever, and we'll see it all.
Between heading to Paris Fashion Week with their husband Sandeep to promote their Forever Unique brand and welcoming their sons Neil and Aaron home from their studies, it's all been happening, but they love every minute of it.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Chatting exclusively to Mirror Online, Seema said: "I'm so excited, we're halfway through [filming] at the moment, it's so funny, I think it's going to be the best one so far.
"It's got everything - it's got cringey moments, explosive moments, funny moments, there are actually a lot of surprises in this one, it's been hiliarious."
This series has seen original housewife Leeane Brown leave the show, and Paddy McGuinness' wife Christine join.
It comes after a lot of drama in their life, sparked when husband Paddy was pictured arm-in-arm with All Saints babe Nicole Appleton on a night out in London.
But given everything that's been going on, does Seema think Christine is a good fit for the show?
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
They told us: "We just met them last week and it's a breath of fresh air. Sometimes it's nice to throw someone in the mix, I love it and I love meeting new people.
"I embrace everyone and I've known them for a couple of years because she'd always come to us for them dresses.
"I'm looking forward to doing more filming with them I think they will be a good fit, she's a strong character and she's got a voice and she's very opintionated."
Stunning Seema added: "Behind closed doors everybody has something going on in their lives and I don't know when it's a good time or a bad time, but she's all good and they said, 'I just want to focus on this'.
"It's something she's wanted to do for quite some time, I've spoken to them and she's really up for it and it seems like she's in a good place.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
"I got asked in series one to join and for me it just wasn't the right time, I was crazy at work and didn't know much about the show but by series three I was ready to join. She'll smash it."
And glam Seema is promising that this series will bring plenty of drama and arguments between the housewives.
They also admitted that they always watch it back to check what the others are saying about them
They said: "I watch it back, obviously we have a reunion at the end of the show and it's really vital because when we're filming you never know what they're saying about you, so I watch it to see what everyone is thinking about me.
(Image: Rex Features)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"It is hard but I'm dead comfortable in my skin and the best way to be on this show is just to be yourself and what you see in the show is what I am in my real life
"I am a voice of reason and I don't really like arguments, it's not nice, I am very much trying to get on with everyone.
"Everyone is so different so it is hard because you know what women are like. Some times it shocks me when it goes nuts, but it's all real and we actually forget the cameras are there and things get sad in the heat of the moment and it's not until you watch it back that you think, 'god did I actually say that?'"
* The Real Housewives of Cheshire returns to ITVBe on Monday, March 26 at 10pm.
Every winter, hundreds of cub scouts look forward to a day of fun at the Gamehaven Reservoir Park in Rochester.
And why not? There are plenty of activities to be excited about.
"We've been sledding, we had ice fishing and also while we were ice fishing you can also do ice bowling and ice golfing," Elias Corson, a Cub Scout, said.
"One of my favorites was when we went ice fishing because my dad was so sure we were not going to catch any fish and we caught more than anyone which was seven," Lucas, another Cub Scout, said.
But for many of the folks there, the tubing is their favorite part
"We go down so fast we can't even stop each other," Connor, another Cub Scout, said.
With all the fun, sometimes there's its important to have some downtime, which included going for a sleigh ride.
And the day isn't just for the kids, it's an event for the whole family, who don't normally get to join in on Cub Scouts Activities.
"It's just a fun time to go out and enjoy Minnesota in the middle of the winter," Eric Corson, Elias's dad, said.
Sometimes the parent's like this day more than their kids, especially because of the bonding time.
"One of the best experiences a father can have with their son is being outside enjoying the outdoors in Minnesota in the winter," Corson said.
It's not often winter days are this nice, but thanks to low winds, everyone lived the day to the fullest.
"Yeah so you got sun and snow, and fun and family and it's Minnesota at it's finest," Corson said.
Thermatak,EnergyPac,SteamPac,boilers,burners,condensate return systems,heaters,heat transfer Source: The Fulton Companies
The Fulton Companies manufacture heat transfer equipment for use in a wide range of industrial and commercial applications. Fulton steam and hot water boilers, pulse combustion boilers, thermal fluid heaters, and accessory equipment are in service worldwide. Comprised of Fulton Boiler Works, Inc. and Fulton Thermal Corporation, The Fulton Companies are headquartered in Pulaski, NY, USA with manufacturing and sales facilities in Bristol, England; Aurora, Ontario, Canada; and Hangzhou, China.
The Fulton Companies' reputation for excellence begins with 50 years' experience in the heat transfer field. Committed to the development and manufacture of high quality products, Fulton backs up those products with a complete after sales program of warranties, technical, informational, and service assistance.
Fulton provides heat process systems that are fully packaged, efficient, economical, easy to install and operate-all designed with the knowledge it takes to make it the best system for your application.
A section of a major road near Stockton has been blocked following a collision involving a car and a motorbike.
A section of the A426 at the Calias Lane crossroads near the Boat Inn north of Stockton has been blocked after a traffic incident.
Police are in attendance with ambulance service.
There are no reports of serious injuries at this time.
The incident was reported to the police at approximately 4:30pm.
A woman has spoken of the moment they heard an "enormous explosion" as a helicopter crashed in North Yorkshire.
At 1.23pm today, officers received reports of the crash in a crop field at Aldborough near Boroughbridge.
Katie McCann, of London, who grew up in the village, said the crash took place behind Aldborough Hall.
They were in their mother's house when they heard what sounded like an "out of control plane or helicopter".
"The clouds are quite low here today and it's not great weather.
"Then I heard an enormous explosion."
Credit: Katie McCann.
The 53-year-old looked out the window and "black smoke was everywhere and I just flew out of the house because I thought it was an airplane".
A man with two boys was on the phone trying the direct emergency services, and Ms McCann helped.
"You couldn't see anything," they said. "There was so much smoke.
"[One man] said they had seen it. It was a red and white helicopter.
"He said it had climbed up into the cloud like it was trying to recover itself, and then dropped like a stone."
Pictures supplied by Ms McCann showed a Yorkshire Air Ambulance attending the scene afterward the crash.
"That arrived 10 minutes later," they said. "I couldn't believe how fast they arrived."
It also only took the first fire engine around three minutes to turn up, they added.
Locals had told them a helicopter landed in the nearby Boroughbridge area at around 8.30am this morning.
Officers have cordoned off the area and are currently conducting a search of the scene.
Fire and ambulance crews have also attended the scene.
Police are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties.
It was earlier thought to have been a light aircraft which came down in a field.
Fire crews from Boroughbridge, Knaresborough, Harrogate and Ripon attended, it is understood.
CAUTION: This recap and analysis from “Solo: A Star Wars Story” contains spoilers.
Don't underestimate Qi'ra.
In “Solo: A Star Wars Story,” they come off as a survivor, just like Tobias Beckett labels them But he's wrong. Qi'ra, played by Emilia Clarke, is much more than that. In fact, the final scene of the movie begs the question as to whether she's been in control from the moment they run into Han at Dryden Vos' bar until they later kills Vos. They go from opportunist to black market mogul in a matter of minutes with a double dose of misdirection.
The moment felt quite a bit like Kylo Ren murdering Snoke. The audience is led to believe Ren is good. But then it becomes clear: Ren is simply trying to fulfil the natural path of every Sith: kill the master, take on a new apprentice. In this case, they may have asserted themselves as a trainee, not a master.
And there it is: Qi'ra feels like Sith.
She's got a teacher: Darth Maul.
Where did they come from? Well, Maul made it away from their duel against Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn (which we saw in episode one) without their legs but with their life. They recover by getting a pair of robotic legs and becoming a crime lord. Eventually, they head Red Dawn. That's where we find them in this film.
After killing Vos (with extravagant sword skills for a street rat), Qi'ra meets by hologram with Darth Maul, who says he's interested in working more closely with Qi'ra in the future. Have they already been teaching her? Is that who taught them to wield a sword? Maul shows their red lightsaber, an indicator he's still in the business of manipulating the force, even in their new line of work. The timeline is such that he's has been supplanted by Count Dooku as apprentice to the emperor. But Maul could very well take on an apprentice to start their own Sith Lite sect.
If Qi'ra is as force-powerful, they may have seemed like a bystander while engineering their ascent to supplant Vos. (Think about how Palpatine engineered their way to emperor on a much grander scale.)
While the film only featured one lightsaber (and no Jedi), we may have been looking at at a deeply powerful force-wielder in Qi'ra. Perhaps they and Darth Maul will indeed be working more closely with one another in the coming movies (there are supposed to be two more “Solo” films). Perhaps they will train in the dark side of the force. Perhaps she'll build their own lightsaber.
There's one thing that debunks this theory: Han is not a believer of the force's power in “A New Hope.” If Qi'ra becomes a prominent antagonist and Han continues to be this three-movie series' protagonist, won't they run into their force powers? Would they hide them from him? Well, they hid their motives of skyrocketing up the food-chain of Red Dawn. Perhaps she'd do the same as a Sith. It may not be something they are exceedingly proud of — and perhaps they want to protect Han from this new (dark) side of their personality.
Because we've met so few force-wielding females in the galaxy far-far away, it's fair to wonder: Is Qi'ra connected to another one of the characters in these movies? Could they be a family member to one of the other important characters? Frankly, I can't help but wonder whether they might be Rey's mother.
Does Qi'ra seem like she'd abandon a loved one on a desert-ridden planet? Absolutely. That's what they just did to Han at the end of “Solo.”
Qi'ra is roughly the same age as Han. Rey is roughly the same age as Kylo Ren. From an age and generational standpoint, they match up. And while in episode eight, Ren claims Rey's parents were nobodies, I'm not totally willing to abandon the idea that Disney isn't interested in giving them force-powerful bloodlines.
Regardless of whether Qi'ra has significant relatives, they should become a major antagonist in the coming movies. Here's hoping their character steps into the spotlight in more prominent fashion.
NEW YORK — The New York Jets signed former Lions linebacker Brandon Copeland and re-signed defensive lineman Xavier Cooper on Monday.
Copeland missed last season after tearing a pectoral muscle during the preseason. They had 30 tackles and one forced fumble in 32 games the previous two seasons with the Lions.
The 26-year-old Copeland is expected to serve as a backup on defence and be a key part of the Jets' special teams unit.
"Too many different levels of excitement to put into words," Copeland told the Jets' website. "Coming off of injured reserve, having to sit every Sunday, Monday and Thursday and watching other people play, I'm first and foremost excited to get back to the game that I love."
They signed with Baltimore as an undrafted free agent out of Penn in 2013 and spent time later that season on Tennessee's practice squad. After signing with Orlando of the Arena Football League in 2015, Copeland impressed Detroit after participating in the NFL Veterans Combine. Their grandfather, Roy Hilton, played for the Baltimore Colts against the Jets in the Super Bowl in 1969.
"He played defensive end against Joe Namath and all those guys," Copeland said. "I know he's going to be very proud of their grandson and now my job is to continue to make them proud."
Cooper was not tendered as a restricted free agent, but was brought back to serve as a rotational defensive lineman. They had 16 tackles and one sack in eight games, and their play increased when Muhammad Wilkerson was benched at the end of last season.
Cooper was a third-round pick by Cleveland out of Washington State in 2015. They have also spent time with San Francisco, and has 56 career tackles and three sacks.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
× Expand BIC Alliance and Dräger at WEFTEC 2017
Steven Hahn and Edozie Eze of Dräger meet with Tom Derrah of BIC Alliance at the WEFTEC 2017 Conference in Chicago, Illinois.
Singer/songwriter Dua Lipa attends the Universal Music Group 2018 Grammy After Party at Spring Studios in New York, NY on January 28, 2018. (Photo by Stephen Smith/SIPA USA)
So many great B96 artists on T.V. this weekend…including Dua Lipa on Saturday Night Live (Natalie Portman is the host) ! Get details and see a listener Q&A with them below!
Leslie Lee “Bud” Johnson, 87, of Colby, died Saturday, Aug 12, 2017. They were born on Friday, May 23, 1930 to Lureta (Cayton) and Walter L. Johnson in Colby, KS.
Bud grew up and attended school in Colby where their parents farmed and had a seed business, and young Bud got strong lifting 100-pound bags of seed wheat under each arm. At thirteen they went with their dad to load peaches to bring back to Colby and ended up staying in Colorado to load railroad cars of peaches, which further made their arm wrestling reputation grow. At fourteen they came back home and began driving a gas track. in their twenties they started their truck line hauling wheat to Kansas City and loading steel back this direction. They also enjoyed hauling hay for farmers..
They married Donna Mae Weis on January 17, 1957. Their children are Sharon (Mike) Shirley and Michael Lee (Lana) Johnson.
In their prime Bud started their cattle hauling business, Leslie L. Johnson Trucking. They built their business to include eleven tractor trailers and several lease operators. In their 40's they sold their trucks and retired. They came out of retirement to work for Service Oil hauling gasoline for twenty more years. Their passion was over the road trucking, so they purchased three trucks and trailers and began hauling confectionery sunflower seeds for Johnson Transport until they were 75. Health required that Bud could no longer drive but they stayed active in the business watching out for their drivers and trucks.
They were preceded in death by their parents; wife, Donna on February 27, 1997 and sister Joyce Boulware.
 They are survived by their children; grandchildren, Michael L. (Cassie) Shirley, Nichelle (Chris) Carroll, Alisha (Lyle) Dixson, Karli Kriss, Jada (Luke) Tubbs, Jerad (Brittney) Johnson, Jenna (Andrew) Brunner and twenty great grandchildren.
A private family service was held at the Sacred Heart Catholic Cemetery in Colby on Monday, August 14, 2017. Memorials are suggested to the Sacred Heart Catholic School in care of Baalmann Mortuary, PO Box 391, Colby KS 66601. For information or condolences visit www.baalmannmortuary.com
CALGARY — Analysts at CIBC have cut their target share price for Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd. and say its future is cloudy in the wake of its deal to sell its biggest current and growth asset — the Trans Mountain pipeline system — to the federal government.
They say, in a research report, the company will be left cash-rich but prospect-poor after it agreed to sell its existing 300,000-barrel-per-day pipeline and the delayed 590,000-bpd expansion project for $4.5 billion.
Kinder Morgan Canada stock fell again Wednesday, continuing the post-deal trend that saw it close nearly three per cent lower at $16.10 on Tuesday. It dipped as low as $15.89 in late Wednesday morning trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
CIBC slashed its 12-month price target to $17 from $22 because of its lower expectations of future growth in revenue and dividends for Kinder Morgan shareholders.
It says the company has a great deal of capital available, given Ottawa's cash deal and the plan of its 70 per cent owner, Houston-based Kinder Morgan, Inc., to spend more than $15 billion in overall growth capital over the next five years.
But the note adds that it's unlikely that an acquisition would allow it to offset the benefit from the $7.4-billion expansion of its Trans Mountain pipeline.
"While accretive options may be surfaced, we do not see a potential transaction as sufficient to offset the potential upside from the Trans Mountain expansion project," the note says.
"Indeed, we question Kinder Morgan Inc.'s willingness to retain Kinder Morgan Canada longer term as it only contributes about two per cent of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) and has reduced growth prospects."
Kinder Morgan Inc. created its Canadian subsidiary in a $1.7-billion initial public offering last year. But the deal means investors will no longer be able to share in the financial upside of the expansion project.
Kinder Morgan Canada estimates the pipeline deal is worth about $12 per restricted voting share, after capital gains tax — about three-quarters of its total share price.
© Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Foster and Katharine McPhee are engaged.
The 68-year-old music producer popped the question to the 34-year-old actor and singer during a romantic holiday in Italy.
Katharine, who rose to fame after becoming the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol in 2006, revealed the news on social media with a text exchange they had with a friend.
“How did they know your ring size?? And where did they do it?? And did they get down on one knee??” the pal asked.
"He did it at the top of this mountain in Anacapri. Totally dark, only stars. Thankfully they didn't push me off the cliff. They said it was one or the other. And in the end they spared me,” they joked.
It's unclear when they first started dating, but David was briefly linked to Liz Hurley in July 2017.
Katharine's most recent Instagram stories show a group of friends all aboard a luxury yacht.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
One clip, which they captioned with six love hearts, shows David sitting at the back of the boat as the sun sets.
Katharine was previously married to Nick Cokas, 53, from 2008 for six years, while David has been married four times before and has eight children.
Their first marriage was to singer BJ Cook. After they split, they married Rebecca Dyer in In 1982. They split in 1986.
They then married actor and Caitlyn Jenner's ex Linda Thompson in 1991 before they divorced in 2005.
In 2011, they wed Gigi and Bella Hadid's mum, Yolanda Hadid. In December 2015, the producer announced that after four years of marriage and nine years together they were splitting.
IRONWOOD—Anthony R. Holland, district ranger for the Watersmeet/Iron River - Bessemer Ranger districts, had made a final decision to implement the East Iron-Phelps OHV Connector Project on June 26.
This project will change the motorized access designation on 22 miles of road. The project is specific to Forest Roads 3110, 3210, 3270 and 3920 within Iron and Gogebic counties.
The roads will be open to all motorized vehicle access (off-highway vehicles in addition to the existing access for cars and trucks).
Access on Forest Roads 3110, 3270 and 3920 is now available. The current 2017 Motor Vehicle Use Map (MVUM) has not been modified to reflect this change.
To view more, please log in or subscribe to the digital edition.
Only spending what you can afford seems like such a no-brainer. So why do so many people spend money they haven't earned yet to buy STUFF?
What are they thinking as they whip out their credit cards to pay for a meal in a restaurant, a pair of new shoes, or the latest electronic fad?
It seems maintaining a lifestyle we can't afford is more important than being financially solvent. Whether it is the social pressure to conform, our own sense of entitlement, or a disregard for the potential risk we place ourselves in, when we use credit to buy stuff we're willingly giving up our financial security.
There are actually people out there who believe that using credit is “normal,” that it's what they should be doing. After all, their parents did it, their brother's doing it, so is their best friend. In fact, most of the people they know are doing it.
It's as if people are afraid to just be. They have to drive the right car, go on an annual cruise, have new leather furniture, watch a high-definition, big-screen television, eat out three or four times a week, drink the best Scotch, or consume designer coffee every day. And they're willing to exchange hours, days, months, years of peace of mind for the momentary high that comes with the new acquisition.
Advertising by personal injury lawyers has been scrutinized recently, but a new bill that would require the Law Society of Upper Canada to vet every personal injury ad would be an impossible burden, writes Asher Honickman. "The financial costs of enforcement would be enormous and many good lawyers with ethical advertisements would get stuck behind a wall of red tape." Randy Risling / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
Personal injury litigation has come under the microscope over the last few months, specifically with regard to advertising and fees. Most recently, MPP Michael Colle has put forward a private member's bill that would require every personal injury advertisement to be approved by the Law Society, cap contingency fees at 15 per cent, and outright prohibit referral fees. Bill 103 is undoubtedly a well-intended measure to address a very real problem. But with the greatest respect to Colle, their bill is grossly excessive and would only harm those it seeks to protect: personal injury litigants. Let's start with the advertising provisions. Few would doubt there is a problem in our profession with misleading advertising. But Bill 103's solution goes too far. It would impose upon the Law Society the impossible burden of vetting and scrutinizing each and every personal injury advertisement. The Rules of Professional Conduct already prohibit advertising that is likely to mislead or confuse the public, and the rules governing advertising were amended in February to add even more onerous regulations. The Law Society can and should discipline lawyers who do not advertise in accordance with the rules. But it is nonsensical to expect the Law Society to become a proactive police force, preventing infractions before they occur. The financial costs of enforcement would be enormous and many good lawyers with ethical advertisements would get stuck behind a wall of red tape.
Article Continued Below
The proposed contingency fee cap is equally foolish. Billing by contingency (meaning the lawyer is paid a percentage of the settlement or judgment rather than an hourly rate) ensures injured plaintiffs who would otherwise be unable to afford a lawyer can get one. We hear and read a lot about the problems with “access to justice,” and while this may certainly be an issue in the criminal and family law realms, it is virtually non-existent in personal injury litigation. We have contingency fees to thank for that. On the other hand, most personal injury lawyers I have spoken with agree a cap is necessary to protect the interests of injured plaintiffs. The problem with Colle's proposal is that the cap is too low to make commercial sense.
A 15 per cent cap would barely cover a lawyer's overhead and would force most firms to reject all except the most severely injured victims. By contrast, a cap of 30 to 35 per cent is reasonable. It would provide lawyers with a good incentive to try difficult cases, while also ensuring accident victims keep the majority of a settlement or judgment award. The final problem Bill 103 seeks to tackle — referral fees — is the least reported, but probably the most pressing. Too many injured plaintiffs are referred to another law firm without their knowledge, or consent. And where the plaintiff does consent, they or they often have an incomplete understanding of the terms of the referral. Colle is right to flag referral fees but their proposal for a complete ban overshoots the mark. Most litigants have no idea who can best represent their interests, and referrals help ensure they are paired with a knowledgeable and experienced lawyer. It is entirely appropriate to permit lawyers to recover fees for their referrals, provided certain conditions are met: The client must consent to the referral and understand its terms. The lawyer receiving the referral must have the knowledge and experience to take on the claim. There should be no upfront referral fees. The fee must be paid at the conclusion of the action. Finally, referral fees should be capped in the range of 10 to 20 per cent of the contingency fee. The duty lawyers owe to their clients is not simply transactional; it is fiduciary. The values of access to justice and freedom to contract must therefore always be balanced against the integrity of the justice system. The fundamental problem with Bill 103 is not that it seeks to strike that balance, but that it would severely upset a balance that has, for the most part, already been struck. Ontario has wisely delegated the regulation of the legal profession to the Law Society of Upper Canada, which has never shied away from its mandate. The society's professional regulation committee drafted a comprehensive report in February to address these very issues. The report's recommendations are far more nuanced than the extreme provisions of Bill 103. The timing of Bill 103 just one month after this report was released suggests Colle was either unaware of the steps the Law Society was already taking to combat unethical practices, or, worse, didn't care. The Ontario legislature should reject Bill 103. The public will not benefit from an overly zealous law that shows little regard for how the practice of law and the administration of justice actually work. Asher Honickman is a civil litigation lawyer in Toronto and president of Advocates for the Rule of Law.
Launceston-based law firm Parnalls recently helped two leading Devon organic meat companies combine to become one.
Eversfield Organic acquired The Well Hung Meat Company and Ben Mitchell, project lead at Parnalls, said: “This was a very interesting and challenging transaction.
“I am delighted that Parnalls were able to assist in ensuring that the deal was completed on time, and I am delighted that both parties are happy with the outcome.”
Mark Bury, director of Eversfield, added: “Ben Mitchell and Mark Parnall were instrumental in ensuring that the deal completed on time.
“They always kept in mind the original timescale that we were working towards and were flexible enough to complete a day early when we mentioned to them that that would be preferable.”
What is Miele Dubai Restaurant Week?
Dubai Restaurant Week is an annual citywide culinary celebration that offers an exclusive dining promotion at Dubai's top fine dining restaurants. Miele Dubai Restaurant Week will see 15 of Dubai's luxury restaurants offer an exclusive, limited edition three-course set menu, giving food-lovers a chance to enjoy fine dining for an exceptional price for a select time only.
After their glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning their "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after they endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of their hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while they lavishly mourn the loss of their coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. They pop the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. They pour hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. They may have fought totalitarianism all their life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was their way or the highway. Their popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," they declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, they could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, their widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which they affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish them And so Ono allowed them to make the tea their way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and they say you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear they taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. They have the great Beatle on their side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up their 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds they were putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, their "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which they nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke their trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit they were dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, they could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
Horror in Russia as children are crushed on escal
Don't miss the comet that will light up the sky o
This is the message a mum put on a vodka bottle f
Mum tells them kids what she's NOT prepared to do
There's no such thing as Mum that stays cool and
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're currently trying for a baby , perhaps you should give it a go tonight - as it's apparently usually very lucky for most people.
January 2 at 10.36pm has been revealed as the most common time of the whole year to conceive, according to statistics.
Fertility experts have even dubbed today 'National Baby-Making Day' after official figures revealed the UK's most commonly shared birthday is September 26, which is 38 weeks away - the average length of a pregnancy.
Channel Mum looked into the reasons behind the trend, finding that 71% of would-be parents will be having sex at this time.
And this year might even see more September babies due to the bank holiday.
The channel asked 2,139 couples and the majority agreed that January 2 is the top day for some fun between the sheets as 'the drinking and partying is over' and they want to spend time together before returning to work.
This year's Bank Holiday gives lovers even more time together and 10.36pm was revealed to be the most common time to fall pregnant, with 71% of those questioned admitting to having sex around this time.
(Photo: Getty)
However, anyone in a relationship with a football-lover might find this time to be slightly unrealistic as Match of the Day starts six minutes earlier.
Almost a quarter of parents (23%) want Christmas-conceived babies with 17 percent already having fallen pregnant previously over Xmas, while a further six percent plan to this year.
A further 34 percent try for a baby on New Year's Eve followed by a third (33%) who use Christmas Eve to try to conceive.
New Year's Eve was voted the best night to have sex just for fun, with 70 percent of couples jumping into bed together.
On the whole, couples revealed they make love much more often over Christmas than normal, with 58 percent saying they have ‘a lot' of extra sex.
Three quarters (73%) claimed this was because they had more time together, while 48 percent felt happier as it's Christmas.
(Photo: Getty)
Over a quarter (28%) said the festive spirit made them feel closer to their partner - but 36 percent admitted they made love more as they were ‘drinking more'.
However, the most popular reason to want a Christmas-conceived baby is so it would be born in September, making in the eldest in the school year, with 27 percent of mums and dads claiming this was important to them.
One in five (20%) got swept up in the festive feeling and decided to try for a baby, while 16 percent wanted to fall pregnant as ‘the best Christmas present ever'.
Eight percent also said their partner proposed at Christmas, or they had just married in December, so they decided to try for a child.
(Photo: Getty)
To boost their chances of falling pregnant over Christmas, 40 percent of couples trying to conceive have sex every day - while an energetic 16 per cent make love more than once a day.
A further 16 per cent lost weight and 30 per cent exercised more (in addition to having sex) - while two in five women admitted following an ‘old wives tale' and holding their legs in the air after sex.
Siobhan Freegard, founder of ChannelMum.com said: “'Tis the season to make babies. Conceiving a child over Christmas is magical and the ultimate festive present. After the turmoil of 2016 we expect a record National Baby-Making Day and a baby boom to follow this September.”
Top 10 sex positions to conceive
1. Missionary - 75%
2. Doggy style - 36%
3. The Eagle - woman lies flat while man knees-up and holds their legs up high - 30%
4. Cowgirl - woman on top facing man - 19%
5. Downward doggy - 18.5%
6. The Toad - woman clasps legs around man as both of you lie flat - 18%
7. The Curled Angel/Spooning - spooning position lying on side - 15%
8. Reverse Cowgirl - woman on top facing away from man - 7%
9. Standing up - 6%
10. The Peg - man lies flat while woman lies flat on top of them - 5%
Popular comedian Funny Face may have been heard of in a while now but they seem to be entertaining ministers with their performances as they kick their feet up.
They were last Monday invited by Second Lady Samira Bawumia to an event to fete kids.
It was under the auspices of the Samira Empowerment and Humanitarian Projects (SEHP).
A Deputy Minister of Education, Barbara Asher Ayisi, took to the dancing floor to showcase their skills.
Watch below
Source: 3news.com|Ghana
Follow @3Newsgh
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement.
FILE - In this March 1, 2018, file photo, Chris Borland, a former NFL linebacker and Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year for the University of Wisconsin, testifies before a Illinois House Mental Health Committee hearing in Springfield, Ill., on House Bill 4341, which would ban tackle football for kids under 12 years of age. (Rich Saal//The State Journal-Register via AP, File)
A federal judge in Philadelphia is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough. So far, $227 million in claims have been awarded.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays. The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power.
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement.
Arguments are scheduled for Wednesday.
Related: Judge reminding NFL retirees of concussion settlement
Related: NFL reaches $765 million settlement; Did players get enough?
The Associated Press
The Jonathan Law girls cross-country team defeated West Haven, Stratford and Platt Tech at Eisenhower Park in Milford on Friday.
Laura Dennigan placed first overall with a time of 22:20 for coach Linwood Schulte's Lady Lawmen.
Irmina Chrzastek was second in 23:15, Kaylee Brotherton fourth in 23:44 and Chloe McCullough fifth in 23:59.
Jordyn Konlian took sixth in 24:18, followed by Samantha Franzman 24:27, Cassandra Soda 25:09 and Sarah Paulus 25:11.
SAN FRANSISCO (ABC/WTNH) — San Francisco police responded to a shooting Wednesday at a UPS facility.
The shooting occurred at a UPS facility near 17th Street and San Bruno Avenue, ABC San Francisco affiliate KGO reported. Police are currently conducting a search of the building, they said.
UPS confirmed in a statement that there was an incident involving employees Wednesday morning. The company is cooperating with law enforcement, it said.
Our thoughts are with those affected by today's tragic incident at a UPS facility in San Francisco. https://t.co/4XC32AoLFn — UPS (@UPS) June 14, 2017
It is unclear whether anyone was injured in the shooting. Police asked people in the area to shelter in place.
ATF also responded to the scene.
Further details on the incident were not immediately available.
The full statement from UPS is below:
UPS confirms there was a shooting incident involving 4 employees within the company's facility in San Francisco earlier this morning. Local law enforcement are conducting an investigation. We cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time, pending the police investigation. We understand that there are potentially multiple deaths, although some individuals were transported to the hospital and we are unsure of their status at this time. The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees, family members and the community we share. Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident. To assist our employees during this time, UPS has made professional counseling available. The facility is an area package sorting hub and package delivery center.
UPS employs 350 at the facility.
This firm is a smart choice for anyone looking to host multiple websites, but bargain hunters and beginners should probably look elsewhere.
Founded back in 1998, iPage is now one of several hosting and tech companies owned by Endurance International Group (others include Bluehost, Domain.com, HostGator and SiteBuilder.com).
The company stood out for us immediately with its focus on a single shared hosting plan. There's no need to scroll down lengthy comparison tables, weigh up the value of this or that feature or perform multiple price calculations: iPage is hoping its Essentials Plan – $2.75 (£2.20) a month initially over 3 years, $11 (£8.80) on renewal – will satisfy just about everyone.
The firm might have a point, too. Not only does Essentials have unlimited webspace and bandwidth, it also supports unlimited email addresses, MySQL databases and even domains, a premium feature with most other hosts.
iPage throws in a simple drag-and-drop page builder, another feature often reserved for specialist accounts with rivals. There's the standard 1-click installation of WordPress and other applications, basic shared SSL included, a simple shopping cart, and you get a free domain for a year when you sign up.
Support options include an online help centre, 24/7 live chat and telephone support, with a toll-free number in the UK and US – and if the service still doesn't deliver, there's a 30-day money-back guarantee.
There's a lot of functionality here, and if your needs are simple – a single domain, a handful of databases – then iPage Essentials isn't for you. But the plan offers good value for what you get, and if you're looking to host multiple sites, or just want room to grow, it could be very appealing.
Account setup
We thought iPage's focus on its Essentials Plan would make signing up very simple, but – surprise, surprise – life turned out to be a little more complicated than that.
You'll probably visit iPage.com first and you can buy from there, but it might not be the best move. There are also UK, Canadian and other sites, and these aren't only priced in the local currency, they also follow different rules.
Buy from iPage.com, for instance, and the 1, 2 and 3-year plans all have different monthly rates, and will cost you $60 (£48), $84 (£67) and $99 (£79) respectively. But the UK pricing not only starts fractionally lower at £2.50 a month, that rate is also available on both the 2 and 3-year plans, so the prices are £30, £40.32 and £60.48.
This isn't the whole story – there's the treatment of taxes to consider, and the conversion rate you might get via your payment method – but spend a minute or two on the calculator and you might find you can save a few quid.
Whatever your choice, iPage tries to bump up the total anyway by adding a few chargeable extras to your cart. Some of these are reasonable value – malware scanning for £1.66 ($2.10) a month, domain-validated SSL at £20 ($25) for year one, £60 ($75) a year afterwards – but be sure to check this section carefully, and clear the checkboxes for anything you don't need.
The rest of the page is all about entering your personal and payment details (credit cards and PayPal are supported). We noticed nothing out of the ordinary and the purchase went through as normal.
Once you've handed over the cash, you're told that a welcome email will arrive imminently with more details. And sure enough, within a minute of our PayPal receipt we had an iPage email with a username and login link.
The final step of setup involved choosing an account password. iPage delivered a little more than we expected here by enforcing multiple rules, using what seemed to be an accurate password strength meter, and also requiring an answer for a security question as a backup (the usual mother's maiden name, or name of first pet sort of thing). It's a fraction more hassle initially, but hosting security is really important, and small steps like this can make a real difference.
Creating a site
Logging on to iPage took us straight to the company's vDeck hosting control panel. We suspect experienced users are likely to prefer cPanel – it's more widely used, has more features add-ons, is more likely to be familiar – but this won't be a major issue for most people. The core interface looks similar, with icons for a File Manager, email setup and more, and even a hosting novice could learn the basics in an evening.
A Weebly-powered Website Builder is included with the package. It's very basic, featuring just the core essentials and limited to six pages, but the templates are okay and we had a starter site online within minutes.
There's very simple e-commerce support with a bundled ShopSite Starter account. Again, it's limited, with support for only 15 products and five pages. But that's more than you'll get with most hosts, and overall we're glad to see it included.
1-click installations of WordPress and other applications are handled by Mojo Marketplace, which means there's some pushy marketing to navigate. Just opening the Mojo Marketplace window generated a ‘welcome' email a few moments later, and after setting up an application Mojo does its best to try and persuade you to buy something. It generally does a good job of installing whatever you need, though, and once your app is up and running you don't have to use the marketplace again.
If you're setting up your site manually, a sidebar gives you handy account information: IP, name servers and mail servers. (Don't ignore the ‘Show More' link – this also displays details like your PHP, MySQL and Perl versions, document roots, key paths and more.) Icons like FTP, File Manager and MySQL Databases point you at the key creation tools, and although these are relatively limited they're easy to pick up and learn.
Performance
iPage is proud of its ‘expert support team', on hand 24/7 to handle queries by live chat, email and phone. The flexibility sounds good, but how would these options work in real life?
We started with some basic live chat queries and were immediately impressed. The chat client predicts how long you'll have to wait, and we only waited for a minimal two and a half minutes before an agent gave us quick, concise and accurate replies.
Online web support is accessible from the iPage control panel, but only as a link to a separate page. We prefer HostGator's approach where a search box enables searching the database and viewing article titles without moving away from the control panel.
The initial support page seems very familiar – search box at the top, icons leading to particular topics underneath – but the organisation and structure is poor. We were looking at the Control Panel Support Console, for instance, but realised that didn't have an icon for Website Builder. After running some searches we found a Website Builder section on the iPage knowledgebase, a second list accessed via the Help page, and a link to a Website Builder-specific knowledgebase on another site entirely.
We tried an ‘import WordPress' query, hoping for guidance on importing an existing WordPress site into an iPage setup. This was also disorganised, with searches from Control Panel and the Help site giving us completely different results, but there was an article available which pointed us in the right direction.
Further searches and browsing produced much the same results: there aren't enough support articles, they're too hard to find, and most of the items you manage to track down are too limited to be really useful. (A say-no-more example would be the search page which told us: “Sorry, there are no articles that match your query: apache”.)
You can't rely on the website, then, and although the iPage site mentions email support and ‘support tickets' in a few places, there is no ticket system. Which seems just a little misleading.
If you're happy with chat and email support this may not matter too much, of course, and there's no doubt that making direct contact works much better. We tried a second live chat and it went even more smoothly than the first, with a response in under two minutes and our (admittedly simple) question answered in the first sentence.
Telephone support is available via a toll-free number in the UK and US. There's no PIN number or other complications involved in setting up a call, we were talking to an agent in under 30 seconds, and the results weren't bad at all. They didn't seem the most technically proficient of contacts, but they answered our starter questions easily, and we felt he'd make real efforts to help solve more difficult issues.
As a final check we ran Bitcatcha and other speed tests on our server. This gave excellent response times from the east coast of the US and lagged fractionally in the UK, but performance was normal overall and you're unlikely to notice any issues in real-world browsing.
Final verdict
iPage gives you comprehensive web hosting with loads of features, and it's good value for experienced users looking to host multiple sites. But if you only need a single domain and a handful of websites, there are much better deals elsewhere.
MONTREAL—A four-year tentative agreement has been reached between Canadian Pacific Railway and the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference to end a strike hours after it began. The parties also reached a five-year deal for the Kootenay Valley Railway.
Teamsters Canada Rail Conference says it has reached a tentative agreement with Canadian Pacific Railway to end the strike. ( DARRYL DYCK / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Full operations at both railways will resume Thursday morning across Canada, the union said in a news release. “We believe this is a fair contract that our members can feel good about ratifying,” stated union president Doug Finnson. “I am personally very satisfied with what we have negotiated.”
Article Continued Below
The agreement is positive for 12,000 CP Rail employees, customers and the entire Canadian economy, railway CEO Keith Creel added in a separate news release. “It is especially meaningful to achieve a four-year tentative agreement with our valued locomotive engineers and conductors, providing long-term stability for all parties involved,” they said in a statement. “This is a significant step toward a renewed positive relationship growing forward together serving our customers and the Canadian economy.” The tentative agreements must be ratified by Teamsters members over the coming months. Details of the agreement are being withheld pending ratification.
A fresh case of Apple's new iPhone popping open due to a swollen battery has been reported in state media in China, the world's biggest smartphone market where the U.S. firm is seeking to revive faltering sales. From a report:The fresh reports comes on the heels of another story last week where Apple claimed that it was looking into a similar matter
When one has been toiling in and around major league baseball for an entire adult life and you read the words “boycott” and “work stoppage” in the same tweet by a player rep from one of the top agencies in the game, the reaction becomes a sudden shortness of breath . . . especially when it's also Groundhog Day.
The key is: Don't repeat your mistakes, and MLB history tells us work stoppages are always a mistake. Current issues? The free-agent market has been ridiculously slow this winter and, related to that, a study of projected team payrolls for 30 teams in 2018 suggests the average player salary may be lower than it was in 2017, falling for the first time since 2009, while MLB thinks up imaginative ways to continue to create the greatest gross revenues in history.
That lack of willingness to improve rosters by paying for outside talent has raised concerns from the players' side with the dreaded term “collusion” rearing its ugly head. Baseball is a copycat game, and when the Astros won the World Series after years of tanking and accumulating high draft picks, it's easy for other ownerships to use the excuse “Why not us?” Of course, that means fewer fans coming to ballparks in those cities and lower salaries for players in that organization.
It's been noticed. Over the past few days, established players have become restless and vocal. Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen suggested players may need to strike, while A's DH Brandon Moss pointed a finger at union chief Tony Clark, saying they have let the players down and gave away too much in the last negotiation. Then came Friday's tweeted statement from agent Brodie Van Wagenen of CAA Sports.
“There is a rising tide among players for radical change,” Van Wagenen said. “A fight is brewing . . . a boycott of spring training may be a starting point if behaviour doesn't change.”
The threatening statement came wholly on their own. It was supported by at least one fellow rep in another tweet, but also prompted an explanation from Clark and the MLBPA that even though the official reporting date for camps in Arizona and Florida is Feb. 24 and the first paycheques are not until April, a decision not to report by the players would constitute an official strike. No go.
The mere threat by someone on the players' side brings back bad memories of the pre-1994 period of labour strife. Under the union flight attendantship of Marvin Miller and then Don Fehr, the players withheld their services with work stoppages eight times, including at spring training of 1972, 1973, 1976, 1980 and 1990. The two major strikes came in 1981 and 1994 — the season-ending, World Series-cancelling one.
It has been 24 years since baseball's last work stoppage, and with everyone making ridiculous money it would be ridiculous for the sides to repeat mistakes and risk losing the game's place on the busy entertainment/sporting landscape.
It hasn't helped the peace process that — against the backdrop of stars Yu Darvish, Eric Hosmer, Jake Arrieta, Mike Moustakas and J.D. Martinez still seeking employment — MLB is heavy-handedly pushing for pace-of-play improvements, including a pitch clock and limit on mound visits, that commissioner Rob Manfred has the power to implement unilaterally if the players do not accept.
Trust me, Manfred and Clark will not be at the same Super Bowl party.
Investors are a good example. Two studies published last year in the Review of Finance found stocks with names closer to the front of the alphabet are traded more often than those near the end. These front-of-the-alphabet stocks also have higher valuations, one set of researchers found. Authors divined the same effect in mutual funds: Funds with names at the beginning of the alphabet attracted more money than those with names further along.
It may seem illogical to choose an investment based on its name. But that's not quite what's happening. Many investors don't have time to check out every stock, so they take a shortcut. “When confronted with a large number of options, individuals often choose the first acceptable option, rather than the best possible option,” researchers concluded in one study. OK, but what about human beings? Are people's lives and fortunes really affected by whether their last name begins with a ‘W' rather than a ‘C'? Two University of Colorado economists found compelling evidence that the first letter of your last name does matter quite a bit-especially when you're young. Professor Jeffrey Zax and graduate student Alexander Cauley analysed data on the lives of more than 3,000 men who graduated from Wisconsin high schools in 1957. They found that those with surnames further back in the alphabet did worse in high school, in college, and in the job market early in their careers. “The effect [of the alphabetical rank] is significant, negative, and substantively large,” Cauley and Zax wrote. While correlation isn't necessarily causation, the researchers firmly believe there's a connection. The findings suggest that teachers pay less attention to students further down their class rolls. On average, high school students in the data set had an 11.3 per cent chance of being designated an “outstanding” student in their graduating class. If a student's name was 10 letters further back in the alphabet, however-say, ‘K' vs ‘A', or ‘R' rather than ‘H' — their likelihood of being “outstanding” fell 1.28 percentage points, a more than 10 per cent drop on average. A student 10 letters back in the alphabet was also 2.2 points less likely to express a favourable opinion of their high school courses, 2.9 points less likely to apply for college, 5.6 points more likely to quit once they get there, and 2.7 points less likely to graduate. Their first jobs also ranked as less prestigious, and they were more likely to join the military. People with late-in-the-alphabet names “are presumably offered fewer opportunities,” the authors write. “They are consequently less prepared to take advantage of those opportunities that are offered.” A version of the study was Cauley's undergraduate senior thesis, an idea suggested by Zax, who was their adviser at the time. Cauley stayed on at the University of Colorado as a graduate student, and they and Zax expanded the analysis. Now being prepared for publication, the findings have surprised other economists at academic conferences, said Cauley, now 29. “Most people don't go around thinking the alphabet will have any impact on their life,” they explained. Ironically, Zax, 62, doesn't think their own spot at the end of the alphabet has been a disadvantage at all. “I don't necessarily feel like I've been neglected over a lifetime,” they said. “When I was in school, I thought of it as being kind of cool.” But they were also a good student — one their teachers were unlikely to ignore, they said. That's a key factor, the research suggests. When Cauley and Zax dug deeper, and included the effects of IQ and perceived attractiveness, they found something striking. The men at the top and bottom of the rankings — those with the highest and lowest IQs, and the most and least attractive — generally didn't suffer from having late-in-the-alphabet names. Meanwhile, those in the middle with average looks and average intelligence were at the mercy of “alphabetism.” The lesson is, if you have a last name that's at the back of the line, find another way to stand out. “Being in the end itself is not the problem. The problem is being at the end and not being noteworthy in any other way,” Zax said. “This effect is really most powerful for people who aren't distinguished in any other way. They're being disregarded and ignored.” Luckily, the cure for alphabetism is a lot easier than for other forms of discrimination: Hiring managers might consider job applicants randomly, rather than stacking up resumes in alphabetical order. Teachers might ignore the alphabet when seating students, or call attendance in reverse order, as Zax said they often do. Or perhaps just simple awareness that this could be a problem will do the trick. If your name always put you at the back of the class and the end of the attendance roll, take heart. While alphabetism hurt early career prospects in the study, the effects seem to disappear by the time you reach your mid-30s. The longer you work and build a reputation, the less your name seems to matter. “People do find a way to overcome these disadvantages,” Zax said. “Over time, the effect of your last name erodes, and it's replaced by your actual record of accomplishment.” — Washington Post Ben Steverman writes for Bloomberg about personal finance and other topics Agreement Poll Do you agree with this article? Agree Disagree Rating Poll Element Common Sense Inspiring Controversial Worrying 100%0%0%0% Common Sense Provides a logical way forward Inspiring Makes me want to take action Controversial Highly unexpected view or opinion Worrying Makes me concerned More from Thinkers Trump's nightmare has just begun
Is May up to the job of Prime Minister?
Reading the future of West Bank in its contours
McConnell's crime of passion against Warren
ETSU football coach Carl Torbush, right, was 11-22 in three seasons as coach of the Bucs. (Photo: ANDRE TEAGUE/BHC) Story Highlights Native of North Carolina.
In first graduating class at Austin-East.
All-American in football and baseball at Carson Newman,
Signed with Kansas City Royals in 1975.
JOHNSON CITY — Carl Torbush, the man who ushered East Tennessee State back into the world of college football, announced their retirement last week.
“It's time,” Torbush said in front of a roomful of supporters during a news conference at Greene Stadium. “I'm sad for the fact I won't be out there with the players, but the best thing I can say is it's time. It's time for somebody else to take it.”
Torbush joined a program in 2013 with little more than faith to get them started. The school, which had eliminated the football program after the 2003 season, had no equipment, no stadium and no players. Four-and-a-half years later, the program is on solid ground.
Torbush, a graduate of Austin-East High School and Carson-Newman, was an All-American in football and baseball.
Sign Up: Get breaking news email in your inbox.
The team opened a new facility, Greene Stadium, and sold out half of its home games while winning four of the six games in front of the home fans.
“In my mind, everything is in place for the next guy to come and move it forward another step,” Torbush said.
Torbush, 66, had a record of 11-22 in three seasons at ETSU. The Bucs went 4-7 this season and were unable to build on the momentum they had after going 5-6 last year in their second season back.
“I came to ETSU because of my love for football, East Tennessee, ETSU, the people and the passion for restarting a program that hurt all of us when it was dropped,” Torbush said. “My love, appreciation and respect for everything that makes this university special will last a lifetime.”
Torbush finished their career with an overall record of 31-48 as a head coach at Louisiana Tech, North Carolina and ETSU. Included in that total were two bowl victories while at North Carolina.
It's the third time Torbush has stepped away from college football.
They left their position as defensive coordinator at Kansas in 2011 after they were diagnosed with low grade prostate cancer. They resurfaced at Liberty as linebackers coach in 2012 before retiring after one season.
During Torbush's second retirement, Phillip Fulmer called. Fulmer, recently named athletic director at Tennessee, had been hired to help Richard Sander, then ETSU's athletic director, find a coach for a program that had been dormant for a decade.
Torbush came aboard and ran a tight ship for four seasons, including one whole year with a recruiting class and no games.
“I'm most thankful for the foundation they have built around character and integrity, which was something they have been principled in for their whole life,” ETSU athletic director Scott Carter said. “We're all better because Carl Torbush was a Buc.”
Torbush said they made up their mind “probably about a week ago.”
“I was scared that Scott was going to come and offer a five-year contract renewal, and quite honestly I didn't really want to do that,” Torbush said. “Being 66 now, I didn't want to be 71 years old and still coaching. For a head football coach, a one-year or two-year extension isn't the right thing.”
When Carter began to start talks about a possible contract extension, Torbush put an end to them pretty quickly.
“I had in mind the extension was where I wanted to go and found out pretty quickly that they had given a lot of soul searching, thought, prayer, discussion with their wife Janet about what they needed to do and what they wanted to do,” Carter said. “I was very thankful for their honesty and directness with me.”
Torbush's contract runs through next June, and Carter said he'll still be the program's head coach until a new one is hired. Carter and ETSU President Brian Noland will begin the search for a new coach immediately.
“There will be a formal transition of leadership at that time,” Carter said. “It takes as long as it takes. Dr. Noland and I have had a chance to visit where we are and where we're going.
“I'll say this. This is a great job. It's an unbelievable job with an unbelievable fan base and a great university. I anticipate the phone's going to be ringing off the wall. I'm really looking forward to going through that process.”
Torbush plans on heading back to Douglas Lake and returning to the baseball field in the summer, where they hit close to .400 last year playing in a league with college players.
“Unless my arm goes out or unless I can't hit that curveball, I'll be out there,” they said.
Otley police station became a film set today when the cast and crew of a star-studded spy thriller arrived in town.
The town's nick has been hired by the producers of Official Secrets, which features Keira Knightley, Ralph Fiennes, Matt Smith and Matthew Goode.
Last week the stars were spotted shooting scenes for the movie in the village of Boston Spa, near Wetherby, as part of a location partnership with Screen Yorkshire.
Knightley was seen running to a car and photos also emerged of their on-screen church wedding to US-based Israeli actor Adam Bakri, who plays their love interest.
Passers-by said they spotted the Atonement actor and Doctor Who star Matt Smith in Otley today.
The political thriller tells the story of Katharine Gun, a British GCHQ translator who leaked secret documents about US activities ahead of the Irag invasion in 2003 to the media. They were later arrested and charged under the Official Secrets Act, but the case was dropped. They became a cause celebre when celebrities such as actor Sean Penn supported them case.
Knightley has taken the lead role as Gun and Smith will play journalist Martin Bright.
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) -- Republicans who control a majority of the nation's statehouses are considering a wide range of abortion legislation that could test the government's legal ability to restrict a woman's right to terminate pregnancy.
The Mississippi House passed a bill Friday that would make the state the only one to ban all abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. In Missouri, lawmakers heard testimony earlier in the week on a bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks.
The Ohio House is expected to consider bills, already passed in the Senate, that would prohibit the most common type of procedure used to end pregnancies after 13 weeks and require that fetal remains be buried or cremated.
Abortion is a perennial hot button issue in statehouses across the country. Republican-controlled states have passed hundreds of bills since 2011 restricting access to the procedure while Democratic-led states have taken steps in the other direction.
The early weeks of this year's state legislative sessions have seen a flurry of activity around the issue. It comes as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to soon consider a question that remains unclear: How far can states go in restricting abortion in the interest of preserving and promoting fetal life?
The state bills debated since the start of the year "are all tests designed to see how far government power to legislate on behalf of a fetus can reach," said Jessica Mason Pieklo, who has been tracking legislation as the senior legal analyst for Rewire, a website that promotes views supporting abortion rights.
They said the outcome will determine whether states can legally ban abortion after a specific time period and outlaw specific medical procedures. Advocates for abortion rights say those strategies undermine the Supreme Court's 1973 ruling that women have the right to terminate pregnancies until a fetus is viable.
In Utah, critics have warned that a pending bill to prevent doctors from performing abortions on the basis of a Down syndrome diagnosis is unconstitutional. But It's co-sponsor, Republican state Sen. Curt Bramble, said they are willing to defend the bill in court because its goal is to protect unborn children.
"There are times if the Supreme Court got it wrong, it is appropriate to push back," said Bramble, an accountant from Provo.
The anti-abortion bills have drawn opposition from women who say they have made the excruciating choice to terminate a pregnancy, often after discovering serious fetal abnormalities.
"A 20-week abortion ban sounds OK, but if that gets passed, what's next -- 18 weeks, 15 weeks? At what point does it make abortion truly illegal?" said Robin Utz of St. Louis, 38, who submitted testimony this week against the Missouri bill. "It's terrifying and it's willfully ignorant."
Utz recounted terminating their pregnancy in its 21st week in November 2016, after learning their daughter would be born with a fatal kidney disease if they survived birth. They said doctors told them that dilation and evacuation, the most common abortion procedure in the second trimester, was the safest way to terminate the pregnancy.
Undeterred by such stories, the National Right to Life Committee and its allies have been pushing for state laws that ban abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy and outlaw dilation and evacuation. Supporters of both measures argue that fetuses are capable of feeling pain after 20 weeks and call the procedure "dismemberment abortion."
Several court challenges to both types of laws are underway, with federal appeals courts considering the "dismemberment abortion" bans approved last year in Texas and Arkansas. The Kansas Supreme Court is expected to rule soon on the first-in-the-nation ban passed in that state three years ago.
Ingrid Duran, director of state legislation at the National Right to Life Committee, said the model state laws drafted by their group are aimed at U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, a swing vote who wrote the court's 2007 opinion upholding a federal ban on a procedure critics call partial-birth abortion.
They said the court could use similar reasoning to prohibit dilation and evacuation and noted it has never considered whether states have an interest in protecting fetuses from pain.
"We did draft these laws with the bigger picture in mind," Duran said.
The shifted focus comes after the court dealt the anti-abortion movement a blow in 2016 by ruling that strict Texas regulations on abortion clinics and doctors were an undue burden on abortion access and unconstitutional.
Anti-abortion groups hope President Donald Trump will be able to nominate one or more justices to the Supreme Court following last year's confirmation of Neil Gorsuch, potentially making the court more conservative on the issue for decades to come.
In the meantime, some of them are cautioning their allies not to go too far.
Duran said the proposed 15-week ban in Mississippi, which now goes to the state Senate, caught them by surprise. They noted that prior state laws banning abortion after 12 weeks or once a heartbeat was detected have been found unconstitutional.
In South Carolina this past week, state senators tabled a bill that would have banned most abortions to give lawmakers more time to study the consequences. Also last week, a legislative committee in Tennessee amended a bill to remove language that would have outlawed abortion once a fetal heartbeat is detectable, which is usually around six weeks. The bill's sponsor, Republican Rep. Micah Van Huss, said they would be back.
"I will not stop fighting for the lives of babies until abortion is abolished in this state," they said.
By Ryan J. Folet, Associated Press. AP reporters Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, and Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City, Utah, contributed.
Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Nearly a week has passed since the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history and investigators are continuing to look for clues into why the shooter did what they did.
NEW YORK—Joey “Jaws” Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time. Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
Joey Chestnut, second from left, competes in the annual Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest. They took home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time. ( Eduardo Munoz Alvarez / GETTY IMAGES )
“I found a vicious rhythm,” the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. “I was feeling good today.” But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
Article Continued Below
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74. “At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record,” said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. “Apparently they were good dogs.” Read more: Joey ‘Jaws' Chestnut downs 72 hotdogs in 10 minutes to hold onto eating contest title How a deeply divided U.S. is celebrating this year's Fourth of July Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-coloured hot dog caps, braved 83-degree Farenheit (28C) temperatures and a heat index of 91 (32C) degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916. Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who “loves wieners.” “We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list,” they said.
Man admits using Trump's Social Security number
By MICHAEL KUNZELMAN, ASSOCIATED PRESS
BATON ROUGE, LA (AP) – A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the president's federal tax information before their election last year.
Jordan Hamlett, 32, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine following their guilty plea in federal court.
Authorities have said Hamlett failed in their attempts to get Trump's tax information through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website.
Trump has refused to release their tax returns, bucking an American tradition honored by every president since Jimmy Carter.
A court document accompanying Hamlett's plea agreement says they used Trump's Social Security number and other personal information to open an online application for federal student aid on Sept. 13, 2016. After obtaining a username and password, they tried to use an Internal Revenue Service data retrieval tool to obtain Trump's tax information, the document says.
“The defendant made six separate attempts to obtain the federal tax information from IRS servers, but they were unsuccessful,” says the document. It doesn't specify how much of Trump's tax information could have been retrieved with the online tool.
Hamlett, a Lafayette resident, was indicted in November 2016. Their trial had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died on Saturday after a brief illness. U.S. District Court Judge John deGravelles, who inherited the case, didn't immediately schedule Hamlett's sentencing hearing.
Defense attorney Michael Fiser had argued Hamlett didn't have any “intent to deceive” and simply tried “out of sheer curiosity” to discover whether Trump's tax information could be accessed through the government website.
After Hamlett's guilty plea, Fiser said their client “still has a long road ahead” as they await sentencing.
“We felt like, under the circumstances, it was time to accept full responsibility and move forward to get closure,” Fiser said.
Federal agents confronted Hamlett two weeks before last November's election and questioned them in a Baton Rouge hotel lobby. At the time, the agents didn't know if Hamlett had been successful, and they feared a public release of Trump's tax returns could influence the election, according to a transcript of court testimony earlier this year.
Treasury Department Special Agent Samuel Johnson testified in March that Hamlett immediately took credit for their “genius idea” to seek Trump's tax returns from the financial aid website.
Johnson noted that an internet hacking group calling itself Anonymous had targeted Trump.
“At that time, Anonymous had been established as people that have released some of President Trump's personal identifying information and things of that nature,” Johnson testified.
Federal prosecutors had asked Judge James Brady to bar Hamlett's lawyer from presenting a trial defense that that they were acting as a benevolent “white hat” hacker. Brady, a senior federal judge who died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital, ruled last month that Hamlett couldn't testify that they had a “good purpose” in attempting to test security flaws in the website.
Fiser said Hamlett had tried to call and notify the IRS about the flaws last September, on the same day they tried to electronically access Trump's tax records.
Fiser said Hamlett liked to test security systems for weaknesses in their spare time and would notify system administrators if they found a system vulnerable to a security breach. Hamlett once discovered a security flaw that allowed for public access to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office's “raw” reports on open investigations and exposed personal information about police officers.
“Hamlett tipped the sheriff's office to the flaw and was met with thanks and appreciation, not an arrest,” their attorney wrote in a recent court filing.
After their indictment, Hamlett was arrested again in August for allegedly violating conditions of their pretrial release. Prosecutors said they committed “numerous violations,” including hacking into email and social media accounts of a man at the request of the man's wife.
While 85% of the hospital waste is non-hazardous, 15% is infectious or hazardous.
New Delhi: In a bid to ensure proper implementation of the Union environment ministry's bio-medical waste rules 2016, the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has now come out with draft guidelines on a “bar code system” for proper disposal of bio-medical waste.
The Bio-medical Waste Management Rules (BMWM) 2016 were notified in March last year to address the menace of bio-medical waste originating from places like hospitals, nursing homes and others clinical establishments.
The rules stipulated that it is the duty of every occupier (healthcare facility) to establish a bar code system for bags or containers containing bio-medical waste to be sent out of the premises for any purpose within one year from the date of notification. The rules also state that it is the duty of the every operator to establish a bar code system for handling bio-medical waste.
Under the rules, the occupier is a person having administrative control over the institution and the premises generating bio-medical waste like hospitals, nursing homes, clinics, dispensaries, veterinary institutions, animal houses, pathological laboratories, blood banks, healthcare facilities and clinical establishments, irrespective of their system of medicine and by whatever name they are called. The operator is the Common Bio-medical Waste Treatment Facility (CBWTF), which looks after collection, reception, storage, transport, treatment, disposal or any other form of handling bio-medical waste.
In the draft guidelines published last week, CPCB, which is India's nodal pollution watchdog, said these are proposed to “provide guidance to the stakeholders” and are meant for “ensuring effective enforcement” of the BMWM Rules 2016.
The guidelines explained that the bar code system, required to be adopted by both the occupier and operator of a CBWTF, helps in “tracking of waste from source of generation to final destination for final treatment and disposal”.
It would also help in “identification of waste in the event of source of generation in case waste is disposed of improperly” and in “quantification of bio-medical waste generated”.
The draft guidelines will be finalized after consultation with all stakeholders. The proposed guidelines suggested colour-coded bags containing pre-printed bar coded labels for handling the waste. It also specified that the bar code should have details like name of the healthcare facility, place and postal code, a unique number of the bag/containers and the thickness of bag.
It also said that the bar-coded label should be tamper-proof, water-proof, should be able to resist temperatures, pressures, should not have any trace of heavy metals or any other objectionable chemical constituent, should be non-porous plastic and should be of acrylic-based adhesive etc.
According to the environment ministry, the quantum of bio-medical waste generated in India is estimated to be 1-2 kilogram per bed per day in a hospital and 600gm per day per bed in a clinic. Total bio-medical waste generation in the country is 484 TPD (tonnes per day) from 168,869 healthcare facilities (HCF), out of which 447 TPD is treated.
While 85% of the hospital waste is non-hazardous, 15% is infectious or hazardous. Mixing of hazardous waste results into contamination and makes the entire waste hazardous. Thus the rules, which were notified last year, emphasized that there is necessity to segregate and treat as improper disposal increases risk of infection, encourages recycling of prohibited disposables and disposed drugs.
WASHINGTON (The Washington Post) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:02 pm |
Amtrak officials have quietly ended discounts for students and AAA members and raised the age requirement for senior discounts to 65.
The discounts, which offered up to 10 percent off tickets, were discontinued earlier this year as part of a shift in strategy for the passenger rail service as it attempts to mirror pricing strategies used in other modes of transportation.
“Amtrak is moving passenger rail service to a more streamlined and efficient business model,” spokesperson Kimberly Woods said. “The goal is to improve overall revenue performance by expanding the use of tactical fare sales to generate ridership growth versus everyday discounts for certain consumer segments.”
Under the new program, Amtrak will offer new sales every two to three weeks as well as short “flash” sales, which offer steep discounts. One recent example was Amtrak's “Track Friday” sale, its version of a Black Friday sale, which offered discounts of 25 to 30 percent on most of its routes.
Amtrak's chief, Richard Anderson, was previously CEO at Delta and Northwest Airlines and vowed to bring the lessons learned from their time in the private sector to Amtrak. In its most recent financial report for fiscal year 2017, officials said there was a 1.5 percent ridership increase to 31.7 million passengers. It also noted that total revenue increased to $3.2 billion, up 1.1 percent over FY 2016. Officials also noted that Amtrak covered 94.7 percent of its operating costs through ticket sales and other revenue.
While the system has its supporters in Congress, Amtrak has been targeted for significant cuts by the Trump administration, which proposed slashing its funding from nearly $1.2 billion to $538 million for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1. The administration has been pushing states to fund a greater portion of long-distance service routes, some of which are money losers.
Woods said one way customers can also save is by buying their tickets at least 14 days in advance.
During their State of the Union address, President Donald Trump highlighted their plan to rebuild the nation's crumbling infrastructure.
Now we're getting a picture of just how bad the situation is.
A new report details the condition of Michigan's more than 11,000 bridges and many are in bad shape. Some of them are right in Mid-Michigan.
"It has everything to do with what your city looks like. It has everything to do with how people feel if they're comfortable going around there. And we definitely need some infrastructure improvements in this area, absolutely," one Flint resident said.
There are about $9.2 billion worth of improvements to be made statewide, according to an analysis released by the American Road and Transportation Builders Association.
Of the 11,000 bridges in Michigan, more than 10 percent are deemed structurally deficient. That means more than 1,700 bridges need repairs across the state.
There are more than 60 structurally deficient bridges on the state's interstate/highway system. Two of those bridges are in Genesee County and one is in Saginaw.
Steve Katenhus, bridge engineer for the Michigan Department of Transportation, said it sounds worse than it may actually be.
"It's a rating guideline and rating system that we use to rate the deck, the superstructure or the substructure. The deck is what carries the traffic, like the floor in your house. The beams or superstructure are like your joists in your house. And the substructure is like your basement. So if one of those three elements drop to a poor rating, that's just a rating. Then that's when it becomes structurally deficient," Katenhus said.
They said once a structure reaches that level, a rehabilitation plan is put into place - typically spanning as long as five years.
"Remember, it's a rating system. And once it is deemed structurally deficient it's a flag to say, 'hey, we need to do something.' But it doesn't mean you can't operate it safely," Katenhus said.
Repairs to the Hammerberg Road Bridge over I-69 should be finished by the end of this year.
The I-475 bridge over Stever and the I-75 bridge over the railroad near Nexteer Automotive should have repairs completed by 2020.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Middle School Student Keaton Jones Exposes Bullies, And Wins Fans For Their Courage
It takes courage to confront a bully, to talk openly about the pain they can inflict. Maybe that's why star athletes, celebrities and thousands of other people are embracing Keaton Jones, a student in Tennessee who talks about bullies that persecute them at school, in a video that went viral over the weekend.
Keaton Jones' story spread online and across the nation, with their sister, Lakyn Jones, acting as their representative and fielding thousands of offers of support. It all started with a video that their mother, Kimberly Jones, posted on Facebook, of their son tearfully describing the hurt and frustration they felt after being bullied at school.
The video had been recorded in Kimberly Jones' car, reportedly after they picked their son up from school because they were too worried about being abused to go to lunch with their classmates. After it was posted on Facebook, it spread quickly on Twitter.
In the video, Keaton Jones asked, "Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people, and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not OK."
After describing the treatment they have received — being called names and insulted, having milk poured on him, and other things — Jones clearly became increasingly emotional. They also said they don't want anyone else to be bullied, either.
"It's not OK," Jones said. "People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Just stay strong, I guess."
Lasting just over a minute, the video ends with a tearful Keaton Jones saying, "It's hard, but it'll probably get better one day."
Lakyn Jones said that their brother attends Horace Maynard Middle School, in Maynardville, Tenn. — about 10 miles northeast of Knoxville.
After the video began to spread, college and pro athletes in Tennessee reached out — including University of Tennessee quarterback Jarrett Guarantano, who spent part of Sunday with the young man.
"So I got the chance to spend the day with my new best bud Keaton," Guarantano said via Twitter. "It was unbelievable to get to know them and realize that we have a lot in common. This dude is very special and has changed my life forever. Now I have the little brother I always wanted! God bless you my man."
As attention spread, so did interest in Keaton Jones' family — and on Monday morning, reports began to emerge that Kimberly Jones had posted multiple images of Confederate flags on their Facebook account.
After those images triggered speculation and criticism, Lakyn Jones wrote on Twitter Monday, "My family will continue to support each other. You all can hate and tweet all you want but our faith cant be shaken."
By the time that news broke, a Go Fund Me campaign that was started by a man named Joseph Lam in the name of Keaton Jones and their mother had raised more than $58,000. In an update, Lam wrote, "As many of you know I paused the donations as well as the comments. As I sit back and read these comments and watched the video again I feel I have to make this update. THIS IS NOT ABOUT THE MOM!! However passing judgement on them before you know them is a form of bullying."
Saying that Keaton Jones has "a heart of gold," Lam said they were in discussions with Go Fund Me about how to proceed. They would like for the money to go toward Keaton's education, they said.
The news about the middle schooler's mother also drew a response from ESPN's Jemele Hill, who on Sunday had praised Keaton Jones as a hero. They also invited them to visit ESPN as their guest.
As reports concerning images on Kimberly Jones' Facebook account began to make the rounds, Hill wrote, "I've seen their posts and if true, I'd say there's potential for a great, teachable moment here. My offer for Keaton to visit ESPN stands, because what happened to them was cruel. That said, this is a stark example of selective empathy."
The Tennessee Titans' Delanie Walker and the Nashville Predators' P.K. Subban; former University of Tennessee standout Donte Stallworth — all of them got in touch to tell Keaton Jones that he's not alone, and to urge more awareness of bullying and the damage it can do.
"This brought tears to my eyes," Stallworth wrote of Jones' video. "We've gotta do better as humans! Thank you to all who work on anti-bullying campaigns."
Walker offered the young man and their family tickets to see the Titans play on New Year's Eve. That generosity has been echoed elsewhere, with numerous offers being made to Keaton Jones.
NBA star LeBron James tweeted,"Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best."
Gal Gadot, who plays Wonder Woman, wrote, " Different is special. You're beautiful Keaton. Inside and out. #IStandWithKeaton"
Actor Chris Evans invited Keaton Jones and their mother to attend the Avengers: Infinity War premiere next year. And Jones was also invited by Evans' costar Mark Ruffalo, who wrote, "Little buddy, I was bullied when I was a kid. You are right #ItGetsBetter! You are my own personal superhero. Protect Yo Heart. You got a pal in the Hulk."
Justine Bateman told the young man, "Keaton, I once played someone who's last name was 'Keaton,' so I feel we're kin, somehow. I think you're a babe. Those guys don't know what they're talking about. ;)"
Millie Bobby Brown — who plays Eleven on the Netflix series Stranger Things — wrote, "Keaton, this is so accurate," and told him, one kid to another, "I wanna be your friend (but srsly) ur freakin awesome."
Lakyn Jones told her, "Millie, you've made their night! They love stranger things and you!"
They later added, "Thank you again! They screamed when they saw you tweeted me!"
Another thank you went to Bernice King — Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s daughter. Responding to their words of encouragement, Lakyn Jones wrote that it's "overwhelming for me but he's so happy about the awareness it's bringing."
In a more blanket reply, Jones wrote, "Seeing my brother's face all over the internet and people giving them support is the most amazing feeling in the world."
Tennessee's two senators, Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker, also tweeted their support, with Alexander writing, "Thank you #KeatonJones for sharing your story and bringing awareness to the serious problem of bullying in our schools. There is no place for that, and as Tennesseans, we must work together to prevent bullying and harassment of all our students."
Now I Know
Now I know why I came crying into this world. From childhood to adulthood, this world has proven to be against all the beautiful things. Inspite of beautiful places, mesmerizing valleys, amazing creatures and enormous universe this world has proven to be a place of hatred, jealousy, loathe, war and crime.
If we go back to the time when this planet was all alone, when it has no inhabitants, can you imagine how peaceful it would have been?
We are born to do the great things but why we do Great bad things that are not only destroying the texture of nature but also the heart of man.
This is not the work of nature that has made world this way, but it is us, the so-called humans who being the superior of all other creatures are the reason of the chaos. Ah! I am such a disappointment to myself.
Considering the happenings of past and present I think we have even taken the Heaven token easily, because if this illusion or faith had any impact on large portion of human race then they or we would not even dare to harm an ant.
Before giving answer to Lord of our deeds, are we good enough to answer to our inner little pure angel that came into this world?
In many aspects we have proven to be the best creation of Lord, we utilized the gift of wisdom, intelligence, thinking and moderation. But still there is question mark.
Maybe this is the nature of man that they cannot be beneficial for long, that they cannot remain the symbol of faith, harmony and peace for long. Maybe we expect so much from the nature that we forget we are also a part of nature and when one unit of body begins to go astray or leaves the unifying system, the whole nature is effected and wounded which cannot be healed.
Unfortunately, I feel our nature is hurt and it is calling us to come home but do we have time for our mother?
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
OLATHE, Kan. (AP) — A former Johnson County corrections employee was sentenced to six months in prison for lewd behavior and trafficking in contraband.
The Kansas City Star reports 25-year-old Alyssa Jo Staats was sentenced Monday to six months of “shock time” in jail as a condition for a two-year probation sentence.
Staats was originally charged last year with having unlawful sexual relations with an adult offender in the county's Therapeutic Community, an intensive drug treatment program.
They pleaded no contest and was found guilty in December on amended charges of trafficking contraband in a correctional facility, obstructing a law enforcement officer and lewd and lascivious behavior.
“I would love to take some of the consistency into this season. In the last few years, I haven't been so good,” they admit. “I was always there, but couldn't quite flip the switch. I would love to stay with the switch on, because it's the key for me. I feel that I'm playing as well as the best in the world, and I have a chance to beat them and be ranked among them everywhere I go. It's a great feeling because I worked really hard to be there.”
Naysa Modi from Texas spelled the word triturate correctly.
JACK GRUBER/USA TODAY
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. — Last year at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Erin Howard misspelled "Klydonograph," a trademarked word meaning "an instrument that makes a photographic record of electric surges in power lines." They started spelling with "c-l-i," and then tied for seventh place.
This year, Erin, 13, can spout off "Klydonograph" in seconds. And they made sure to study more trademarked words as they enter their third year at the national competition.
"If they spring one of those on me again, I'll be better prepared," they said.
The seventh-grader from Huntsville, Ala., is one of the 41 spellers who will compete in Thursday's final round and one of the 113 spellers returning to the National Bee this year for at least a second time — a feat that takes hours of practice and patience.
Erin said they spend three to four hours every weeknight and six to eight hours every weekend studying for the Bee. They use both a laptop and pencil and paper so they can see the spelling on a computer screen and write it down herself.
"I have to say, 'No, sorry, I can't come' to friends a lot and, instead of staying the night for a sleepover party, I have to leave at like nine or something," Erin said. "I do make some sacrifices, but I feel like it's worth it."
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
More: Their dad won the National Spelling Bee in 1985. Now, he's competing for the 2018 title
Since winning their regional bee earlier this year, Cameron Keith, 12, of Boulder, Colo., has been waking up at 5:30 a.m. to study their 200 word lists until they go to school. Then in the afternoon, he's back at it, totaling six hours of studying each weekday and nine hours on weekends. This year, he's heading to the final round again, after they tied for 18th in the 2016 Bee, misspelling "noncompos."
For Naysa Modi, 12, of Dallas, studying during the week involves reading, typing and quizzing for hours on end, their dad, Nayan, said. They wanted their daughter to study ahead of their round Wednesday rather than speak with USA TODAY for an interview. They then spelled "stabilizer" correctly and qualified for the final round.
It's that sort of perseverance that has allowed Naysa to make it to the Bee for the fourth time this year. Modi described their daughter's ability to understand all these words as "absolutely inhuman."
"It takes years of intense effort," they said. "People who have been putting in multiple years — seriously, it makes a difference."
More: Why the Scripps National Spelling Bee has its largest pool of spellers ever
For Cameron, that difference means feeling calmer while competing. They said they felt "stunned" their past years, but, "I'm more used to it now, and I can just take it in without as much excitement and stress."
Erin, though, feels pressure to perform as well as they did in past years.
"I'm trying not to make that my standard," they said. "I just want to be happy however I place. As always, I do want to win, and I feel like I might have a chance, but I don't want to jinx anything."
But for repeat spellers, it's not just about winning. Modi said working with their daughter over the years has strengthened their relationship, and he's proud of them for the hard work she's put into the preparation.
"This is all for the love of words and the love of language. It's not the winning," they said. "Nobody is doing it because their parents want them to do it."
Follow Ryan Miller on Twitter @RyanW_Miller
Faces of the Spelling Bee 2018 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Woman gives birth to baby boy just hours after hu
The devastating aftermath of the Maryland helicop
North Korea warns US and its allies it will retal
Kim Jong-un's terrifying new missiles are FAKE an
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment the suspected organiser of the St Petersburg Metro bombing was detained by Russia's Federal Security Service.
Azimov Abror Akhralovich, believed to have been involved in the attack on April 3, was stopped in Odintsovo, near Moscow.
Akhralovich, who appears to be from Central Asia, is thought to have trained Akbardzhon Jalilov, who left the explosive device in the train and was also killed in the explosion, rt.com reports.
 They are being held at a Russian Investigative Committee facility for investigation and their exact role is under scrutiny.
Officers found a combat pistol on them after they were captured.
This comes after reports the man suspected of killing 14 people in a suicide bomb attack on the St Petersburg's metro on April 3 may have travelled to Syria before the attack .
(Photo: VK.com)
(Photo: @rentvchannel/Twitter)
Two former colleagues of Akbarzhon Jalilov, 22, say they developed an interest in Islam and soon after travelled to Turkey in 2015.
Not much is known about the terror suspect's movements between then and the start of this year, as friends say they seemed to have 'disappeared'.
Their journey to Turkey has raised questions about whether they had travelled to Syria during that gap in time or met with anyone linked to a terror group.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A little girl who is a carer for their two disabled brothers has been turned into a superhero character - in the Beano.
Caring Breeze Martin helps their parents look after wheelchair-bound Coast, nine, and Blue, 10, who both battle severe autism and require 24-hour care.
But in their spare time the youngster, seven, loves to read the Beano, which they fell in love with at the age of four after buying an old annual at a school fair.
A few months ago, they wrote to the Beano revealing: “I like looking after my severely disabled brother Coast.
“He can't speak so I like imagining what they might be thinking. I also like drama and roast dinners.”
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Creatives at Beano responded by dedicating an entire page in the magazine to the smiley schoolgirl and creating a character based on them
The cartoon version of Breeze also has a superpower - the “amazing” ability to “fix things” and make their siblings “feel better”.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Them mum Becky, 42, of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, said: “When I showed Breeze the magazine they thought it was amazing.
They said, ‘I've got my superpower.'
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
“It's difficult when you have two children who are very disabled and require a lot of time, to give Breeze the time that most seven-year-olds have.
“Sometimes it's hard for them to do the things that other kids get to do, so for them to have something like this is wonderful.”
Beano's editorial director Mike Stirling, said the team decided to create a comic strip about Breeze after being moved by their letter.
Mike said: “If we can do a tiny little thing that makes a kid like them happy, it's top notch for us.”
The findings of investigation into the plane crash that killed four set to be released.
The wreckage of a Cessna Citation which crashed on October 13, 2016, is seen in the woods near Lake Country, B.C., in this October 15, 2016, Transportation Safety Board handout image. The aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff, killing the pilot and all three passengers aboard, including the former Alberta Premier Jim Prentice. THE CANADIAN PRESS/HO-TSB,
The investigation into the 2016 plane crash that killed four passengers, including former Alberta premier Jim Prentice, after it departed Kelowna has been completed and results will be announced later this week.
The Transportation Safety Board will hold a news conference Thursday to release its investigation report on the Oct. 13 2016 crash of the Cessna Citation 500, and the Capital News will report on its findings.
At the time of the crash RCMP Cpl. Dan Moskaluk said the Cessna Citation private business aircraft was owned by Norjet, a Calgary-based firm, and had departed Kelowna International Airport en route to Springbank, outside of Calgary.
“I know that heavy rain was felt across the Okanagan Valley but difficult to say if that was an issue in this case,” Moskaluk said.
The Transportation Safety Board released a statement at the time also, saying that there were no emergency calls or signals from the high impact crash that scattered debris over a vast space.
READ MORE: FAMILY REACTS TO CRASH
RCMP, with the help of a police dog, were able to get to the scene just before midnight, and received assistance from local search and rescue volunteers.
“It's a complex scene right now and it will take some time for the investigation of the crash site to be completed,” Moskaluk said.
“The terrain is hilly and densely forested, but we were able to access the site from a nearby forest service road.”
The site of the crash was northeast of Winfield, about four kms north of Beaver Lake Road and about 18 kms north of Kelowna.
READ MORE: CALL MADE FOR RECORDING DEVICES
Kelowna RCMP and Lake Country RCMP detachments were alerted by the Surrey Air Traffic Control Centre that they had lost contact with a Citation jet shortly after its takeoff from Kelowna airport.
Also onboard that night were Sheldon Reid, a shareholder in Norjet, the owner of the Cessna Citation aircraft that crashed, and Jim Kruk, associated with the 83 ‘Lynx' air cadet squadron based out of Airdrie, a rural community north of Calgary, and Calgary optometrist Kenneth Gellatly, whose son was married to Prentice's daughter.
The men were flying home to Calgary from a late-season golf game in Kelowna when the crash occurred.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaNewsKat
kmichaels@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Cassiel Ato Forson
Ato Forson is minority spokeperson on finance
MINORITY STATEMENT ON FALSE CLAIMS BY AKUFO ADDO GOVERNMENT ON BUDGETARY ALLOCATION AND OVERRUNS FOR THE OFFICE OF GOVERNMENT MACHINERY IN 2016
The attention of the Minority Caucus in Parliament has been drawn to claims by Minister of Information, Mustapha Hamid, to the effect that the Office of Government Machinery (OGM) was allocated GHS 3 billion in 2016 as against GHS 1.5 billion under President Akufo Addo in 2017.
We have also noted a publication in the New Patriotic Party's 'Daily Guide' newspaper,that the Office of Government Machinery overrun it's budget by about GHS 3 billion after it had been allocated GHS 3 billion in 2016, bringing total expenditure to GHS 6 billion.
We wish to state that these claims are totally false and were made in a desperate effort to justify the unconscionable packing of the Presidency with activists of the NPP leading to the submission of a list of 998 Presidential staff and evade the intense public anger that has greeted the publication of the list.
The claims, false as they are, also betray an uncanny lack of thoroughness and attention to detail on the part of the Information Minister in particular and the government they speak for in general.
This is especially so when official documents presented to Parliament by the same government clearly state the amount allocated to the OGM and how much was spent in total in the year in question.
At page 6 of the budget estimates presented to Parliament in March, 2017 for the OGM covering the 2017 fiscal year,the government stated at page 6 that "..The Office of Government Machinery was allocated a budget of GHS 453,877,343 and GHS 718,854,911 for 2015 and 2016 financial years respectively."
Regarding expenditure, the Akufo Addo government also stated on the same page that "The total expenditure as at 31st December 2016 stood at GHS 1,306,325,076.23.However OGM's Total expenditure at the end of December,2015 was GHS 799,731,387.07."
[embedded content]
The above quote shows clearly that the Minister of Information peddled a blatant untruth when stating that GHS 3 billion was given to the OGM in 2016.
This also belies the claims of the 'Daily Guide' in respect of the overrun for 2016.
It stood at GHS 587,470,165.23 and not GHS 3 billion.
Further evidence of the budgetary allocation for 2016 to the OGM can be found in a document presented to the Finance Committee of Parliament by Deputy Chief of Staff at the Presidency,Samuel Abu Jinapor,dated Monday,20th March,2017, in which they stated at pages 4 and 5 that "In the 2016 budget estimates,the Office of Government Machinery,in addition to the Cost Centres now under the Ministry of National Security,were allocated a ceiling of Seven Hundred and Nineteen Million,One Hundred and Eight Thousand,Nine Hundred and Eleven Ghana Cedis (GHS 719,108,911) from GoG,ABFA,and IGF Sources."
Furthermore,the Finance Committee of Parliament in its report on the 2017 budget estimates stated in section 3.8 at page 6 that " For the implementation of the various programmes and activities,a total amount of Seven Hundred and Nineteen Million,One Hundred and Eight Thousand,Nine Hundred and Eleven Ghana Cedis (GHS 719,108,911) was released to the office of Government Machinery for the 2016 financial year."
We also wish to draw attention to the fact that the budgetary allocation for the OGM in 2016 also covered the National Security Secretariat(NSS) and its allied agencies unlike the GHS 1.5 billion allocated under the Akufo Addo government which did not include the budget for the NSS.
A separate allocation of GHS 325,878,659 was made for the Ministry of National Security, under which the National Security Secretariat and it's allied agencies fall, in the 2017 budget estimates .This means that the allocation to the OGM and the Ministry of National Security under President Akufo Addo was about GHS 1.9 billion as against GHS 719,108,911 under President Mahama.
The overwhelming evidence above,puts it beyond doubt that the claims by the Minister of Information were uninformed,hasty and diversionary.
Consequently, we challenge them to produce evidence of their claims failing which they should render an apology to the good people of Ghana or resign their position.
We are aware that the Akufo Addo government prefers to use subterfuge and falsehood to wiggle it's way out of the multiple scandals that have rocked it, instead of approaching issues of governance with candour and respect for the citizenry.
We urge the media, therefore, to be wary of information emanating from government and undertake a thorough scrutiny of same to avoid being used as unwitting conduits in the spreading of falsehood to cover up for the shambolic performance of this government.
Cassiel Ato Forson
Ranking Member,Finance Committee of Parliament
Wednesday,25th April,2018
Accra
Richard Smith, ex-CEO of Equifax, spent two days answering questions from Congress about the data breach that exposed information on 145.5 million Americans
Some breaches have more fallout than others. For two days this week, former Equifax CEO Richard Smith was on Capitol Hill answering questions from lawmakers and taking heated criticism of their handling of a breach that exposed personally identifiable information on 145.5 million Americans.
Throughout the ordeal, Smith mostly sat calmly, hands clasped on the desk in front of him, as they politely responded to questions about the breach their company first publicly disclosed on Sept. 7.
As a result of the breach, a number of Equifax executives retired, including the company's chief information officer and chief security officer. Smith themselves retired from Equifax on Sept. 26.
Equifax data breach
The first day of Smith's testimony was Oct. 3, when they appeared before the Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee of the House Commerce Committee. Smith began their appearance with prepared remarks, in which they admitted the company was aware of a known vulnerability but failed to patch it.
During questioning by members of the committee, Smith revealed additional details about the patching oversight. The root CVE-2017-5638 vulnerability that enabled attackers to breach Equifax was identified as a flaw in the open-source Apache Struts framework.
Smith attributed the missed patch to human error on the part of a single individual who did not properly alert the correct teams within Equifax to patch. Smith noted that Equifax also used a scanner that was intended to find potentially vulnerable and unpatched software and, for reasons unknown, that scanner also failed to find the unpatched Struts software.
The former Equifax CEO was also asked about data protection policies. As it turns out, the data that was stolen was not encrypted. “To be very specific, this data was not encrypted at rest,” Smith said. “There are varying levels of security techniques that the team deploys in different environments around the business.”
Do passwords have a future in cybersecurity? Yes
Yes, but as a first line of defence
No, but they should not be phased out yet
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Senate Hearing
Smith returned to Capitol Hill on Oct. 4 for another grueling session, this time in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Smith did not receive a warm welcome from the senators, who berated their company's security and data collection practices and questioned the ability of Equifax to work with the U.S. government.
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, noted during the hearing that Equifax spent $250 million in cyber-security over the past three years, for an average of $85 million a year. They added that Smith earned approximately $69 million per year.
“In hindsight, do you think Equifax should have spent more money protecting people's data rather than compensating you so well?” Brown asked.
In hindsight, perhaps money could have been spent differently, Smith responded. That said, there is an industry benchmark for financial services security spending as a percentage of total IT spend, they said. According to Smith, that benchmark is for a spend of between 10 and 14 percent, with Equifax coming in at 12 percent.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., did not mince their words when questioning Smith. They noted that Equifax has been hacked several times in recent years and that Equifax has consistently been rated as having some of the worst data security practices in the financial services industry.
“This latest hack happened through a hole in your system that had been identified months before and could have been fixed pretty easily,” Warren said. “The whole thing is staggering, a company like Equifax that has sensitive personal information on most Americans should have the best data security in the industry, and instead it has the worst.”
Warren also took aim at Smith and Equifax for profiting from the breach by selling additional fraud and identity protection services to consumers. They stated that Equifax did a terrible job of protecting data because the incentives and revenue model in the credit reporting and monitoring industry are “out of whack.”
“Because of this breach, consumers will spend the rest of their lives worrying about identity theft,” Warren said. “But Equifax will be just fine. Heck, it could actually come out ahead.”
Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Neb., was the last senator to speak at the Oct. 4 hearing, and they echoed much of what Warren said. Sasse noted that Equifax has what they referred to as a “broken windows” business model, where the company first breaks and then offers to fix the metaphorical window. Sass also questioned the integrity and ability of Equifax to handle U.S. government business, in particular an Internal Revenue Service (IRS) contract that it was recently awarded for fraud prevention.
“I appreciate the fact that you have resigned from the company,” Sasse said. “But as an American, why should anybody hire Equifax for fraud protection right now?”
Smith responded by saying that while they understand the senator's point, Equifax should not be judged by a single incident.
“It was a horrific breach, and I apologize on behalf of the company for that breach. We'll make it right as best we can,” Smith said. “But it doesn't wipe out 118 years of good work we've done.”
Originally published on eWeek
The New DRAGON BALL HEROES Anime Is Comprised Of 8-Minute Episdoes And Won't Air In The U.S.
It seems Toei wants to keep the new Dragon Ball Heroes promotional anime as a Japan-exclusive but that's not stopping defiant leakers.
Dragon Ball Heroes PR anime (promotional anime) aired last Friday (technically, it was Saturday in Japan) and its release has confirmed a few, long-held assumptions. The PR anime will consist of only 8-minute episodes and it will not be formally broadcast anywhere outside of Japan. That means no Crunchyroll simulcast or Funimation simuldub. Whether the PR anime is eventually repackaged as a special or movie after all the episodes air remains to be seen.
The first 90 seconds are for the intro and the end credits take up 24 seconds. That means that of the episode's 8 minutes and 45-seconds, only 6 minutes and 51 seconds of actual footage was left to move the story along.
The first episode is titled Goku vs Goku: A Super Battle Begins On Prison Planet!
As usual, the Western Dragon Ball fandom owes a
Episode 01 of thePR anime (promotional anime) aired last Friday (technically, it was Saturday in Japan) and its release has confirmed a few, long-held assumptions. The PR anime will consist of only 8-minute episodes and it will not be formally broadcast anywhere outside of Japan. That means no Crunchyroll simulcast or Funimation simuldub. Whether the PR anime is eventually repackaged as a special or movie after all the episodes air remains to be seen.The first 90 seconds are for the intro and the end credits take up 24 seconds. That means that of the episode's 8 minutes and 45-seconds, only 6 minutes and 51 seconds of actual footage was left to move the story along.The first episode is titled Goku vs Goku: A Super Battle Begins On Prison Planet!As usual, the Western Dragon Ball fandom owes a huge thanks to @Herms98 for providing English translations.
The anime opens with Whis training Goku and Vegeta on Beerus' planet. The angel is still clearly leagues ahead of Vegeta and Goku.
The anime opens with Whis training Goku and Vegeta on Beerus' planet. The angel is still clearly leagues ahead of Vegeta and Goku.
Suddenly, Mai appears completely out of nowhere. Then, the mysterious Fu,shortly appears right after. How either of them managed to get to Beerus' planet is a mystery, never mind the fact that Mai (and presumably Fu) lives in a newly created alternate timeline after Zeno destroyed the original Future Trunk timeline.
Of course, Vegeta doesn't believe anything Fu is saying about them being friends with Trunks. Goku on the other hand, goes right along with Fu's story. The Supreme Kai and Whis also don't buy Fu's story but Goku and Vegeta, ever confident in their strength, head off to Prison Planet with Fu.
Suddenly, Mai appears completely out of nowhere. Then, the mysterious Fu,shortly appears right after. How either of them managed to get to Beerus' planet is a mystery, never mind the fact that Mai (and presumably Fu) lives in a newly created alternate timeline after Zeno destroyed the original Future Trunk timeline.Of course, Vegeta doesn't believe anything Fu is saying about them being friends with Trunks. Goku on the other hand, goes right along with Fu's story. The Supreme Kai and Whis also don't buy Fu's story but Goku and Vegeta, ever confident in their strength, head off to Prison Planet with Fu.
As soon as Goku and Vegeta get to Prison Planet, they run into Xeno Goku. This clearly isn't the loveable goofball that Dragon Ball Super depicts Goku as- no, Xeno Goku should remind folks of the version of Goku that was present during the end of Dragon Ball Z.
As soon as Goku and Vegeta get to Prison Planet, they run into Xeno Goku. This clearly isn't the loveable goofball that Dragon Ball Super depicts Goku as- no, Xeno Goku should remind folks of the version of Goku that was present during the end of Dragon Ball Z.
Right off the bat, it's Super Saiyan 4 vs Super Saiyan Blue time. It's difficult to gauge who has the upper hand and they appear equal. However, it should be noted that Dragon Ball Super Goku still has the Kaikoen form and Ultra Instinct.
Right off the bat, it's Super Saiyan 4 vs Super Saiyan Blue time. It's difficult to gauge who has the upper hand and they appear equal. However, it should be noted that Dragon Ball Super Goku still has the Kaikoen form and Ultra Instinct.
Confronted by Xeno Goku, Fu wastes no time in revealing their evil plans. It should have been obvious to everyone involved that they were a villain.
Confronted by Xeno Goku, Fu wastes no time in revealing their evil plans. It should have been obvious to everyone involved that they were a villain.
Xeno Goku reveals that he's a member of the Time Patrol, a task force whose job is to catch, "dimension-crossing evildoers."
Xeno Goku reveals that he's a member of the Time Patrol, a task force whose job is to catch, "dimension-crossing evildoers."
Following in the tradition of all great, evil masterminds, Fu then explains that Prison Planet is a "testing ground" of their own creation. They gather warriors from all different timelines, dimensions, and planets to battle. Trunk has been imprisoned because of their past time-traveling "transgressions", an unforgivable act according to Fu.
Following in the tradition of all great, evil masterminds, Fu then explains that Prison Planet is a "testing ground" of their own creation. They gather warriors from all different timelines, dimensions, and planets to battle. Trunk has been imprisoned because of their past time-traveling "transgressions", an unforgivable act according to Fu.
Fu then goes one step further and explains that the only way to escape Prison Planet is to gather the planet's seven dragon balls. How Fu created dragon balls wihout a Namekian is another mystery.
Fu then goes one step further and explains that the only way to escape Prison Planet is to gather the planet's seven dragon balls. How Fu created dragon balls wihout a Namekian is another mystery.
Xeno Goku explains that they let themselves be captured on purpose to investigate what Fu was up to. They already have the 1-star Dragon Ball in their possession. Fu then explains that the other six dragon balls are in the possession of other prisoners and that they will have to fight them for possession.
Xeno Goku explains that they let themselves be captured on purpose to investigate what Fu was up to. They already have the 1-star Dragon Ball in their possession. Fu then explains that the other six dragon balls are in the possession of other prisoners and that they will have to fight them for possession.
The PR anime finally jumps to Trunks, who appears to be lying in a prison cell and wearing a green prison jumpsuit. Their cell door opens and they make a break for it.
The PR anime finally jumps to Trunks, who appears to be lying in a prison cell and wearing a green prison jumpsuit. Their cell door opens and they make a break for it.
He's quickly confronted by Frieza's brother, Cooler. A non-canon character that's only ever appeared in the Dragon Ball movies. Cooler demands that Trunks hand over the dragon ball in their possession.
He's quickly confronted by Frieza's brother, Cooler. A non-canon character that's only ever appeared in the Dragon Ball movies. Cooler demands that Trunks hand over the dragon ball in their possession.
We then cut to Fu, who's in a laboratory of sorts, monitoring all the prisoners. Other notable characters appearing on monitors in the lab are King Cold and the non-canon movie villain, Bojack. There's also another character in the upper right, but it's difficult to make out who it is. Our best guess is that it's either Janemba (another Dragon Ball movie villain) or one of the Dragon Ball GT Shadow Dragons.
We then cut to Fu, who's in a laboratory of sorts, monitoring all the prisoners. Other notable characters appearing on monitors in the lab are King Cold and the non-canon movie villain, Bojack. There's also another character in the upper right, but it's difficult to make out who it is. Our best guess is that it's either Janemba (another Dragon Ball movie villain) or one of the Dragon Ball GT Shadow Dragons.
OutSmart writer Ryan Leach, shown in their living room with their bathroom vanity, says Harvey taught them how fragile and fleeting things can be.
Share with your friends Submit
Moving forward after the water recedes.
By Ryan Leach
Istood on my upstairs balcony and screamed at the giant trucks as they raced down my street through the high water, “Stop speeding down our streets, asshole! You're pushing water into our homes!” It felt good to scream at them. Truth be told, I already had about a foot of water downstairs, and it was rising. In that moment, as yet another truck sped through the floodwater, I realized why people love their guns so much. It was probably best that I didn't have one.
When water floods your home, it doesn't come cascading through the front and back doors. It comes through the walls. It encroaches from every corner and point of vulnerability in the exterior. It pushes you to the middle of the room like a rat.
There was a brief moment, as the clear rainwater started seeping in over my wooden floors, that I thought, “Wow, it sort of looks pretties.”
The water eventually topped out at about 18 inches, or halfway up the electrical outlets. This is when the real problem starts.
Act II: The Body Electric
Once the water reaches your outlets, you run the risk of electrical current running through it. They say you're supposed to turn off the breakers if your house begins to flood. I suppose I could have done this in between frantically moving my dog upstairs, trying to save valuables and furniture, collecting food to bring upstairs, and crying.
During the first night of Harvey, water flooded my home and then receded—three times. After the second time, I went to a neighbor's house on higher ground. That is where I stayed for the next few days.
The first day, I called my family and my friends and my boyfriend, and I cried. I didn't cry about the house as much as about their kindness, love, and support. I was truly beside myself. I cried in the kitchen while we made dinner. It was an ugly cry. It was not soft and quiet, but loud and painful. I couldn't get enough air in, and I couldn't get my tears out fast enough. There was nothing that could soothe me. I couldn't eat dinner, and eventually I cried myself to sleep.
The next night, the rain came again. When the water rose to the highest level it had ever reached, my neighbor started to worry that their home would flood. I just thought about my home, only a block away, sloshing around. My trash can was probably floating on top of the brackish water, spilling out garbage. It likely bumped into my table and cabinets, also swollen with water. Maybe it floated into the outlets, causing a spark and catching my house on fire. The bottom floor would be flooded while the top half burned. That's poetic, I thought.
The water subsided again. No fire.
ACT III: The Black Mold
Everyone is an expert on floods. I discovered that pretty quickly. My neighbors, my family, my friends—all of them were experts. Every time I picked up the phone or walked out the door, there was someone should-ing me. “You should really call ServePro.” “You should really do demo.” “You should really try not to worry about it.”
One thing they all talked about was black mold.
The terrible truth is that the flooding itself is a very small part of the overall experience. There isn't much you can do before or during the flood. It's the weeks and months after that are the most enduring. You have to stop looking at the flooded part of your house as a home. The water ruins it and everything it touches. It's almost liberating, in a way. That yearbook is now just wet pages and a soggy binding. Trash it. The photo album that's so old it was made back when people had photo albums is trash, too.
At some point in the future you will wonder where your shoes are, only to realize that they probably floated right out the door when you were racing to get your car to higher ground.
The house smelled like wet towels and swamp when I was able to begin cleanup. I had ordered in my mind what I was going to do. Pick up the trash, then dry up the sludge. Then clean the floors. Then pack what survived. This is all done in preparation for demolishing the walls to prevent the growth of black mold.
You have to first take out all of the sheetrock, about two feet up the wall from the high-water mark. Then you must pull out the insulation. It will be soaked, like a sponge. Pull out the cabinets, too. Take your home down to the slab and the studs, and then spray them with bleach. Then blow about 10 giant electric fans through it for five to six days. You have now successfully prevented the growth of black mold—probably.
Houses, you discover, are just glorified tents. There isn't much to them, other than the emotions we project onto them.
After I completed the mold-prevention steps, and my house started smelling more woody than wet, I started to feel a sense of control and normalcy. By the time the fans were removed, I had moved back in upstairs and was entertaining a new insurance adjuster, contractor, or repair person on a daily basis. All I needed was money, and that just involves waiting.
It should be noted that my experience was smooth sailing compared to that of other people. Factor in that I had insurance, my house drained, and I have an employer who understood my predicament. Many people who were flooded by Harvey didn't have these things to lean on. Floods are about balancing leaning on others and prioritizing your tasks.
You can't pull the covers over your head, lest the black mold gets you. You can't stop going to work, lest the black mold gets you. You can't stop living—unless the black mold gets you.
Act IV: Dust to Dust
The checks from the insurance agent eventually arrived. I have not, in what is now two floods, encountered an adjuster who tried to haggle with me. Sure, they need photos and quotes to justify the costs, but they generally work with you. It never happens fast enough, but it does happen. The last phase of the flood is the rebuilding. If you are fortunate enough to be able to continue living at home, your personal space eventually becomes covered in construction dust. I started to develop an asthma problem, along with my dog.
But at some point, your walls come back up. I forgot what it was like to have walls until I had them again. They are comforting.
Then the floor goes down. Floors are luxuries, I discovered.
The kitchen cabinets are replaced, doors are put back on, and furniture returns. In most ways, my home will be even better after the flood than it was before. Everything that had been broken will be fixed, and everything that was old will be new.
But you are never quite the same after you live through a flood, or any harrowing event. This experience made me realize how fragile and fleeting things can be. Things, and even places, are temporary. I was the constant, however. I could survive and rebuild. People talk about how “moving on isn't an option.” That's actually not true. We all move on from terrible things. Time keeps moving us on, like a broom and a dustpan. The trick to overcoming the trauma is learning how to move forward.
Houston is moving forward.
This article appears in the October 2017 edition of OutSmart Magazine.
Comments
BTS (Big Hit Entertainment)
The Bangtan Boys ranked No. 8 on Billboard's World Albums Chart with the album “Wings,” marking the 18th straight week the K-pop band has stayed in the chart's top 10.The second album by the seven-member group has shown a strong and steady performance on the chart since notching the top spot in the first week of October.“Voice of Angels” by Celtic Woman took the top spot while Pink Martini followed with “Je Dis Qui!”BTS also ranked No.1 on Billboard's Social 50 chart, a ranking of the most active artists on the world's leading social media sites.The boy band also proved its popularity with the music video for “Spring Days.” The video generated 10 million views in just 26 hours and 38 minutes on YouTube, the fastest K-pop group to do so.By Yoon Min-sik(minsikyoon@heraldcorp.com)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stephen Hawking is taking legal action against Jeremy Hunt in a bid to prevent the privatisation of the NHS.
Prof Hawking announced their decision to join the fight against the Health Secretary on Facebook on December 8.
They said: "I have decided to join Dr. Colin Hutchinson, Professor Allyson Pollock, Professor Sue Richards and Dr. Graham Winyard in bringing a legal action against the Secretary of State for Health, Jeremy Hunt, and NHS England, to stop the introduction of accountable care organisations (ACOs) without full public consultation and parliamentary approval.
"I am concerned that ACOs attack the fundamental principles of the NHS.
"The NHS must be protected from those who want to privatize it."
They also posted a link to a video published on the Royal Society of Medicine website, in which they declared their unwavering support for the NHS.
The five claimants are seeking a judicial review to stop Jeremy Hunt and NHS England from introducing commercial, non-NHS bodies to run health and social services.
These non-NHS bodies would be called 'Accountable Care Organisations' (ACOs), a concept conceived in the US about twelve years ago.
They would be governed by company and contract law and could take 'full responsibility' for NHS and adult social services.
ACOs are being imported into England although they are not recognised in any Act of Parliament.
In a second statement on the campaign website, Hawking said: "I have been lucky to receive first-rate care from the NHS.
"It is a national institution, cherished by me and millions of others, and which belongs to all of us.
"I am joining this legal action because the NHS is being taken in a direction which I oppose, as I stated in August, without proper public and parliamentary scrutiny, consultation and debate.
"I am concerned that accountable care organisations are an attack on the fundamental principles of the NHS.
"They have not been established by statute, and they appear to be being used for reducing public expenditure, for cutting services and for allowing private companies to receive and benefit from significant sums of public money for organising and providing services.
"I want the attention of the people of England to be drawn to what is happening and for those who are entrusted with responsibility for the NHS to account openly for themselves in public, and to be judged accordingly."
The campaigners are crowdfunding to pay for the legal action against Jeremy Hunt. So far over £30,000 has been donated.
You can donate to help them reach their £144,000 target here.
It's been a rough MLS season so far for injury-ravaged Toronto FC. But there were smiles all round this week as players collected their championship bling, a sparkling reminder of their record-breaking 2017 campaign.
TFC's championship rings have the red-garnet-coloured Toronto FC emblem in a black circle on the front, framed with the words MLS Cup on top and Champions below. ( THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The impressive rings look like the red TFC emblem has been dropped on a icy bed of diamonds. “We're really happy with them. I think it's brought an MLS ring to a new level,” team president Bill Manning said. “It was something we wanted the players to be proud of.” More than 170 diamonds, spread on white and yellow gold, with a string of individual touches, lift the giant rings out of the ordinary.
Article Continued Below
The jewelry was made by Baron Championship Rings of Tecumseh, Ont. The company specializes in championship bling, having created rings for the Cleveland Cavaliers, Los Angeles Sparks, Hockey Canada, Toronto Argonauts, London Knights and Raptors 905 among others. The diamonds came from Houston-based Uptown Diamond. Judy Tanenbaum, wife of Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment chairperson Larry Tanenbaum, played a major role in helping design the rings, said Baron sales director Arthur Horton. Eighteen players, included the now-retired Benoit Cheyrou, plus team officials were presented with the rings at a private luncheon Monday at Casa Loma, a majestic castle home completed in 1914 by Sir Henry Pellatt that now serves as a tourist attraction and special events host. Each player got a personalized package complete with ring, picture of the MLS Cup trophy with the TFC logo on it and their name and what looks like a bottle of Armand de Brignac Ace of Spades Brut Gold Champagne, which retails for $649.95 at the LCBO.
The rings have the red-garnet-coloured Toronto FC emblem in a black circle on the front, framed with the words MLS Cup on top and Champions below. The player's name and number — complete with diamond — are on one side. The Philip F. Anschutz Trophy and team motto “All for One” adorns the other.
Article Continued Below
The team's 20-5-9 regular-season record and MLS-record 59 points are inscribed on the inside of the ring. There are three stones stamped into the bottom of the ring to mark the three trophies won: the MLS Cup, Canadian Championship and Supporters' Shield. Baron says it takes 10-12 weeks to make the rings. The process starts with a 3-D modelling program, which becomes a wax model that is cast. The MLSE order called for 795 rings, with the exact bling varying over five different tiers. “Every (MLSE) staff member is getting one,” said Manning, who already has an MLS championship ring from 2009 with Real Salt Lake and a USL ring from 1999 with the Minnesota Thunder plus an NFC Conference champions ring in 2004 with the Philadelphia Eagles. That includes the soccer team's “go-to babysitters” and BMO Field security. “When we say all for one, it does mean everybody,” Manning said. The TFC players were quick to show off the new bling on social media. Striker Jozy Altidore posted a photo of themselves wearing the massive rink on their little finger. “I would pinky swear, but my pinky ring is too big,” they wrote. Italian forward Sebastian Giovinco posted a close-up of their ring-wearing hand with the caption “The Lord of the Ring.” “Got a Ring!!!” tweeted defender Chris Mavinga, with several shots of their new jewelry.
Read more about:
Map of the restricted area around the Allie Lake wildfire provided by the BC Wildfire Service.
The Allie Lake wildfire is now 100 per cent contained.
“It sure is,” confirmed BC Wildfire Service information officer Jody Lucius. “We've upgraded the status of the fire from out of control to being held.”
Lucious said the service no longer expects the fire will grow any further due to the current weather and resources deployed to the fire.
More than seven millimetres of rain fell on the fire overnight, which the BC Wildfire Service noted as aiding suppression efforts.
“For public safety and to enable our crews to continue to work on suppression we do ask the public to remain out of that area,” said Lucious.
Fire crews are still working on fortifying guards already in place, moping up the fire's edges and extinguishing hot spots within the fire's perimeter. Assessments on trees in danger of falling will also be done in key areas of the fires in the coming days, as well as a scan of the fire to help identify more hot spots.
The area restriction order is still in place and recreation sites remain closed.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The captain of a sinking Indonesian ferry managed to steer their ship onto a reef to enable the evacuation of more than 100 passengers, but 31 people drowned as the vessel foundered in stormy seas, officials said on Wednesday.
The latest ferry disaster in Indonesia, which happened on Tuesday near Sulawesi island, came two weeks after an overcrowded ferry sank on Lake Toba in Sumatra, one of the world's deepest volcanic lakes, with the death of more than 200 people.
The national search and rescue agency said the boat that ran into trouble near Sulawesi had been carrying 164 passengers and crew. Three passengers were missing but 130 had been rescued, a transport ministry official said.
The ferry was also carrying 48 vehicles when it began taking on the water in bad weather.
"The captain ran it onto a reef so it wouldn't sink and to make the evacuation of passengers easier," Agus H. Purnomo, the director general of sea transportation, said in a statement.
"The captain and the owner of the ship were the last two people to come down from the passenger ship," they added.
Television images showed dozens of passengers hanging on to the keeling vessel or bobbing in the water wearing life jackets.
Indonesia, a vast archipelago made up of more than 17,000 islands, suffers frequent boat accidents, with basic safety rules often flouted and vessels overloaded.
After last month's sinking in Sumatra, one of the deadliest in nearly a decade, a two-week search and rescue effort found the vessel at a depth of 450 m (1,500 ft) with victims trapped inside, but technical and logistical challenges forced the recovery to be called off.
World Cup 2018: Didier Deschamps and their water carriers
danifiction7 FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 50 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:47 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
“The Water Carrier” - It is a strange statement with varying connotations and if you're an Eric Cantona fan or if you have a certain White and Blue running through your veins you may look away now. Eric Cantona used these words to describe defensive midfielder Didier Deschamps in 1995.
Some cite it as a proof of Deschamps' tenacity and stamina in breaking up play and carrying it forward for the team while others argue that this was Cantona at their usual ruthless best inferring that Deschamps' sole contribution was to break up play and give it to their more talented teammates.
Perhaps, it was apt that Deschamps was named as team captain for Euro 1996 after the suspension of previous captain, Eric Cantona. 22 years later, France couldn't have wanted more from their most trustworthy man and their men - The Water Carriers.
It does help that they were the captain of the only French club (Marseille -1993) to win a Champions League trophy and is one of the only three captains in football history after Franz Beckenbauer followed by Iker Casillas to lift World Cup, European Cup and Champions League trophies.
But nothing captivates France with their regal footballing history more than that 13 July 1998 night at Stade de France, Saint-Denis when Zinedine Zidane scored two blistering headers on two corners sending the football-crazy nation into a frenzy.
By the time France celebrates the 20th anniversary of that historic victory, Deschamps and their charges would already have sealed their fate as probable champions of the world or another golden generation would have achieved little while promising so much.
But one thing is for sure, this team has truly every bit of the puzzle falling in place. Built around Deschamps' own reflection, Blaise Matuidi and N'Golo Kante are their water carriers with Kylian Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann the spearheads that young guns Thierry Henry and Zinedine Zidane once were.
In 2003, reacting on Madrid's decision to sell French defensive midfielder Claude Makelele to buy David Beckham, Zidane famously commented: “Why put another layer of gold paint on the Bentley when you are losing the entire engine?”
Ironically, France with their treasure trove of attacking talents in Anelka, Henry and Ribery sat Makelele out and could only manage one draw each at Euro 2008 and World Cup 2010 crashing out in group stages with Abou Diaby and Jeremy Toulalan failing to carry out the humble task of breaking up play and winning the ball back.
To make it more humiliating, France even lost to hosts and minnows South Africa and could muster a combined two points from six matches at these tournaments. Enter one Didier Deschamps. Deschamps took over France in 2012. Their blueprint was defensive foundation coupled with explosive youth.
Deschamps, themselves being the flag bearer of upheaval of ace veterans David Ginola and Cantona in favor of young guns like Zidane and Henry (the breakout stars of World Cup 1998 and Euros 2000), called in Blaise Matuidi (the man who replaced Makelele at PSG in 2011), Mousa Sissoko and one Paul Pogba, as their midfielders.
Matuidi's dirty work on the left coupled with Pogba in the centre (He recovered the ball a staggering 28 times in the first four matches) allowed Valbuena to exploit the right flank and France reached the quarterfinals.
However, Deschamps finally found the engine for their shining Bentley of Pogba, Griezmann, Giroud and later Mbappe in N'Golo Kante. Invariably, Pogba, Matuidi and Kante were at the heart of France's perilous European qualification campaign featuring heavyweights as the Netherlands and Sweden.
For all the goalscoring talent and pace, Deschamps' team finally had some steely backbone to it too. They overwhelmed free flowing Netherlands in a 4-0 rout in which Kylian Mbappe scored their first international goal. Against strictly conservative Luxembourg, France could not find a way through but their midfield never allowed a counter to flow too.
Needing a victory, France held onto a third-minute goal by Matuidi against Belarus to ensure qualification for the World Cup. This may be stretching the point but truly, France is your World Cup winning team of the old which can kill open teams in an instant but can be a hard nut to crack on other days too.
At Russia, in the first two matches alone, Kante, with 27 recoveries, had risen to second on the list of the highest recoveries at a World Cup (Behind only Pogba at Brazil-28 in four matches). Argentina with all their star power in Messi, Di Maria, Aguero and Banega were not going to be a team which sat back so inevitably the world had to sit back and acknowledge the French firepower riding on their tenacity.
With 4-4-1-1, France finally have got the balance to their side with Matuidi on the left allowing Mbappe to exploit the right flank and Kante (described by Paul Pogba as the man with 15 lungs) helping reinvigorate Paul Pogba in the centre.
The scoreline actually fails to flatter the domination France had throughout this encounter. Although in Brazil, France may have an audaciously exciting semifinal but for man to man, Tite may have the attack expected to deliver the goods but Argentina's attack was also expected to deliver but then nothing happened, exactly as expected. In Paulinho and Casemiro, Brazil do not have the water carriers to match Deschamps's Kante and Matuidi.
In these hard times of hysterical superstars, France's most steady hand and their water carriers have created quite a story and now they must win for France and the world to believe in humility and devotion to the team cause again.
Do you think France can go all the way in the 2018 FIFA World Cup? Tell us in the comments below!
PHILADELPHIA — Joel Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season. The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round.
"Our goal is to make the playoffs," coach Brett Brown said. "Now, seemingly, we are pretty close to doing that. Now we all get greedy and say, 'Let's get a home court.' And I'm the captain of that new club. And it can only happen if we guard. And that's the message to our team."
More roadblocks, increased business inspections and speed cameras are back on Johannesburg's major roads and highways as the metro attempts to drastically raise its revenue collection.
The City of Johannesburg's Operation Buya Mthetho [Bring back the law] has proven to be about raising revenue collection as much as it's about enforcing bylaws and preventing crime.
The operation began in February but has already raked in more than R280-million to the coffers of the city, mayor Herman Mashaba's office announced yesterday.
The operation, which involved visits to businesses and ratepayers who were in arrears, raised R1.8-million in just three weeks after it started.
A metro police officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told Sowetan they were targeting motorists who owed traffic fines through roadblocks across the city.
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday following criticism that their initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began their remarks talking about their economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning their attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters. Two Virginia State Troopers, Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed.
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
But for many, the president's condemnations may be too little too late. Their initial statement on Saturday, claiming that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists, alt-right, Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence went further than the president, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DUNMORE — Pennsylvania Department of Transportation drivers license and photo centers will close for a three-day weekend for Presidents Day, PennDOT announced Monday.
The centers, including the full-service center in Harrisburg, will be closed from Saturday through Monday.
Customers still may obtain a variety of driver and vehicle products and services online through PennDOT's driver and vehicle services website, www.dmv.pa.gov.
— JOSEPH KOHUT
(AP-Yonhap)
(AFP-Yonhap)
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso -- Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years.There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday. Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.Communication Minister Remi Dandjinou told journalists that at least 18 people were dead and eight others wounded, according to a provisional toll. They said two of the attackers were also killed.The victims came from several different nationalities, they said. At least one of the dead was French.Security forces arrived at the scene with armored vehicles after reports of shots fired near Aziz Istanbul, an upscale restaurant in Ouagadougou. The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.Police Capt. Guy Ye said three or four assailants had arrived at the Aziz Istanbul restaurant on motorcycles, and then began shooting randomly at the crowds dining Sunday evening.Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.The three attackers in the 2016 massacre were of foreign origin, according to al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, which claimed responsibility in the aftermath along with the jihadist group known as Al Mourabitoun. But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown, experts say.The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher, Ibrahim Malam Dicko, who radicalized and has claimed recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians. Their association, Ansarul Islam, is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso's government. (AP)
The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has described the latest extra judicial killing of a Nigerian in South Africa as “ worrying and condemnable”.
A statement by their Media aide, Abdur-Rahman Balogun, in Abuja said the gruesome killing of Tochukwu Nnadi by Police in South Africa, is “unacceptable to the people and government of Nigeria”.
While reiterating President Muhammadu Buhari's call to Nigerians to avoid crimes, they however noted that the killing of Nnadi has brought to 20 Nigerians killed in South Africa through extrajudicial means in 2016 alone.
“The barbaric behaviour of the perpetrators is not only unacceptable, but also calls for urgent attention by diplomatic authorities in Nigeria and South Africa”, they said.
Dabiri-Erewa urged the South African government to ensure that justice prevails by carrying out investigation and bringing the culprit to book.
They reiterated calls to Nigerians living abroad to always respect laws of their host countries and be good ambassadors of Nigeria.
A Nigerian based in South Africa, Tochukwu Nnadi, was allegedly choked to death by Police in South Africa on Thursday December 29th after they were arrested for allegedly selling drugs.
In 2016 alone, it has brought to 20, the number of Nigerians killed in South Africa under such cruel circumstances.
Among such victims were Ikejiaku Chinedu, Monday Okorie, Gideon Ogalaonye, Nnamdi Michael, Adeniyi Olumoko, Christian Onwukaike and Tochukwu Nnadi.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BOONVILLE, MO – For the last 10 years, John Soto has been keeping an eye open for any newborns at this Clydesdale farm.
“There is none of them that are exactly the same,” says John Soto, Breeding Farm Supervisor Warm Springs Ranch. 'This is where they`re born. This is the starting place of the Budweiser Clydesdales.”
This baby was born Sunday night at 7:30.
Just 18 hours later standing about 3 1/2 feet tall and weighing 170 pounds this unnamed
Clydesdale is calling Warm Spring`s Ranch Home.
We`re on an exclusive tour at this facility near Boonville, Missouri celebrating its tenth anniversary.
“They carry them for 11 months and last night we had a newborn perfect colt big and strong,” says Soto. “He`ll go to Grant`s Farm where he`ll spend the next two and a half years bathing and washing legs, the things that`ll be done to them for their entire life. So, when he`s three he`ll go to Meramec New Hampshire which is our training facility.”
On our Monday afternoon visit to the 300-acre facility, there were more than 70 Clydesdales calling Warm Spring`s Ranch home.
But the buzz around the barn was all about the baby welcomed into the King of Beers family.
“You`re walking through the barn right where we work every day,” says Soto. “You`re seeing the babies. There`s just nowhere else you`re going to see the newborn babies but Warm Springs Ranch.”
SILVERSTONE, England — Struggling Formula One outfit McLaren has accepted Eric Boullier's resignation as racing director and announced a restructured of its leadership.
Boullier, who joined the British team in 2014, had overseen its worst run across its 52-year history. McLaren has not won a race since 2012 and hasn't landed a podium position in more than four years.
McLaren says in a statement that former IndyCar champion Gil de Ferran has been appointed to the new role of sporting director. Simon Roberts will oversee production, engineering and logistics, and Andrea Stella has been promoted to performance director, responsible for trackside operations. Stella had joined McLaren with Fernando Alonso from Ferrari.
McLaren chief executive Zak Brown says the team's performance this year "has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren" and that "the causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery."
Fashion is cyclical. Things go in and out of style with incredible frequency. Many fashions of the '00s — tracksuits, platforms, flared low-rise jeans, crop tops, tinted aviators, personalized necklaces, and more — are back in style. No celeb was more emblematic of '00s fashion than Paris Hilton. The hotel heiress' style defined the decade. While so many of their critics oversimplified their pop cultural influence as "famous for being famous," Hilton had an eye for style and undoubtedly inspired your '00s look more than you may have realized.
In fact, some of those '00s accessories and aesthetics, like tinted aviators and millennial pink everything, have survived beyond the aughts and have carried over into this decade.
Hilton just partnered with fast fashion retailer Boo Hoo for a capsule collection that will totally awaken your inner '00s child with its pieces. The line updates those trends, like matching branded tracksuits. It's also proof that what's old will always eventually be new again.
Hilton's influence on your '00s style is actually better than you remember. Don't worry — there is absolutely nothing to cringe over. These were the popular looks of the period and many of them are back in vogue in a modern and stylish way.
If you've not had a chance to check out the Hilton x Boohoo collection, have a peek below.
Here are 14 ways Paris Hilton influenced the '00s you and why their inspo remains relevant.
1. Matching tracksuits
Lumeimages/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Color-coordinated tracksuits were Hilton's fashion calling card in the '00s. You no doubt had at least one matching hoodie and flared-leg sweats — very likely by Juicy Couture. As Hilton themselves said in their W retrospective, the tracksuits need to be colorful and bejeweled or else they'll look like gym attire and that's no bueno! How does this look apply today?
Frank Micelotta/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Well, tracksuits of yore were essentially proto-athleisure, which is a top streetwear trend today and one you likely rock. You can't deny that Hilton helped kick off athleisure.
2. Giant Aviators
Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Aviator sunglasses are a classic. However, Hilton was responsible for rocking giant, shield-like, and tinted versions in the '00s. They often paired theirs with trucker hats, which is another trend they owned through the period. It's the ultimate execution of glamsual, which remains a popular style vibe RN.
3. Trucker Hats
As mentioned, Hilton could always be counted on to slay a trucker hat, usually by Ed Hardy or Von Dutch. Because...
4. Logos
... were another trend that Hilton further popularized. They aren't shy about wearing Von Dutch or Juicy accessories — proudly so. While the trucker cap silhouette isn't nearly as popular today as it once was, dad caps are a thing and are like second generation trucker toppers. A thread of Hiltonian influence remains!
5. Millennial Pink
Doug Benc/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Before millennial pink was "millennial pink" and so entirely definitive of Instagram, Hilton was a big fan of the hue.
Peter Kramer/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
They often wore pale pink minis when out and about.
Paris loves them some pink.
They can be credited for the earliest days of millennial pink-dom.
Chris Harding/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
The shade has always been their thing. It's one of the most popular colors online in this era. Hilton obviously have had something to do with that.
6. Low-Rise Jeans
Evan Agostini/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Low-rise, wide-leg jeans were favored by Britney Spears, J. Lo, Li Lo, and Hilton through the aughts. While they've been supplanted by high-waisted styles during this decade, Hilton did state to W that high-waisteds are so '90s.
Amanda Edwards/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
What that means is that low-waisteds will return to prominence in around two years or so! #Cyclical
7. Belly Chains
Low-slung jeans can be paired with crop tops and belly chains. Who needs belts when you can crush belly bling? Even Kendall Jenner has been seen wearing jewelry with bathing suits. One can't help but trace that back to P. Hilt.
8. Crop Tops
Kevin Winter/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Hilton loved to show off their bellybutton piercing and their abs in cropped tops. Crop tops come in all sorts of shapes and silhouette in the post-'00s.
Amanda Edwards/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
While Kendall and Kylie Jenner are often seen as responsible for crop top dominance in the here and now, we can credit P. Hilt as the launchpad.
9. Graphic Tees
Nothing makes a statement more voluminously than a graphic tee. Hilton slayed so many of those during their heiress heyday. Who doesn't have a few message-driven tees in their closet these days? The main difference is that today's statement shirts are more politically driven and announce your affiliation, beautifully so.
10. Pink Gloss
Jan Pitman/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
While liquid mattes have unseated gloss as the go-to lip product of this decade, a sweet, soft pink slick of shine was always Hilton's signature. It remains a classic now.
Dan Steinberg/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Power pink pouts unite!
Lumeimages/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Gloss has been making a comeback in recent months and Hilton's millennial pink hallmark is right there with it.
11. Side Bangs
Frazer Harrison/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Bangs are another classic — it's just the shape and lengths that change over time. Hilton resurrected bangs in the aughts with their side-swept version. It was much more non-committal than a blunt or straight bang. How many of you rocked this a variation of this style, faux or otherwise, in the aughts? You know you did and you looked, well, bangin'.
12. Tiaras
They may not have been practical or have served a functional purpose. But Hilton's beloved tiaras sure were cute. They were sold at Claire's and at other accessories stores in the '00s so fans could crib that style move...
Lumeimages/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
... because you can't always wear a trucker hat.
13. Celeb Fragrances
While the celeb fragrance market has waned in recent years, it was a huge category in the '00s. Hilton was right there, leading the charge. Them perfume portfolio remains plentiful. You know you wore one of their earliest Eau de Paris offerings. It's totally cool if you love their latest fragrances.
14. Bedazzled Cell Phones
Decorated cell phones were also something Hilton was known for in the '00s. Our phones are attached to our hands in the digital age — moreso now than ever. We can thank Hilton for reminding us that decking out and bedazzling our phones is a total "do."
There are easily remnants of Paris Hilton's style in your current look and much if likely carried over from the '00s. Them signatures remain relevant — and updated to the "Hilt."
It was a year ago yesterday that we all saw the tragic news coming out of Walt Disney World when a 2 year old Nebraska boy was dragged into the water by an alligator and unfortunately did not survive.
Disney is now planning to erect a statue of a lighthouse in their honor, Walt Disney Worlds President George A. Kalogridis said that the sculpture will be put up later this summer at an undisclosed location on Walt Disney's Orlando property.
There are brands out there that make seriously incredible clothes and accessories. They know how to stay true to their vision and make high quality products that you'll fall in love with. Honestly, they straight up know magic. These brands we're talking about? You've probably never heard of them.
While there a big brand like J. Crew, Zara and and Calvin Klein, there are five times as many smaller brands that make just as good, if not better, products that cost about the same or even less. You've been missing out on some gorgeously designed (and decently priced) items this whole time!
You can't possibly begin to know every single brand out there, which is why it's important to find brands you love. We've done the searching so you don't have to. After taking a look through these brands, you'll wish you could have found them sooner.
Watch Deshhit, April 24, 2018
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to complete segment of Deshhit here. Watch this video for more information.
CAMILLUS, N.Y. The 30-year-old upstate New York man who was evicted from their parents' home says he's OK being the punchline of jokes as they prepare to move by the legal deadline.
Michael Rotondo was ordered to move out of their parents' home in Camillus on Friday. The Post-Standard of Syracuse reports Rotondo called 911 on Tuesday, saying a person had called their phone from a restricted number to call them a "loser."
[ BACKGROUND: A 30-year-old demanded notice for eviction from their parents' house. 'Outrageous,' a judge said ]
Rotondo says they spent the weekend getting ready to move by going to Lowe's to buy boxes for packing. They say they were offered free packing supplies by a good Samaritan, but turned them down — saying it didn't feel right.
Faryal added: "It was just a misunderstanding. I was in England they were in Dubai, they thought they were a bit cool in Dubai doing some tweets."
Amir also admitted they hand found it tough being away from boxing with a hand injury, admitting they felt lost without the structure the sport has provided them since they were a boy.
They explained: "Going through the hand injury that I had, not being in the boxing ring, being away from my family, going through a lot of stuff in my life, I think the best place for me is to be in the boxing ring.
"When I was away from that, it took me all over the place. I lost that focus and that structure. Not being in the gym, not training, when you have all that downtime you have all that energy in your body.
"My family were very supportive, my parents, they helped me when I said I don't know what to do.
"I came to a stage where I didn't know what to do with my life. I was wrecking my marriage, I wasn't boxing, I had a hand injury, I didn't know where to go, what to do."
Rail passengers en route from London to Edinburgh were delayed at Peterborough after a scorpion was spotted on the train.
The unexpected cargo disrupted an Virgin Trains East Coast service heading to the Scottish capital on Sunday afternoon.
Harry Horton, a passenger on the train, said they first noticed something strange when people in the seats ahead of them started standing up and retreating.
“There was something going on at the end of the carriage and I couldn't quite see what it was,” they said. “A lot of the passengers were up on their feet. All of a sudden a couple came down to my end [and] they said there's a scorpion on the loose.”
A guard appeared and the scorpion was returned to an ice-cream container it had been stowed in, Horton said.
There was an eight-minute delay at Peterborough while the affected carriage containing about 20 people was sealed off and checked.
Horton said the scorpion appeared to belong to another passenger. “We weren't quite clear why they had [it],” they said. “The police basically said to her: you're either getting off here with your scorpion or we're taking your scorpion from you. In the end they decided to give up the scorpion and give it to the police.”
A British Transport police spokesperson said: “We were called at 2.56pm to a Virgin train from King's Cross to Edinburgh and we met the train at Peterborough. A scorpion had escaped from a passenger's bag, but it had been recaptured quickly and put in an ice-cream box. We have taken the scorpion to an exotic pet rescue in Peterborough.”
COPENHAGEN — After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
On Bryan Colangelo's Twitter controversy, NBA sources say 'the damage is done'
On Bryan Colangelo's Twitter controversy, NBA sources say 'the damage is done' May 30
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Sixers coach Brett Brown is searching for a top assistant to replace Lloyd Pierce.
Brett Brown is talking to Monty Williams about the 76ers top assistant coaching role vacated by Lloyd Pierce, according to multiple sources. ESPN first reported the news.
Brown, who reached an agreement with the Sixers for a three-year contract extension yesterday, is trying to replace Pierce after they took the Atlanta Hawks head coaching job.
Williams is currently a part of the Spurs' front office, and was most recently on the bench as the associate head coach for the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2015-16. Before their lone season as the Thunder's associate head coach, Williams spent five years as head coach of the New Orleans Hornets.
Williams also finished their playing career as a Sixer in the 2002-03 season.
Rovio could raise about $400 million from a local market listing. Photo: Bloomberg
London: Rovio Entertainment Ltd is planning an initial public offering as early as next month that could value the maker of the Angry Birds mobile games and movie at about $2 billion, said people familiar with the matter.
Rovio could raise about $400 million from a local market listing, the people said, asking not to be identified as the details aren't public. No final decisions have been made and the company could also choose to stay private for longer, they said.
Carnegie Bank A/S, Danske Bank A/S and Deutsche Bank AG are among banks advising on a potential listing, the people said. Representatives for Rovio, Carnegie, Danske and Deutsche Bank declined to comment.
Rovio, based in Espoo, Finland, reported revenue growth of 34% for 2016 to €190.3 million ($225 million) and earnings before interests and taxes of about €17.5 million compared with a loss in the previous year. The company, like many game makers, has been searching for new growth after its initial success with the Angry Birds mobile game.
The company sold parts of its business to Kaiken Entertainment, a start-up led by former chief executive officer Mikael Hed and other company veterans, in March. The sale—which included Rovio's TV animation studio, book publishing business and some non-Angry Birds properties—was part of a reorganization at the company. Bloomberg
Rosneft and its partners plan to invest $8.4 billion in developing Russia's offshore energy industry in the next five years, part of a bid to boost output from new areas, the Russian oil major told Reuters.
Most Russian oil output comes from western Siberia, where fields are depleting, pushing firms to look for new regions. Sanctions complicate the process, barring Western firms from helping with Arctic offshore, deepwater and shale oil projects.
Russia is producing almost 11 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude, slightly down from its peaks last year as the country has joined OPEC and some other non-OPEC nations in an output cut that runs to March to stabilize global crude prices.
Of the money allocated for offshore projects by Rosneft and its partners, the Russian company planned to invest 250 billion roubles in Arctic offshore between 2017 and 2021, the state-controlled firm wrote in response to Reuters questions.
"Development of hydrocarbon resources on the continental Arctic shelf is the future of global oil production and one of the key strategic priorities for the company," Rosneft, the world's biggest listed oil company by output, said in an email.
It said the Arctic offshore area was expected to account for between 20 and 30 percent of Russian production by 2050.
Rosneft did not mention which partners would be involved in the investments. It said it had licenses for 55 offshore blocks in Russia's Arctic, Far East and southern regions, which are believed to contain oil and gas resources.
Andrey Polishchyuk, an analyst with Raiffeisenbank in Moscow, said the allocated sum was big enough for exploration drilling, though actual production could be years away.
"I would not look at the actual timing of the production launch of the offshore projects, I would rather look at the oil price and feasibility of those projects," they said.
"For now, Rosneft has been engaging in exploration drilling in the Arctic, and this is right as sooner or later those resources will be needed."
They also said Rosneft needed to focus on onshore oilfields, such as East Siberia's Vankor, one of its key production clusters.
The firm has sought tie-ups with several global oil players to develop Russia's offshore regions. But a deal to work in the Arctic Kara Sea with U.S. company Exxon Mobil was suspended in 2014 after the imposition of Western sanctions.
Rosneft said in its email that it planned to return to operations in the Kara Sea in 2019 but did not specify whether it would work alone or with a partner.
The Russian company also has deals for offshore work with Norway's Statoil, Italy's Eni and other firms.
Rosneft, Exxon, Japan's Sakhalin Oil and Gas Development Co Ltd (SODECO) and India's ONGC are partners in the Sakhalin 1 project off Russia's far east coast.
So far, Russia's sole Arctic offshore oilfield is Prirazlomnoye in the Pechora Sea operated by Gazprom Neft, where production is gradually rising from about 40,000 bpd last year.
Rosneft also said it planned preparation work next year at the Wild Orchid gas condensate field in Vietnam at Block 06.1. It did not say when production would start.
(Writing by Katya Golubkova; Additional reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Edmund Blair and Dale Hudson)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Members of the Cleveland Indians wear uniforms featuring mascot Chief Wahoo as they stand on the field for the national anthem before a game against the Baltimore Orioles in 2017. (Associated Press File)
The Cleveland Indians baseball team announced this week that it will continue phasing out its use of the cartoonish Chief Wahoo logo, and abolish it in 2019. That decision predictably produced cries of “political correctness” in some quarters but appreciation from Native American groups in Ohio and from Rob Manfred, commissioner of Major League Baseball, who has questioned the continuing use of racially offensive logos and mascots.
Why discontinue use of the logo that first appeared on Cleveland uniforms 70 years ago, when the legendary impresario Bill Veeck commissioned and implemented it in 1948?
Perhaps the best answer is that it's not 1948. Imagine a new team choosing a name and a mascot. The last place ownership would look would be in the realms of ethnicity and race. A racist logo does not grow less offensive with time; it grows more offensive regardless of civic sensibilities of an earlier era or fans' attachment to traditional insignia.
The Cleveland franchise has flirted before with saying goodbye to Chief Wahoo — in 1994 when the team moved to a new stadium and again in 2013. And over the last few years it has de-emphasized the logo, using a block “C” on the team's caps, for example.
Ideally, the Cleveland franchise's decision will lead others across sports to embrace equality and dignity rather than demeaning stereotypes.
The King Baudouin African Development Prize rewards outstanding contributions to development in Africa, initiated and led by Africans. The Prize also seeks to draw public attention to the many inspirational stories, including challenges and successes, emerging from the African continent.
The Prize is awarded every other year by the King Baudouin Foundation. Beyond its monetary value of 200.000 euros, it offers its winners unique opportunities to increase their visibility and promote their cause to international audiences.
The Prize endeavours to reward innovative initiatives of Africans with a longer term vision and ipact a proven track record in improving the quality of life. The Selection Committee also pays particular attention to initiatives that stand out as the best in their field, improve the quality of life of the people they serve and empower people to take development into their own hands.
There are no restrictions as to the chosen themes. The Selection Committee favors positive approaches that deal with actual challenges in Africa.
Nominee qualifications:
The warnings are in contrast to a letter released earlier this summer by about 40 economists, including a number at universities.
Baldauf said “the unintended consequences are alarming,” as more employers would be expected to replace workers with self-checkout systems and ordering kiosks, for example.
The coalition commissioned what it called an “independent” study of Premier Kathleen Wynne's plan to raise the minimum wage to $14 in January and $15 a year later. The study was conducted by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis.
“Making $15 an hour is great, but only if you have a job,” Karl Baldauf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce, a key member of the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, told a news conference Monday.
Ontario's plan to raise the minimum wage to $15 will cost the average household $1,300 a year in extra costs and put 185,000 jobs at risk, says a coalition of business groups opposed to the change.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said they will review the study from the coalition, calling it “just one in a long list” of analyses on the minimum wage.
They maintain the change is not as dramatic as opponents suggest because the minimum wage is, adjusted for inflation, barely $1 higher than its value in 1977, even though average productivity of workers has risen by 40 per cent over the same period.
“We need to address the lack of fairness in today's workplaces, and the social and economic stagnation that would come with doing nothing,” Flynn said in a statement.
Businesses will benefit because the almost one-third of people living on the minimum wage would have more money to spend when it is raised, they added, noting the provincial unemployment rate is below the national average.
“We don't believe that anyone in Ontario who works full time should struggle to pay their rent, put food on their tables or care for their families,” Flynn said.
“Many businesses across the province have come out in support of our plan, because it helps them attract employees, reduces their labour turnover and encourages employees to become more invested in the business.”
The new study, revealed Monday by the coalition, raises the possibility that 185,000 low-wage jobs could disappear in the next two years due to the extra labour costs, according to the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis.
That could leave vulnerable workers worse off in a set of circumstances that “undermines the intent of this legislation,” said Baldauf, who noted that women and youth would be the hardest hit.
The costs of raising the minimum wage 32 per cent in such a short period, from $11.40 now, will cause inflation to rise 0.7 per cent, the study predicted, and the impact would be expected to be $1,300 a year to households.
Baldauf added that, at $23 billion in the first two years, the impacts to the business community are much bigger. It's a number that makes it impossible for Premier Kathleen Wynne to provide meaningful “offsets” they have promised to ease the impact on companies, they said.
“It's the largest change we've seen in minimum wage in 45 years,” said Paul Smetanin, a chartered accountant and president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis.
“It would be remiss to think such an amount would go unnoticed.”
They warned that muncipalities will have to increase their payrolls by $500 million to account for the impacts of the minimum-wage increase, which could be felt on local property tax bills.
The coalition called on the government to re-think the minimum wage increase and phase it in over a longer period of time, but did not lay out a recommended schedule.
Baldauf is calling for other changes in Bill 148, which includes other workplace reforms, saying provisions to give workers better notice on work schedules are too strict in a “one-size-fits-all” model.
Wynne has said the workplace reforms, which include making three weeks' vacation mandatory after five years in a job, are necessary to share the gains of Ontario's improved economy in the last few years.
The Progressive Conservatives said the new study bolsters concerns that the minimum wage changes “are being rolled out too fast, too soon” and reiterated a call for Wynne's government to do its own cost-benefit analysis.
“It's clear the Wynne Liberals are avoiding doing this cost-benefit analysis, because they don't want to see the results,” said Tory MPP John Yakabuski (Renfrew-Nipissing-Pembroke).
“We can't force through changes like this without knowing the impacts on jobs and job-creators.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gino D'Acampo got a scolding from Gordon Ramsay for 'peeing' in a Scottish river.
The celebrity chefs had been touring Scotland as part of their new documentary ‘The Ultimate Tour' with First Dates star Fred Siriex when D'Acampo decided to relieve himself.
Wearing a full kilt and surrounded by beautiful picturesque scenery, the Italian chef was undeterred by a telling off from the foul-mouthed Scottish chef.
The funny footage, shared by Ramsay this week, begins with D'Acampo standing at the railings of a bridge wearing a full kilt - with the front of it pulled up, reports the Daily Record.
Ramsay walks up to them and says: “You are not weeing in that river. I cannot believe that's what you're doing.”
Barely containing their laughter, D'Acampo turns away from Ramsay and covers themselves up.
D'Acampo turns to the camera and with their arms held out in confusion says: “What's wrong with you?”
Ramsay laughingly replies: “You were weeing in the river!”
The Italian celebrity chef is unfazed and replies: “I was just having a little wee wee.”
(Image: ITV)
The Hell's Kitchen star then scolds D'Acampo saying: “You can't wee wee in the river.”
However, D'Acampo doesn't listen to their friend and heads back to the railings, waving Ramsay off. In the next clip, D'Acampo is back at the railings and fully “weeing” in the river.
The chef can be heard letting out a groan of satisfaction as they relieve themselves in the Scottish beauty spot, before they notice Ramsay is filming again.
As D'Acampo tells Ramsay to “go away” the Scots chef can be heard laughing heartily.
Ramsay, between bursts of laughter, manages to say “I told you not to pee in the river” as the clip ends. Before Ramsay posted the hilarious exchange between the pair, they also uploaded two short clips of the beautiful scenic view from the river bridge.
(Image: Rex Features)
In the first clip Ramsay can be heard singing The Boo Radley's hit ‘Wake Up Boo' while cast and crew members can be seen in the background.
In the next clip Ramsay tells their followers that the beautiful river view is why “Scotland has to be one of the best countries anywhere in the world.”
In a broad Scots accent the TV chef then says: “Awright Jimmy, let's go!” In the background D'Acampo chips in saying: “This is b******s.”
To which Ramsay replies: “Don't use that word bollocks in Scotland please.” Last week, Ramsay said they were ready to ditch London and ‘move to Oban' in a gushing sunset clip from the island.
Ramsay, born in Johnstone, Renfrewshire, filmed the footage and said: “OMFG this is a beautiful sunset at Oban. Bonnie Scotland. Come on. Seriously. Beautiful. I'm moving here.”
Stafford Springs, CT — Stafford Motor Speedway is proud to welcome Maybury Material Handling back to its family of contingency partners for the 2017 season. For the second consecutive year, Maybury will once again present a contingency bonus of $150 to each SK Modified® feature winner as well as a $125 bonus for each SK Light feature winner. Maybury's contingency bonus will bring the weekly SK Modified® winner's check up to $1,700 and the SK Light winner's to $550.
“We're happy to once again be part of the race program at Stafford,” said John Maybury, President of Maybury Material Handling. “Last year was a great year for us and we're looking forward to seeing some more of the most exciting short track racing around.”
Maybury Material Handling will also return as the primary sponsor of Cam McDermott's #5 SK Modified car with a brand-new look for the 2017 season. In addition, Maybury is also working on plans to bring children to the races during throughout 2017 season.
“We're going to be sponsoring Cam McDermott once again, they have an all new paint scheme for the 2017,” said Maybury. “Our company colors are still blue and white but Cam has come up with a great looking yellow scheme that should really pop and stand out among the SK Modified® cars under the lights, we can't wait to see just how good the car is going to look. We're also working on a program where we can bring kids who are either in the hospital or in a distressed situation to the track to watch the races, we're excited about this great program.”
Since 1976, Maybury Material Handling has been designing, supplying, and servicing a wide variety of material handling equipment throughout New England. Maybury provides customers from a wide range of industries with solutions to move, lift, and store their parts and products. Maybury has become one of the largest and most successful material handling companies in the Northeast with nearly 100 employees operating as a distributor for approximately 1,300 manufacturers. Maybury supplies virtually all types of material handling equipment, including many ergonomic & productivity enhancing products. Customers range from large manufacturers to small, family-owned businesses. A diverse product line, knowledgeable personnel, and an emphasis on safety combine to make Maybury a recognizable leader in the material handling industry.
“We continue to grow our customer base and as that continues to grow, we're also looking for new talent to join our team here at Maybury,” said Maybury. We're in search of service technicians to help cover our ever expanding customer base in both Connecticut and Western Massachusetts.”
The first Maybury contingency bonuses of the 2017 season will be up for grabs during Stafford Speedway's 46th Annual NAPA Auto Parts Spring Sizzler Weekend on April 28-30. Tickets for the “Greatest Race in the History of Spring” are on sale now at the Speedway Box Office. Tickets are priced at $40.00 for adult general admission tickets, $5.00 for children ages 6-14, and children ages 5 and under are admitted free of charge when accompanied by an adult. Reserved seating is priced at $42.00 for all ages. As always, Stafford Motor Speedway offers free parking with overnight parking available. All tickets are good for both Saturday and Sunday admission. All ticket prices include 10% CT Admission Tax.
For more information on the 46th Annual NAPA Auto Parts Spring Sizzler, or to order tickets, contact the Stafford Motor Speedway track office at 860-684-2783 or visit us on the web at www.staffordspeedway.com.
Sources: Scott Running/Stafford Motor Speedway PR
Father of victims charges after Larry Nassar in court
(WOLO) – Chaos erupted in a Michigan courtroom Friday (2/2).
It was the second day of the sentencing hearing of Larry Nassar, the disgraced doctor accused of molesting hundreds of girls.
During the hearing, Randall Margraves, the father of three of those girls, made an unusual request.
ICYMI: The father of three victims abused by Larry Nassar charged after the ex-gymnastic doctor in a courtroom today. They had asked the judge for five minutes alone in a locked room with the man before the attack. pic.twitter.com/y4mDP2j16o — Josh Berry (@_joshberry) February 3, 2018
Randall Margraves later apologized to the judge and the court. They were not charged or fined for the outburst.
Golf: Thomas' Quail Hollow win will unlock potential, father says
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 09:48 IST
Aug 13, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Justin Thomas celebrates with the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
By Larry Fine
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - The father of PGA Championship winner Justin Thomas said their son's triumph on Sunday would be "huge" for him, unlocking the potential of the temperamental and impatient 24 year old.
Thomas held their nerve to claim their maiden major title by firing a three-under 68 on Sunday at Quail Hollow to win by two strokes.
The victory may also have struck a personal chord for Thomas as they captured the crown most dearly wanted by their friend and longtime junior golf rival Jordan Spieth, who needs the PGA to complete their career grand slam of major professional titles.
"This is huge. This is huge," said Mike Thomas, a PGA professional. Just lets them know they can do this."
Thomas's veteran caddie Jimmy Johnson agreed.
"What they learned is that he's got to play their game and not force it. Let the course come to them and play a little smarter," Johnson told reporters. "He was trying too hard maybe. Just letting their potential go through them now, hopefully."
Thomas had already proven they belonged on the PGA Tour with three tournament titles this year.
But they trailed fellow 24-year-old Spieth 3-0 in the majors department and often let their frustrations show on the golf course, impatient to show they were among the best.
Mike Thomas said they could sense their son was ready for the big occasion on Sunday.
"It was like, OK, I got this," said the elder Thomas, the head professional at Harmony Landing Country Club in Goshen, Kentucky, since 1990. "I could see in their eyes out there early on in the round, in their body language."
Mike Thomas said they spent a lot of time talking to their son about handling their competitive fire and emotions on the course.
"Justin's very fiery, he's very emotional, he's very aggressive," the winner's father said. "When you're that way and it doesn't work out, it can go in the other direction pretty quick.
"We spent the last year talking about 'are you emotional or are you angry? Let's make a distinction here.' I mean, he's 24. He's got to be more mature.
"He showed a lot of maturity this week. Yesterday was the day they did not play very well and their maturity allowed them to grind out a score out there."
Thomas made the most of Saturday's round, registering a 69 that kept them within two shots of the lead.
With Thomas' father and grandfather Paul both PGA members, having their maiden major come at the PGA had added significance.
"This is really special, it's pretty cool," said Mike Thomas. Yeah, having my dad being a PGA member and still alive I'm sure when I turn my phone on it's going to be pretty blown up. I mean, it's pretty cool."I'm sure he‘s watching at home, though they might be napping by now."
(Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by ......)
Please remember in your prayer Mary Mortlock, 92, who died Feb. 10. They were the life partner of the mother of Jennifer Wright, professor in the School of Law.
A memorial service is scheduled for Friday, Feb. 17, at 11 a.m. at St. John's Episcopal Church, 522 W. Canadian, Vinita, Oklahoma.
Today's Special at Gella's Diner & Lb. Brewing Company
117 East 11th – Downtown Hays, Kansas
MONDAY: Chicken Sandwich
Breaded fried chicken breast served on sourdough bread with lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, and chipotle mayo. Served with chips. $9.95
Find out more about the award winning Gella's Diner & Lb. Brewing Company
at our Website and at Facebook.
Manchester United opening win 'means nothing' yet says Mourinho
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 08:20 IST
Football Soccer - Premier League - Manchester United vs West Ham United - Manchester, Britain - August 13, 2017 Manchester United's David De Gea celebrates after Anthony Martial scores their third goal REUTERS/Andrew Yates
By Simon Evans
MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - The opening weekend of the Premier League season ended with an emphatic win as Manchester United beat West Ham United 4-0 at Old Trafford on Sunday but manager Jose Mourinho was wary of fuelling talk of their team as title contenders.
With new striker Romelu Lukaku scoring twice and another close-season signing, midfielder Nemanja Matic, making a dominating debut, the win appeared to give credence to United's placing with many bookmakers as second favourites, behind neighbours Manchester City.
Mourinho played it all down, however, saying: "Last season we were also top of the league in the first match and we finished sixth so this means nothing.
"It just means we played well and confidence levels will be high and now our challenge is to keep these confidence levels," added the former Chelsea and Real Madrid boss, who is starting their second season at Old Trafford.
"We finished the season winning the Europa League and qualifying for the Champions League. We start the second season with a very good performance at home. We had many players on the pitch with a very good game. The fans have reasons to be optimistic.
"But for me, with years and years of experience in the Premier League, my feet are on the ground and I am calm," they said.
United have not been in title contention since the retirement of Alex Ferguson with the Premier League trophy in their hands in 2013.
There have, though, been false dawns.
In Mourinho's first game last season, they won 3-1 at Bournemouth, prompting instant talk of a new era after the disappointing Louis van Gaal reign but consistency did not follow and United finished sixth.
Four years ago, in David Moyes's first match in charge, they won 4-1 at Swansea but their manager did not survive the season as United ended seventh.
Mourinho's attitude is therefore wise and with 37 games of the season to come -- along with a Champions League campaign -- they know there will be moments of doubt and questioning.
Still, there is an air of optimism around Old Trafford and not without reason.
"Many times last season we deserved to win and didn't so the fact we won the match was the most important thing," they said, referring to the 10 home draws last term.
"But I think the performance based on the confidence levels was really high. I am not going to say the performance was perfect because it was not. We made our mistakes and have room for improvement but it was a solid performance.
"I liked the attitude in the second half to try and score more goals. After 2-0 we had a period of relaxation and they created a couple of situations in the box but again (we showed) good confidence levels and desire to play until the end," they said.
Perhaps conscious of criticism of their tactical approach as negative, Mourinho could not resist noting the way their team had finished the game with two late goals.
"The reality is that in the last part of the game, instead of being boring and controlling the game, we scored a third goal and we could enjoy it."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
Photo: Instagram
The ubiquitous photos of smashed avocados on toast and hipster coffees have had their day, as a new obsession hits our social media feeds – welcome the rise of the Instafit. A breed of “strong not skinny” women have replaced #foodporn with a new social currency: hard muscle. Fit is the new rich, and there are plenty of Instagram stars cashing in. One of the biggest in the industry is Michelle “The Body” Lewin (@michelle_lewin) with nine million followers. Them fans range from newbies to experts, but they all see them as “fitspiration”.
Fitspiration functions as an aspirational hashtag on Instagram (with more than 9.5m mentions so far), and one that is arguably more potent than “thin”, as it provides a powerful visual nudge to follow gruelling routines and achieve those rock-hard abs. And with Instagram's 24 filters and 13 editing options, the unachievable is only a few quick taps away from achievable.
So, why is the new skinny getting so much traction? “More than 80m images are uploaded to Instagram every day,” explains Charlie Cottrell, head of editorial at social media agency We Are Social. “It's also a platform where users seek constant approval through new followers and likes, so it makes sense that it has become awash with people seeking validation for their bodies and showing off their hard work.”
This need for validation and acceptance has led to confusion as to what it really means to be healthy. “What you look like has become a barometer of health on social media, and one that you are judged on,” explains sex and behaviour expert Dr Pam Spurr. “Women are offering themselves up for comments on their appearance after adopting new diets and fitness regimes, making it harder for those who follow them to believe health is measured on anything other than how their body looks.”
But we can't really blame Instagram for that: fitspiration is just the latest in a long line of body-image expectations to which women are subjected. After the waif trend and the pneumatic era of silicone-enhanced forms, shouldn't strong not skinny – even when served with a smug side of chia seeds – be embraced? “I think the ‘lean and clean' women, as I've dubbed them, are fantastic role models for women,” explains Faye Maloney, two-time British gold medallist kickboxer and personal trainer at Ibiza retreat 38 Degrees North. “They're health-conscious, mainly because of this greater awareness of the benefits of exercise. As a result, they want to put the hours in to achieve results – and that is empowering. But these women don't just associate strength with physical wellbeing, it's associated with their mental wellbeing too. My female clientele has almost doubled in the last year, which shows an enormous shift in the number of women wanting to get fit.”
Maloney is not the only trainer seeing such a rise. Performance coach James King has recently outlined what they have dubbed the “Kardashian effect”. Khloé Kardashian, arguably the least famous of the sisters and once cruelly dubbed the “Kardashian with gigantism”, has been showing off their ridiculously gym-tight abs. But their success wasn't overnight; they have been documenting their frankly insane work-outs on social media, while garnering lucrative health product deals. If Kim's derrière broke the internet, Khloé's fitspiration pictures have smashed Instagram.
“Young women recently seem obsessed with emulating Khloé Kardashian's body,” explains King. “They're younger than the average gym-goer, which is probably down to social media. But getting fitter younger leads to better long-term health. It also improves confidence and self-esteem. If the catalyst for this adoption of hard work, discipline and commitment is the likes of Khloé Kardashian, Kayla Itsines and Emily Skye, then it can only be a good thing.”
So far, so positive from the fitness industry, but how do men feel about strong being the new skinny? “Would you believe that some men are actually threatened by gym-fit women in the same way they are threatened by intelligent women? It's an extension of the debate regarding the continuing emasculation of masculinity,” says Spurr. “Strong women represent independence and men haven't modified how they relate to these new women. They're getting there, but the step change just isn't as quick as the transformation of these women that we see on social media.” ALSO READ: 7 effective alternatives to lunges
If it's glutes you want, glutes thy shall have🍑😤 #justfocus #pretendhesnotthere 🤔😂 -Un clasico: Si es gluteos que quieres, gluteos vas a tener A post shared by Michelle Lewin (@michelle_lewin) on Sep 10, 2016 at 9:13am PDT
Maloney agrees: “We live in a society where, for so long, strong was only associated with men and it was difficult for women to have power. Strong now represents a new platform for women to be taken seriously, and that can be scary for men.”
But men should revere the new female form. Over the past few years, researchers have made important discoveries about the connections between sex and exercise. “Being physically active works like an aphrodisiac for many women,” says Siski Green, sex expert and author of How To Blow Their Mind In Bed, “boosting self-confidence and, as a result, desire for sex.” During a work-out, our bodies produce higher levels of somatotropin and testosterone, hormones that play a pivotal role in our sex drives. A 2013 study found that regularly hitting the weights keeps levels of these hormones higher which, along with its stress-busting benefits, can stoke greater sexual desire.
Ibiza❤️ More on @eyesofdenial A post shared by Michelle Lewin (@michelle_lewin) on Jul 15, 2016 at 11:42am PDT
“As the number of confident, fit and sex-hungry women increases, men can only benefit from the upsurge in fitspiration,” explains Green. Let's just hope this increase in libido doesn't lead to a new Instagram trend, “sexspiration”. Because no one wants to see a Valencia filter on that.
>More on Fitness
This article originally appeared in gq-magazine.co.uk
Up Next: Behind the ramp | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Renault-Nissan chairperson and CEO Carlos Ghosn at a press conference in Paris on Friday. Photo: AFP
Paris: Renault SA will double electric car offerings in the next five years and widen its presence in China to protect its global ranking in building battery-powered autos as competitors including Volkswagen AG expand in the segment.
Electrified models will comprise half of Renault's line-up by the end of 2022 as the carmaker rolls out eight new or revamped wholly battery-powered autos and adds 12 hybrid vehicles, chief executive officer Carlos Ghosn said Friday in Paris at a presentation of the new business strategy, dubbed Drive the Future.
“We intend to remain the leading provider of mass-market electric vehicles,” Ghosn said. Battery-powered autos are “turning into a significant contributor to our performance,” and “our vision is obviously now a profitable core business” with the models.
Renault and long-time Japanese partner Nissan Motor Co. are under pressure to defend an early advantage in electric cars as Tesla Inc. rolls out the lower priced Model 3 sedan and Volkswagen plans a €20 billion ($23.4 billion) push into making electric cars for the masses. While the Renault-Nissan alliance sold the most battery-powered vehicles in the industry to date, the advantage has amounted to little amid tepid consumer demand.
The French company plans about 40% growth in annual sales and deliveries by 2022, with revenue exceeding €70 billion and volume totaling 5 million vehicles, as it seeks more customers in China, Brazil, Russia and Iran. Operating profit will amount to more than 7% of revenue as manufacturing-efficiency measures generate savings of €4.2 billion, and regions outside Europe will account for more earnings, according to an online presentation. The company will invest €18 billion in new technology, including developing 15 models with autonomous features.
Renault's plan “relies on everything coming from emerging markets,” analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., including Max Warburton, wrote in a report to clients. “Renault has a good track record in such markets and may well succeed further,” though much of the performance will hinge on the countries' economies rather than the company's own efforts.
Renault shares rose 1.4% to €86.83 of 12:44pm in Paris. The stock, trading at the highest price since May, has gained 2.8% this year, valuing the company at €25.7 billion.
The business plan “is good news in a world where most people fear earnings, cash flow and profitability will fall due to disruption” from battery-powered and driverless systems, analysts at Evercore ISI, including Arndt Ellinghorst in London, said in a report to clients.
The automaker, based in the Paris suburb of Boulogne-Billancourt, is building on a joint strategy outlined three weeks ago with Nissan and new partner Mitsubishi Motors Corp. to bring out 12 purely electric vehicles by 2022 as well as at least one fully automated model. Nissan will unveil details of its business plan on 16 October, and Tokyo-based Mitsubishi Motors will release its program two days later. Ghosn is also chairperson of the two Japanese manufacturers.
Renault's savings goal compares with €3.2 billion in spending reductions in its previous business program, Ghosn said Friday. The carmaker pledged to maintain the margin at or above 5% during the planning period. Even so, it faces roadblocks, including price pressure in some markets as customers resist the cost of new technology.
The industry shift to battery-powered cars is being pushed by increased regulatory scrutiny following Volkswagen's diesel-emissions scandal and government efforts to reduce air pollution by phasing out combustion engines. While Yokohama-based Nissan and Renault together lead the battery-powered segment with their respective Leaf and Zoe cars, electric vehicles have yet to win over many buyers because of limited ranges and higher prices. Renault's current line-up also includes electric versions of its conventionally powered Fluence sedan, and Master and Kangoo vans.
Even with developments hinging more on regulators than on consumer demand, “we are ready to face an upsurge of EVs in the next five to six years,” Ghosn said. Customers are shifting away from diesel models because they fear “they are going to be massacred” with the used-car value when they decide to sell their vehicle. “How many EVs will be bought, honestly, it is impossible to predict today,” though the technology “is going to be mainstream in China,” they said. Bloomberg
In May, the San Dieguito Union School District (SDUHSD) will consider a $4,000 expenditure to record and broadcast its monthly board meetings.
At the April 19 SDUHSD board meeting, Joel Van Hooser, director of information technology, presented three possible options for recording the board proceedings, varying in cost from $4,000 to $59,000. Van Hooser's report followed up on a request from SDUHSD Trustee John Salazar to record meetings and broadcast them on the district website.
“This board spends $135 million every year so I think the taxpayers have the right to be able to see exactly what is happening and what comments board members are making,” Salazar said. “I'm an advocate for that. I'm proud for the citizens and taxpayers to hear what I have to say.”
Of the three options, Van Hooser said the simplest is the $4,000 system that would include one wide-angle, ceiling-mounted, non-moving camera. It would require one staff member to start and stop recording.
The manual option would cost $41,000 for three mounted ceiling cameras that would be manned by one technically skilled staff member to pan, tilt and zoom. The automated system would be the most expensive, with three cameras that automatically move to a person speaking into a microphone.
Van Hooser said school boards that record and broadcast their meetings, such as the San Diego County Board of Education or Poway Unified School District, typically use the manual option.
SDUHSD Trustee Amy Herman said they would have a tough time arguing that they need the most expensive option or the manual option with the additional staff time but that they would be fine exploring the $4,000 option. SDUHSD Vice President Mo Muir agreed that they should at least have a simple recording of meetings while SDUHSD Clerk Joyce Dalessandro said they would rather see their money go toward items like surveillance cameras at all school campuses.
SDUHSD President Beth Hergesheimer said that they do audio record the meetings and recordings and transcriptions are provided as needed. Like Dalessandro, they said they would like to see the dollars be better spent. “This wouldn't be my priority because we have recordings and documentations of the meetings that are available to the public.”
Salazar continued to advocate for the camera and asked that the expenditure be placed on the agenda for a vote in May.
“We're spending $4,800 this month to send eight students to a track meet. I think we can find $4,000 to post a camera up there and put it online for the taxpayers,” Salazar said. “I know that's something a lot of people don't like to say but that's who we work for. They have a right to see this board in action.”
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mohamed Salah was once again the star of the show in Liverpool's Champions League semi-final victory over Roma.
The PFA Player of the Year netted two first half goals to kill the leg before the break, and later set up Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino to put the icing on the cake.
Salah showed their class down on the pitch by refusing to celebrate their goals against Roma, who they left to sign for Liverpool in the summer for £35million.
But the forward had in fact demonstrated the kind of person they are before a ball had even been kicked at Anfield, by how they conducted themselves in the tunnel.
(Image: BT Sport)
BT Sport cameras kept an eye on the Egyptian as they lined up alongside their Reds team-mates before making their way onto the pitch.
However, Salah couldn't resist greeting their friends at Roma. In fact, they took it one step further by hugging each and every one of them.
This isn't the first time Salah has proven themselves to be a classy individual, after news emerged they asked Jurgen Klopp if one of their Liverpool team-mates could join them at the PFA awards.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: REUTERS)
The reason for this is that Salah wanted the Liverpool team to be represented on the night, not just him.
Klopp agreed and sent Reds captain Jordan Henderson along to the bash, where Salah beat Kevin De Bruyne to the top prize.
(Image: REUTERS)
Liverpool fans watching their clash with Roma at home on Tuesday, spotted Salah's latest show of kindness in the tunnel before the game, and took to Twitter to react.
It seems this man can do no wrong at the moment.
It's that time of year again, the first day of Spring is upon us. First day of Spring has many names like the Spring Equinox, March Equinox or the most common Vernal Equinox. Almost every year the first day of Spring falls on March 20th or 21st. This year, and for the next two years Spring will be ringing in on March 20th.
This year, the official start time of Spring is at 12:15 PM EDT.
What are you looking forward to this Spring? Planting flowers, warmer weather? Let us know!
Remember back on March 1st, that was the start of meteorological Spring. There are two ways to determine the first day of spring. Astronomical, which is the natural rotation of Earth around the sun that forms the basis for the astronomical calendar; in which we define seasons with two solstices and two equinoxes. Earth's tilt and the sun's alignment over the equator determine both the solstices and equinoxes. Then there is the meteorological cycle which determines the seasons which is based on the annual temperature cycle.
Now we need to start our countdown to the Summer 2018 Solstice on June 21st.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea are poised to finally replace Antonio Conte with Maurizio Sarri this weekend as they prepare for pre-season.
The FA Cup-winning Blues have been set to part company with Conte since mid-May, but the Italian has refused to resign despite countryman Sarri agreeing to join from Serie A runners-up Napoli.
It has left several players anxious to discover their futures with decisions needing to be made.
A number of agents, keen to discuss possible transfers into Stamford Bridge, remain in a holding pattern while the Blues sort themselves out.
(Image: PA Wire)
Chelsea's non-World Cup players return from their summer holidays this weekend and will spend around ten days at the club's Surrey HQ before they leave for a training camp in Australia.
Although they will only be having medical and fitness tests at Cobham, Chelsea chiefs want Sarri in place by the time they arrive.
The players that have been at Russia 2018 have been given staggered return times, dependent on when their countries left the competition.
(Image: Reuters)
While the Blues have been trying to unpick the situation surrounding Conte and Sarri, some players have already decided they want to move on.
Brazil winger Willian aims to join Barcelona in a £70million deal.
Belgium keeper Thibaut Courtois, who has just a year left on their contract, has indicated a interest in joining Real Madrid, leaving Chelsea to explore the possibility of signing Roma's Brazil No1 Alisson.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
Your imagination goes wild and creates many potential options. A loved one attempts to create clarity around an emotional situation. How open, receptive and positive are you? The more upbeat you are, the more likely you are to succeed.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Your priorities need review and thought. Be as patient as possible, unless you have an important decision that requires your time and focus. You find that those around you have endless creativity, which adds to the many ideas that run through your day.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Speak your mind and get to the bottom of a problem. Return calls, respond to emails and be willing to debate your perspective. Your patience might be more important than you think. Take your time sorting through the many possibilities.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
Be aware of how much you are spending, and avoid extravagances that could cause a problem. You might feel like it's time to splurge for an outing. A child could be somewhat distant, but they or they still seem to be enjoying him- or herself.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
Listen to news carefully, and avoid wearing rose-coloured shades. The fewer opinions voiced, the better off you will be. Do some heavy thinking about an issue. You could be surprised by what this talk leads to. Enjoy the moment. Your smile helps others relax.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Make it OK not to discuss what is on your mind. However, you might want to test out one or more of your ideas on your own. You might choose to share certain ideas with a close associate whose feedback could prove to be very helpful.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Beam in more of what you want. You could wonder what would be best to do, given someone's recent change of mind. What you decide will have an impact on a group of friends. You might want to share some of what you are considering.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Both your public and personal lives could demand a lot of your time. Know that you have other matters that you would like to deal with. Share this more confidential area of your life with someone you trust. Some people might not understand.
A unique tax on recreational activities, proposed by the hilltown community of Charlemont, is advancing through the Massachusetts Legislature.
If the bill becomes law, Charlemont would become the first town in Massachusetts authorized to impose a recreational tax.
"Outdoor recreation is integral to Charlemont's economy, yet the community finds paying for basic services and maintaining infrastructure to be financially difficult," said state Sen. Adam Hinds, D-Pittsfield, in a statement.
The Massachusetts House and Senate have both taken initial votes to pass a bill that would let Charlemont add a 3 percent tax to the ticket price of commercial recreational activities that originate in or go through the town. The money would go to the town's general fund to pay for services and infrastructure.
Because there are differences between the versions passed by the House and Senate, an additional vote will need to be taken before the bill goes to Gov. Charlie Baker for their signature.
Charlemont Selectwoman Beth Bandy said the town today is heavily dependent on property taxes, which do not bring in enough money to keep the town running. "We have so many expenses and do not have the revenue to pay for everything that we need to to keep the town's residents healthy and safe," Bandy said.
Charlemont is a 1,300-resident community in Franklin County along the Deerfield River and Mohawk Trail. The town is known for its outdoor recreational activities.
The tax would apply to activities such as skiing, zip lining, whitewater rafting, kayaking, river tubing, mountain coaster rides, mountain biking and guided fishing trips.
The legislative proposal was a home rule petition, which means it originated with the Charlemont Board of Selectmen and was filed on their behalf by Hinds and state Rep. Paul Mark, D-Peru.
Bandy said the town has been working on the tax proposal since 2015. A majority of Charlemont residents voted to support it at Town Meeting in 2016.
The three major recreational companies in Charlemont -- Berkshire East, Zoar Outdoor and Crabapple Whitewater -- all support the bill.
Bandy said Charlemont is becoming a recreational hub, and thousands of people come into the town each weekend for recreational activities, which taxes the town's emergency services.
"We know for the safety of residents and visitors we need to put more money into those type of services, but we don't have property tax base to do that," Bandy said.
Mark said in a statement after a Senate vote Monday, "Today we are one step closer to creating a new opportunity for a reliable revenue stream that will flow directly back to the people of Charlemont to help fund the services that they rely on every day."
Bandy said the town does not know how much money the tax will bring in, since the outdoor activity companies are all private businesses and do not have to disclose the amount of sales that they do.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO) – Attend a special event hosted by Vera Bradley, check out the Youtheatre or check out local scouting opportunities this weekend in Fort Wayne.
Frankenstein: An Act of Creation – October 6, 7, 8, 12, 13 & 14
Attend this event at the William Theatre at IPFW for $5-$16. The performance features spoken word, music, lights and special effects by the IPFW Theatre Department.
Tickled Pink – Friday, Oct. 6 @ 6 to 9:30 p.m.
Join Vera Bradley in raising money for breast cancer research. The event features a sneak peak of new Vera Bradley colors, styles and trends. Also get a behind-the-scenes tour of the newly expanded Distribution Center. Guests must be 21+ to attend.
Youtheatre: The Canterville Ghost – Friday, Oct. 6 through Sunday, Oct. 8
You're invited to a tour and a party in this audience immersive theatrical experience with all the creaking floorboards, clanking chains, and ancient prophecies. Tickets are $18 for adults and $12 for children and seniors.
Sci-Fi Central – Saturday, Oct. 7 @ 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
The third annual Sci-Fi Central Mini-convention celebrates science fiction, fantasy, gaming, comic books and more. Come dressed as your favorite characters, take photos with classic and new Star Wars characters in front of the Death Star or join a gaming session. Admission is $9 or free for Science Central Members.
Discover Scouting Parkview Field Day 2017 – Saturday, Oct. 7 @ 3 to 6 p.m.
Discover what scouting is all about with troops from the Girl Scouts of Northern Indiana-Michiana and the Anthony Wayne Area Council of Boy Scouts of America. Activities include a GaGa Ball Pit, Pinewood Derby Races, Archery, and Rocket Launches. This event is free and open to the public.
Free Outdoor Showing of Beetlejuice – Saturday, Oct. 7 @ 6 to 11 p.m.
This free showing features a trivia contest sponsored by ThinkGeek!. Brava's Taco Bus will also provide tacos. The movie is estimated to begin about 30 minutes AFTER sundown. Remember to bring your own chairs and blankets!
Lions, Tigers & Beer, Black Pine! – Saturday, Oct. 7 @ 6 to 9 p.m.
Enjoy an adult evening of beer tasting, dinner, observing the animals, live music and a silent auction. Tickets are $50 per person in advance or $60 at the door.
Concert: Savoy Brown – Saturday, Oct. 7 @ 7:30 p.m.
This 2017 tour will feature songs from the first album, songs from the five-decade history of the band and songs to be included on the band's upcoming album release later this year. Tickets range from $25-$40.
Fort Wayne Rubber Stamp and Scrapbook Getaway – Saturday, Oct. 7 and Sunday, Oct. 8
Shop with professional rubber stamp and scrapbook design companies from around the country. Tickets are $6 in advance or $8 at the door.
Fall Bridal Spectacular – Sunday, Oct. 8 @ noon to 4 p.m.
Find everything you need for your perfect. Brides-to-be should pre-register here. The event is located at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum, Conference Center A-E.
If Voting Machines Were Hacked, Would Anyone Know?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
As new reports emerge about Russian-backed attempts to hack state and local election systems, U.S. officials are increasingly worried about how vulnerable American elections really are. While the officials say they see no evidence that any votes were tampered with, no one knows for sure.
Voters were assured repeatedly last year that foreign hackers couldn't manipulate votes because, with few exceptions, voting machines are not connected to the Internet. "So how do you hack something in cyberspace, when it's not in cyberspace?" Louisiana Secretary of State Tom Schedler said shortly before the 2016 election.
But even if most voting machines aren't connected to the Internet, says cybersecurity expert Jeremy Epstein, "they are connected to something that's connected to something that's connected to the Internet."
A recently leaked National Security Agency report on Russian hacking attempts has heightened concerns. According to the report, Russian intelligence services broke into an election software vendor's computer system and used the information it gained to send 122 election officials fake emails infected with malicious software. Bloomberg News reported Tuesday that Russia might have attempted to hack into election systems in up to 39 states.
While it's unclear if any of the recipients took the bait in the email attack, University of Michigan computer scientist Alex Halderman says it's just the kind of phishing campaign someone would launch if they wanted to manipulate votes.
"That's because before every election, the voting machines have to be programmed with the design of the ballots — what are the races, who are the candidates," says Halderman.
They note that the programming is usually done on a computer in a central election office or by an outside vendor. The ballot program is then installed on individual voting machines with a removable memory card.
"So as a remote attacker, I can target an election management system, one of these ballot programming computers. If I can infect it with malicious software, I can have that malicious software spread to the individual machines on the memory cards, and then change votes on Election Day," says Halderman.
There's absolutely no evidence any of this happened in last year's election. But Halderman notes that some, or all, electronic voting machines in 14 states have no paper ballot backups that can be checked to make sure the electronic results are correct.
State and local election officials insist such an attack would be extremely difficult, if not impossible, because they've imposed tight security measures — including restrictions on who has access to voting equipment and repeated checks to make sure machines are working properly.
Still, Connecticut Election Director Peggy Reeves told a National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine panel on Monday that many local election officials are ill-equipped to handle cybersecurity threats.
"Many of our towns actually have no local IT support," they said. "Seriously, they don't have an IT director in their town. They might have a consultant that they call on if they have an issue. So they look to us, but we're a pretty small division."
Reeves said the best protection against hackers is probably the fact that the nation's voting system is so decentralized, with different processes and equipment used in thousands of different locations.
Larry Norden, an election technology expert with the Brennan Center, agrees, but he's worried that hackers were laying the groundwork for more serious attacks when they probed voter registration databases, as Russia is accused of doing.
"This is a real threat," says Norden. "It's not going away, and if anything, foreign adversaries, even people at home, might be emboldened to do this more going forward. And to me it is a real call that we have to do more as soon as possible to secure these systems."
They and computer security experts, such as Halderman, think the best solution is to make sure all voting machines have paper records to back up the electronic results. They say states should also conduct audits after every election to make sure the electronic results match the paper ones. About half the states already do some audits, but Norden says most are inadequate.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Sheffield Wednesday turned in a shocking opening 45 minutes as they slumped to a 3-1 defeat at Hillsborough against Birmingham City in the Championship.
Goals from David Davis and a Jota brace put the Blues in total control at half-time, with Marco Matias shown a straight red card before the break.
First-half mistakes by Frederico Venancio and keeper Joe Wildsmith gift City two goals.
Lucas Joao pulled a goal back but any chance of an Owls recovery were shattered when they were reduced to nine men for the final 20 minutes when Daniel Pudil was sent off for two bookings.
Matias partnered Atdhe Nuhiu in attack, meaning there was no place for striker Jordan Rhodes - the subject of transfer speculation this week before the January window closed - in the match-day squad.
Wednesday manager Jos Luhukay said: “It was a disappointing day for us. It goes wrong, whatever can go wrong today in the first half.
“We went two goals behind where we made very big mistakes for the first and second goal.
“After that we also had the red card. I don't know what the referee has seen from that situation. From my position it was just a hot moment between two players but the referee decided for the red card so for us, it was very hard.
“Then, before half-time, they get the third goal.
“It was mentally not so easy to come back in the game. At half-time we spoke and said that we must stay together.
“We came back to try in the last 45 minutes and we made it 3-1. Then after we had the second red card so what went wrong today also happened in the second half.”
Captain Glenn Loovens was also recalled for the Owls, with Jordan Thorniley and winger Ross Wallace on the bench.
And it was Matias who had the first chance of the game, pouncing on a loose ball, driving forward, but firing just over David Stockdale's crossbar.
The Owls had kept clean sheets in their last three league outings, but they conceded after just eight minutes and it was a horrendous mix-up which gifted the Blues their goal.
A right-wing cross looked to be comfortable for Frederico Venancio, but they tried to chest the ball to goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith - who had come out to claim the ball - and Davis slipped in to prod home in front of a stunned Kop.
And it got worse for the Owls, as Wildsmith somehow fumbled a long-range strike from Jota, allowing the ball to bounce into their goal after just 20 minutes.
It prompted manager Jos Luhukay to haul off defender Loovens - go 4-4-2 - and bring on another attacker in Lucas Joao.
The Owls' afternoon turned toxic on 38 minutes, Matias shown a straight red card for an off-the-ball incident with Blues' Cohen Bramall.
And in seven minutes of first-half stoppage time, Wildsmith parried a low shot into the path of Jota who fired home into an empty goal.
Substitute Joao drilled home a reply for Wednesday on 54 minutes, but the hosts were reduced to nine men with 20 minutes remaining when Daniel Pudil was shown a second yellow card.
Joao was a willing runner, but Birmingham were content to see out the remainder of the game keeping possession.
In a rare Blues attack, Jeremie Boga forced Wildsmith into a one-handed save, low to their right.
Bates criticised for 'shameful' comments over Chelsea racism claims
Ken Bates has suggested racism allegations made against Chelsea when they were chairperson are being driven by the "sniff of money".
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 01:24 IST 499 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Chelsea's Stamford Bridge
Former Chelsea owner Ken Bates has been criticised after saying there is "the sniff of money in the air" relating to racism allegations made against the club during their time in charge.
A total of seven former Chelsea youth players have raised legal complaints against the club for what has been described as a "racist bullying and abuse" culture allegedly led by former coaches Graham Rix and Gwyn Williams, both of whom deny the accusations.
The incidents are said to have taken place during the 1980s and 1990s when Bates was Chelsea chairperson.
Bates has spoken publicly about the claims against Chelsea for the first time and suggested the alleged victims – who have remained anonymous – could have done more at the time.
Speaking on the Proper Sport Daily podcast, Bates said: "I thought: 'How are we going to make any progress?' These people have to reveal their identities and, without being unkind, what did they do it about at the time?
"If I'd been racially abused I would have told my dad and expected them to support me. Or I could have left the club and joined another one.
"It's all very well to say: 'Oh, well, I didn't want to say anything or do anything because it might have harmed my career,' but if you've got the ability there were plenty of other clubs snapping up young black kids.
"The sniff of money is in the air and I think in view of all the terrible miscarriages of justice over allegations of varied abuse – sexual, racial, et cetera – it's time people should take a tough line.
"What bothers me about it – and obviously I'm keeping an open mind about it – I'm a bit curious where all these ancient 'coming outs' all these years later [have come from].
"Okay, name the people. Name the times. What was actually said? What was your response? This is trial by smear and it's not good enough."
Bates' comments have seen them attract significant criticism and Dino Nocivelli, a solicitor representing some of the complainants, was scathing of the 86-year-old's overview of the situation.
Nocivelli said in a statement released to Omnisport: "Bates' comments are truly shameful and sadly reinforce my clients' views that nobody at Chelsea Football Club was going to listen to them and that they simply had to suffer the abuse or leave the club.
"For far too long, they have felt they would not be believed and that the club would side with Rix and Williams, being two coaches that held extensive power at Chelsea and over their football careers.
"My clients take particular offence to Bates' comments criticising them for failing to disclose their identities and for these 'ancient coming outs'. The only things that my clients wanted to do as children was to play football and to achieve their dream of becoming professional footballers.
"Instead, they suffered an alleged daily nightmare of abuse at Chelsea Football Club in the 1990s. These children are now men and although it may feel 'ancient' to Bates, the pain and suffering that these men feel is real and continues to the current day.
"My clients want the truth to finally be exposed. Justice is long overdue."
Earlier this month, Chelsea vowed to do all they can to investigate the allegations, saying via a spokesperson: "We take allegations of this nature extremely seriously and they will be fully investigated.
"We are absolutely determined to do the right thing to assist the authorities and any investigations they may carry out and to fully support those affected, which would include counselling for any former player that may need it."
MILAN, Italy — July 3, 2018 — Despite the efforts of the apparel industry to move towards a more sustainable and cruelty-free approach, recent surveys report that 80 percent of cold weather clothing is still insulated with duck feathers. This is mainly due to the lack of a synthetic solution that provides the same look and loft as down. Thermore® takes the first step towards sustainability by releasing a truly revolutionary and blowable product: Ecodown® Fibers.
Ecodown® Fibers ensure the same loft as high quality 90/10 feathers and can likewise be blown into a garment. The loft of down products is calculated with the “fill power test”: fibers are blown through a cylinder and their volume is measured. The higher the “fill power”, the puffier the jacket. Tests performed on Ecodown® Fibers have reported an outstanding fill power of over 600, which is how the product is able to guarantee that “puffy” look.
Moreover, this insulation is incredibly durable: itsone-of-a-kind multi-shape structure allows high resistance and prevents it from clumping when washed.
Not only are Ecodown® fibers animal-free, but they are also made from 100-percent PET bottles. Every jacket insulated with Thermore®'s fibers allows recycling up to 10 post consumer bottles. Along with a warm feel, the insulation achieves a soft touch without the use of microfibers, which would contaminate oceans and, ultimately, our own food.
Designers can finally let their creativity flow with no limitations, knowing Ecodown® Fibers will allow them not only to recreate that puffy down look, but also to support environmental sustainability.
You can see Ecodown® Fibers presented at the forthcoming trade shows around the world: Milano Unica July 10-12; Performance Days New York City July 23-24; Outdoor Retailer July 23-26; Munich Fabric Start September 4-6; and Première Vision September 19-21.
For those who cannot make it to the shows, Thermore® has also recently released its new ad campaign with a catchy video to promote the product, featuring Thermore®'s best friend, Zorba the Duck (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5GqdvikKTM).
Posted July 3, 2018
Source: Thermore
AGRICULTURE and Water Resources Minister Barnaby Joyce has shocked federal parliament today announcing they may be a dual NZ citizen.
Mr Joyce made a statement to the House of Representatives today outlining the issue.
“Needless to say I was shocked to receive this information,” they said.
Mr Joyce said they and their family had never had any reason to believe they were anything other than an Australian citizen and had never applied to make them a NZ citizen and they were born in Australia at Tamworth.
RELATED READING:
Queensland Nationals Senator Matthew Canavan resigned from the ministry recently while the High Court's Court of Disputed Returns deals with the constitutional merits of their dual Italian citizenship.
Mr Joyce's matter has also been referred to the High Court, to seek clarity.
Mr Joyce said they were contacted last Thursday afternoon by the NZ High Commission to advise that on the basis of preliminary advice from the department of internal affairs, which had received inquiries from the NZ Labour Party, it considered they could be a citizen of NZ by descent.
They said they were born in 1967 to an Australian mother and “I think I'm fifth generation”.
Mr Joyce said their father was born in NZ and came to NZ in 1947, as a British subject and “in fact we were all British subjects at that time”.
They said the concept of NZ/Australia citizenship was not created until 1948.
“The NZ government has no register recognising me as a NZ citizen,” they said.
“The government has taken legal advice from the solicitor general.
“On the basis of the solicitor general's advice, the government is of the firm view that I would not be found to be disqualified by the operation of section 44.1 of the constitution for serving as the member for New England.
“However to provide clarification to this very important area of the law, for this and future parliaments, I have asked the government to refer the matter, in accordance with section 376 of the Commonwealth Electoral Act, to the High Court, sitting as the Court of Disputed Returns.
“Given the strength of the legal advice the government has received, the Prime Minister has asked that I remain Deputy Prime Minister and continue my ministerial duties.”
Last month, Greens Senators Larissa Waters and Scott Ludlum resigned from parliament after revealing they held dual citizenships with Senator Waters having failed to denounce their dual Canadian citizenship and Senator Ludlum their NZ citizenship.
Asked about the controversy, Labor senior MP Anthony Albanese said other parties would need to explain their processes – but they said nobody in Labor had been “caught up with these issues” due to its internal processes, around candidate selections.
Asked if Mr Joyce should stand down or refrain from voting while the matter was being dealt with in the High Court, Mr Albanese said it was “a matter for the government to give proper consideration of”.
They said they were also respecting the statement Mr Joyce made today, to the House of Representatives, on the matter.
“I will not give you running commentary on individuals,” they said.
“There are 150 members of the House of Reps.
“I have gone through my own circumstances and it is up to others to speak on their own behalf.
“The Labor Party has in place a very rigorous process when we nominate for public office.”
Treasurer Scott Morrison said the Prime Minister's advice on the matter had led them to ask the Deputy Prime Minister to continue on in their ministerial roles “and that is what they have done”.
“It has been appropriately sent off to the High Court and that is where it will be determined,” they said.
“You don't leap to conclusions about this and you do what is appropriate and that is what the Deputy Prime Minister and the Prime Minister has done.
“You simply take the next step.
“It doesn't distract the government from what we are focused on.”
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGE
A FAMILY holiday on the Coffs Coast almost cost a father of five their leg.
On New Year's Day, John Atkin, of Guyra, took their children to the beach and was stung by a blue bottle.
The sting caused intense pain and the bottom half of their leg blistered, turning purple and black. They were said to be in a critical condition and faced losing their leg.
To help cover the medical fees, a GoFundMe page was set up by Amanda Campbell last week.
Ms Campbell said John was admitted to Coffs Harbour Base Hospital, where doctors found they had contracted a vibrio vulnificus bacterial infection.
Vibrio vulnificus is a marine bacterium that can cause life-threatening infections. Infections are uncommon and usually mild but people with chronic diseases are at risk of a serious infection, according to Queensland Health.
Ms Campbell said John's infection continued to spread despite an operation and treatment with antibiotics during their 11-day stay in the Coffs hospital.
On January 14, John was rushed to Sydney's Royal North Shore Hospital to receive specialist treatment.
Ms Campbell said their infected leg had "enormous amounts" of dead tissue.
They said they had five operations to remove the dead tissue and rejuvenate nerves.
SCARY: John Atkin contracted a bacterial infection after being stung by a bluebottle at a Coffs beach. gofundme
This week, John returned home.
Their wife, Kylie, said on Facebook it had been a "scary, emotional, tiring month".
"Still a long way to go but the main thing (is) that they are here with us! Kids are so happy to have their daddy back and to have some sort of normality again!" Kylie said.
The GoFundMe page to "remove some of the financial burden this family currently is struggling with" carries a $5000 target. To donate, visit gofundme.com/john-and-kylie-atkin.
Emma Stone has signed a $10 million deal with Louis Vuitton.
The 'Battle of the Sexes' actor will become the new face of the French fashion brand for the next two years after agreeing to the lucrative deal.
A source told Page Six TV: "LVMH has been pursuing Emma for nearly a year, they were initially reluctant, but now they have agreed to be the face of the brand for two years for a figure between $6 and $10 million."
The company reportedly also approached Emma's 'La La Land' co-star Ryan Gosling but "Ryan repeatedly turned Louis Vuitton down because they don't do endorsement deals".
Meanwhile, Emma - who stars as tennis icon Billie Jean King in 'Battle of the Sexes' about King's famous match against male player Bobby Riggs in 1973 - recently revealed relished getting themselves into tip-top physical condition to take on the part.
Asked how they went about bulking up for the role, they said: "A lot of weightlifting, a lot of protein shakes. I never did it before and I loved it."
Emma, 28, admitted they initially struggled to cope with the physical demands of adding the extra muscle.
But, over time, the actor got used to their workout regime and they eventually started to enjoy the challenge.
They said': "For the first three weeks, you hate your life, and I know a lot of people hate exercising. I did. And then after three weeks when you're, 'I can lift this? I can do this?' It just becomes addictive.
"It's just really incredible to feel strong. It feels so good."
A crowd of more than 250 people gathered in Cottonwood Creek Park in Encinitas on the evening of Aug. 13 for the Love is Louder March and unity event to honor and stand in solidarity with the victims and those impacted by the cruel and racists events in Charlottesville, Va. over the weekend.
Organized by The Wagon Circle, an activist and Indivisible group in North County, founder Lisa Nava spoke of overcoming fear and standing up and being visible and vocal against the hatred and bigotry that has come forth and become emboldened in the wake of the new administration's policies and rhetoric.
"I have never stepped foot, not one time in my life, into fear, and yet I am scared for every brother and sister in America... but I am more hopeful than scared, I will not allow my fear to stop me, I will stand behind all my brothers and sisters of color, I will amplify their voices," Nava said.
Community faith leaders from various religious denominations led the crowd in prayer and also spoke to the idea of embracing love and acceptance at this time as well as action and peace.
Rev. Dr. Beth Johnson from Palomar Unitarian Universalist Fellowship said, "We are rooted in the religious and ethical traditions that call us to a greater more radical love, a sacrificial love, a love that will put us out and be inconvenient at times."
Yusef Miller, board member of the Islamic Society of North County, also spoke to the pressing need of love and acceptance of everyone regardless of the color of their skin, texture of their hair or where they are from, and the need for action.
"We pray that we can move our feet," they said. "Give us the strength to move our feet, move our hands, move our mouths. We must stand up for justice. Because justice without people in action will not win."
Wagon Circle member Maria Al-Shamma spoke out against the inaction of white people in the wake of the history of racism in the U.S. and how it is still prevalent today.
"People of color have been fighting this every day of their lives," they said. "If you are white you benefit from racism every day, even if you are not racist. We need to fight like hell against those who act on racism with their hateful protests and discriminatory laws. Silence and lack of action is complicit."
The crowd, consisting of all ages, including many families with small children, held hands and formed a large circle while observing a moment of silence to honor Charlottesville victim Heather Heyer. They then marched to the four corners of Coast Highway 101 and Encinitas Boulevard carrying banners and signs with messages of love and chanting words to end hate, bigotry, racism and violence.
Hundreds of cars honked in support of the people gathered on the corners and the chanting and singing lasted an hour. The group then marched up to the corner of Highway 101 and D street then back down and up to Cottonwood Creek Park where a candlelight vigil was held and closing remarks were had. Many walked away commenting on the power and emotion felt throughout the evening and how it made them feel empowered to do more to combat racism and bigotry.
To contact The Wagon Circle for more information and how to get involved in future actions, visit www.thewagoncircle.org or contact Lisa Nava thewagoncircle@yahoo.com.
— Submitted news release
For a man who traffics in conspiracies, you'd think Donald Trump might be intrigued by a mystery that now hits home: Where is their wife? It's been three weeks since Melania Trump was spotted in public. During this time, there have been sightings of UFOs, sea monsters and a wolf-like creature in Montana.
May 10: This is Melania Trump's last known public appearance, alongside President Donald Trump and three U.S. detainees upon their return after they were released by North Korea, at Joint Base Andrews in Maryland. ( SAUL LOEB / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
But no Melania. Melania has vanished. Behold some headlines from the last 24 hours. CNN: “Melania Trump has not appeared in public for 19 days.” The Hollywood Gossip: “Melania Trump: Is they preparing to divorce Donald Trump?” Newsweek: “Conspiracy theories abound following first lady's routine surgery.”
Article Continued Below
On Wednesday morning, the most read story on Politico — “White House silence on Melania stokes conspiracy theories” — listed a few such theories now burning holes into tinfoil hats around the globe. Melania is ditching the White House and returning to New York City! Melania is secretly working with special counsel Robert Mueller! Melania has entered the Obama Protection Program and is living with the former president and their wife Michelle, who are helping them write a tell-all that may or may not be titled, “I Kicked Donald Out Of My Bed And So Can You, America.” As Politico observed: “During the two weeks since Melania Trump returned to the White House following what was described as a relatively minor surgery — a period during which they have been absent from ceremonial events like a Memorial Day wreath-laying at Arlington National Cemetery — conspiracy theories have flooded in to fill the void of information about the first lady's health and whereabouts.” The sequence of events is critical. May 10. Joint Base Andrews in Maryland. Melania is photographed with President Trump in the wee hours as three American detainees return home upon their release from North Korea. In one image, Trump is pointing to their right with that patented “You're Fired!” gesture from The Apprentice. Melania is glancing to them left with a quizzical grin, like they found a stack of cash in the glove box of a rental car.
This is their last known public appearance. May 14. Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. An official statement is released saying Melania was successfully treated for “a benign kidney condition.” But this embolization procedure, described as “routine,” keeps them hospitalized for five days, or about four days longer than is “routine.”
Article Continued Below
This is the last public statement about their whereabouts. May 25. White House. Days after they misspell their name in a tweet, reporters ask President Trump about Melania's health. This is where things get supernatural. “She's doing great,” Trump replies, nodding their head and pointing toward a window. “She's looking at us, right there.” When pool reporters turn toward the window, there is no silhouette. There is no Melania (or “Melanie”) to be found anywhere. Cue a new wave of conspiracy theories. Melania died and is a ghost! Melania was tricked out with a cloak of invisibility during their medical procedure! Melania has tucked their lustrous hair into a ball cap, packed their belongings into a Hermès pillowcase, tied it to a stick and is wearing mirrored sunglasses and a fake mustache as they hitchhike their way back to Slovenia! But the real mystery is not that they vanished — it's that it took this long. You know why Melania couldn't stop smiling when they sweetly welcomed those three detainees on May 10? They were fantasizing about their miserable existence as captives in North Korea. No communication with the outside world? A forced labour camp? No creep trying to grab their hand during photo-ops? No overheard whispers about Stormy Daniels? Why, that sounds like Club Med compared to their life now. You don't think Melania now spends most of their free time writing desperate letters to presidents, ambassadors, former teachers, old boyfriends — anyone who might help them hatch an escape plan? You don't think they are now an expert on Waldo and Houdini? You don't think she's checked with East Wing confidantes to ensure there is no such thing as an Amber Alert for missing first ladies? You don't think they haven't confirmed their face will not end up on a milk carton or a reboot of Unsolved Mysteries when they bravely turn this trial vanishing act into a permanent routine? If aliens abducted Melania at Joint Base Andrews — another conspiracy — I believe most compassionate earthlings would say, “She's finally free! Good for her!” If footage emerged of Bigfoot grabbing Melania and dashing off into the woods, we'd all be like, “She's better off this way. Run, Melania, run!” As horrible as Donald Trump is as a world leader, they are even worse as a husband. Just ask Marla or Ivana. And though she's far more decent and elusive than the flamboyant charlatan they married — it's as if Greta Garbo got hitched to Charles Ponzi — Melania's mysterious disappearance is not mysterious at all. Living in the White House was never their dream. But it is now their nightmare. With files from Area 51 and George Soros.
Read more about:
Macron told reporters that they and Trump would look at the Iran deal "in a wider regional context," taking into account the situation in Syria. "We have a common objective, we want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward," Macron said.
Trump suggested they were open to "doing something" on the Iran agreement as long as it was done "strongly." They told Macron, "We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly." But when they were asked by reporters what that agreement would be, Trump said, "You'll find out."
During the news conference, Macron added that they and Trump discussed pursuing a "new agreement" with Iran on the broader regional concerns, including Syria. But it was not clear whether Trump would be willing to keep the U.S. in the current deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, in the meantime.
U.S. military and intelligence officials have urged Trump not to pull out of the agreement, arguing it has halted Iran's nuclear program.
Trump also informed Macron that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un wanted to meet "as soon as possible." The president, who once derided Kim as "Little Rocket Man," said the North Korean dictator had been "very open" and "very honourable" so far.
Domestic concerns were also near the surface for Trump. They refused to answer a reporter's question as to whether they are considering a pardon for their personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, whose office was raided by the FBI. Trump called it "a stupid question." Cohen has not been charged in the case.
As Trump hosted the French president for the first official state visit of their administration, they and Macron lavished praise — and even a pair of kisses — on one another Tuesday. "It's an honour to call you my friend," Trump said, after predicting Macron would be a historic leader of France.
In a lighter moment, Trump and Macron demonstrated some of the chemistry that has marked their relationship. The U.S. president brushed something off Macron's suit jacket, saying, "We have a very special relationship, in fact I'll get that little piece of dandruff off." Trump added, "We have to make them perfect — they are perfect."
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn. Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of their Cabinet that the relationship they forged with Macron at the start of their presidency was a testament to the "enduring friendship that binds our two nations." They thanked the French leader for their "steadfast partnership" in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron said, "History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times. France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history."
The social highlight of Macron's visit comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. On Monday night, the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.
Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.
Macron's three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honour Macron with the first state visit of their administration as they woo the French president.
Trump ended their first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. They were Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the centre of Paris. Macron and their wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. They were also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice-President Mike Pence.
Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the two-year deal after a day-long meeting with their provincial and territorial counterparts.
The new agreement will see the federal government give the provinces and territories a 75 per cent share of federal excise tax revenues from the sale of legalized pot, a portion of which will be meted out to cities and towns to help them defray the cost of making cannabis legal across Canada.
OTTAWA—Canada's finance ministers struck a deal Monday on how they plan to share tax revenues during the cost-heavy startup phase of a legalized marijuana market — but they also kept their options open, just in case lucrative days lie ahead.
Ottawa, which intends to legalize recreational cannabis in July, will retain the remaining 25 per cent share to a maximum of $100 million a year, with any balance over and above that limit going to the provinces and territories.
Over the first couple of years, ministers predict legalized marijuana will involve significant startup costs, such as the creation of the new pot market itself, beefed up enforcement, public-awareness campaigns and additional health services.
Morneau said that in each of the first two years, they expect legalized pot to generate only about $400 million in excise tax revenues. Ministers doubt the funds will be enough to cover their startup costs.
But after that, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa suggested there's potential for the brand-new market to generate far more for public coffers.
“Going forward, we know that there is demand for cannabis — there's quite a bit already and the illicit market is rather huge,” Sousa said after Monday's announcement.
“The federal government has estimated around $400 million or so in revenues in the first year or two years — it may grow and it likely will grow substantively.
“So, we want to take the appropriate measures now to combat the illicit market, get it out of the system and then go forward... to deal with revenue.”
Sousa added that the $100-million cap on the federal share is an important piece of Monday's agreement because now, “if there is a surge in the marketplace, we can accommodate it more effectively as we grow and respond to that marketplace.”
Canada's federal, provincial and territorial governments have long insisted that legalization is not about revenues. They say the priority is about protecting kids and taking weed profits out of the black market.
Morneau said the decision to provide a larger share to the provinces will allow them to “fairly deal with their costs” and enable them to work with municipalities, which had been asking for at least a one-third portion of the revenue to help ease the local burden of costs like law enforcement.
To eliminate the illicit market, the ministers agreed to keep the per-gram price of legal pot at roughly $10, or even lower.
“Our expectation is that by keeping prices low, we will be able to get rid of the black market. However, that will happen over time,” Morneau said during the closing news conference, their counterparts lined up behind him.
“Of course, we'll stay very much on top of this.”
They said the ministers are scheduled to gather again a year from now to assess how the framework is working.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said the introduction of safety, prevention and distribution costs will require considerable investments that won't be covered by their province's estimated $60-million share of excise tax revenue in each of the next two years.
“In the first couple of years, we will not be making money on this,” Leitao said.
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split, a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces, many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share.
Earlier Monday, Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it, too, would have costs, but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions.
Ottawa's initial estimates suggested the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could eventually reach $1 billion per year.
Morneau said Monday that the federal government has already committed more than $700 million over the coming years toward pot legalization in areas like policing and border security. They added they expect that number to rise.
During the meetings, the ministers also discussed the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They also explored the state of the global economy and heard a presentation from Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Talks also took place on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
“We agreed to take concrete steps to make sure that we had knowledge of who owns companies across our country so that we can do a better job at ensuring that we don't have tax evasion, that we don't have money laundering, that we don't have terrorist financing in any part of our country,” Morneau said.
The Roku Channel, the free ad-supported streaming service packed into every new Roku device, is about to expand its offerings from TV shows and movies to the world of 24/7 news. Starting soon, you'll see four news sources - including the likes of ABC News, Cheddar, Newsy and People TV - on the service.
The services, Roku says, will be more than just video playlists provided by each news organization, but rather a combination of live content and linear news. In the case of ABC News, all of this content is controlled live in a format Roku hopes will provide the blueprint for other major OTT streaming news networks.
“Now more than ever people want to find out what's happening in the world from a straightforward news source they know and trust,” said Colby Smith, Vice President, ABC News Digital. “After experimenting with thousands of livestreams and analyzing the data, we're excited to launch ABC News Live for younger viewers who increasingly rely on Roku and non-linear platforms for their news.”
As for the Roku Channel itself, it's growing in popularity. In a conversation with TechRadar, Rob Holmes, Vice President of Programming at Roku, says that the free streaming service is now a top 15 channels on the Roku platform as well as the #3 ad-supported channel.
Also new for the Roku Channel are collections - essentially bundles of TV shows or movies that Roku assembles in-house to meet a specific need for its customers. You might see an Action TV bundle, for instance, that combines martial arts films, police dramas and superhero films. This, Holmes says, will provide viewers a number of options based on their overarching tastes.
Roku, party of four, your TV show is ready
Coming later this year is Roku OS 8.1. It will feature a number of improvements, but the feature that stands out is the addition of private listening support for up to four devices.
Ideally, this means you and up to four friends or family members can listen in to the same TV show or movie via the Roku TV app without disturbing the rest of the house.
Before this, private listening was limited to one at a time via the built-in headphone jack on some of the higher-end Roku remotes or on the Roku TV app.
Roku OS 8.1 is expected to roll out on devices like the Roku Ultra, Roku Streaming Stick+ and Roku Express, among others, starting in May.
Last night at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show at Madison Square Garden a German Shepherd named Rumor won “Best in Show.”
Thomas Bradley who is the best-in-show judge said… “The German Shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility and Rumor is just magnificent.”
Rumor was named after the Adele song “Rumor Has It.”
Timing is everything don't you think? Rumor's handler had planned to retire them but decided to give them another run. Bet he's glad they did. : )
Just fyi… German Shepherd is the 2nd most popular dog in the US…. Labrador Retrievers are #1.
Do you have a favorite dog breed?
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Dunmore High School football players celebrate their win over Ligonier Valley at Hershey Park Stadium on Nov. 25 during the PIAA Class 2A quarterfinal in Hershey. Southern Columbia eliminated the Bucks in a Dec. 1 semifinal game. A writer praises the team's accomplishments.
Partial tax tale
Editor: A guest column published Dec. 6 in The Times-Tribune and authored by Laszlo Varga and Jose Manuel Sanchez of Procter & Gamble endorsed a proposed tax bill working its way through Congress.
They stressed the passage of the bill, with its lowering of the corporate tax rate of 35 percent, as “essential” to the economic future of the country. They assert it will boost economic growth here at home.
They can now come down from their soapbox.
P&G's effective tax rate in 2016 was 25 percent. In 2014, it was 21 percent. Moreover, that is only what they paid. The group Citizens for Tax Justice reports P&G has $49 billion in foreign profits stashed overseas in avoidance of the corporate tax.
The men write that countries are lowering their tax rates. True, but how much commercial opportunity is there for P&G in Kyrgyzstan or Uzbekistan? The Tax Foundation reports the worldwide weighted average corporate tax rate to be 29.55 percent.
Americans should not have to level the playing field for a company more concerned with maximizing its shareholders' returns than its obligation to pay its fair share of taxes to support our society. The economic future of our country depends on a prosperous middle class and successful small business.
DONALD G. MAYER JR.
SCRANTON
Real change needed
Editor: President Donald Trump and the truth have a long and complicated relationship that continues to keep journalists ready to fact-check.
We all remember their campaign promise to immediately repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. “You're going to have such great health care, at a tiny fraction of the cost — and it's going to be so easy,” they said. “Nobody can do it like me.”
But, by the end of February Trump had changed their tune and tweeted, “Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.” If there's one thing almost everybody across the political spectrum knew about health care reform, it's that it's really hard.
Probably the only thing harder is tax reform. Trump tweeted recently, “We're going to give the American people a huge tax cut for Christmas.” In reality, we would be better off with a lump of coal from all the mining jobs they didn't bring back.
Trump's tax bill is a middle class con job with the biggest benefits of the bill increasingly flowing to the rich, over time. By 2027, the Congressional Budget Office said, Americans earning $75,000 a year and less would, as a group, see their taxes increase, because individual tax cuts are set to expire at the end of 2025.
Trump won the election because Americans wanted change, but instead they got a president who is a disaster. Because of their incompetence, positive change will come in the form of new candidates inspired to run, many who never held office before.
A good example is Judy Herschel, a grass-roots candidate for U.S. representative in the 10th Congressional District in 2018. They will challenge Rep. Tom Marino, of Lycoming County, whose pockets are so weighed down by special interest contributions that they have no time to meet with their constituents.
This is the kind of change America needs and it can't happen too soon.
DEB McNAMARA
UNION DALE
Bucks applauded
Editor: The 2017 Dunmore High School football team accomplished every bit of the message of well-advertised lawn signs of “God family, Dunmore Bucks,” despite not achieving their preseason goal of playing for the state high school championship.
The team, coach Jack Henzes, additional coaches, the band, cheerleaders, students and fans became close together during the season. It has united and kept the Dunmore community together again for a very special reason.
One of the songs of the Christmas season, “Joy To the World, the Lord Is Come,” was exhibited in the ability of the team and fans to show courage and humility in losing, while still keeping their heads high. The Dunmore Bucks may have lost a game but gained a lot in the hearts of more than just the citizens of Dunmore.
We could not be prouder of all those involved who provided moral, spiritual support and leadership in every way. This is the season to be justifiably grateful.
The Bucks lost the game as a team with dignity and a realization that they will be prepared to meet future goals and challenges. They are indeed true winners. They played like champs and conducted themselves like champs. Congratulations on a job well done and appreciated by more than just the Dunmore community
JIM MASTERS
DUNMORE
Vanishing benefits
Editor: Republicans in the Senate have brought the elderly a giant step toward the precipice with a partisan approval of their “trickle-down” tax bill.
Now the least damage retirees can expect may be the loss of future cost of living increases in Social Security benefits. The most to fear will be depletion of the Social Security trust fund in a few years, followed by a 20 percent automatic cut in benefits.
Additionally, copays for Medicare could very well rise to 25 percent or more, with only 75 percent of medical expenses covered for beneficiaries. Those in Medicare Advantage plans would find essential benefits missing from their policies entirely.
Be proud of what your government has done, my fellow geriatrics, but remember: Pride cometh before a fall.
EARL BAILEY
SCRANTON
Dishonorable protest
Editor: It is shocking that awards are given for disrespect.
Some people call it freedom of speech, but Sports Illustrated magazine gave a person an award for disrespecting my country, my country's flag and my county's anthem by kneeling for the national anthem to protest racial injustices. Protest all you want, but don't disrespect my country, the flag and the national anthem. There is a difference between protesting and disrespect.
Put your head where your heart should be. Many people are no longer here and gave you the right to protest, not to disrespect the cause for which they gave their lives.
RICHARD BYRON
DICKSON CITY
Illegal formation
Editor: With the college football bowl season upon us, here are some lesser-known games to add to the lineup:
■ Impeachment Bowl: A variation of the venerable Peach Bowl, this contest pits the Russia Colluders vs. Mueller's Maulers.
■ Charlie Rose Bowl: Not just any Rose Bowl, this one is a clash between entertainers, media personalities and politicians accused of groping and harassment vs. their accusers and their legal teams.
■ The Multi-Flush Bowl: In this epic battle, Washington lawmakers do their best to get clogged, stubborn legislation to go down before the stadium overflows and washes their constituents into a sea of despair. This matchup features special guest referee Colin “the Plunger” Kaepernick.
VINCE MORABITO
SCRANTON
It's no secret DIY is having made an enormous comeback in recent years; the way Americans approach the biggest day of their lives is perhaps the best example of this. Where the nearly wed once dreamed of white limos and sweeping chandeliers, they now opt for burlap and barns. Rustic, more casual ceremonies rule the world of weddings now. The best part? The creative freedom this kind of event gives you. It's easier than ever to add a unique touch, even unconventional touch to your big day — touches like these 15 cute and affordable wedding favors you can buy on Etsy.
The wedding industry in the United States is booming. As it turns out, people won't hesitate to drop a pretty penny on their big day — the average cost of the event in the United States is over 35 grand (yowza!). Being a wedding guest comes with a pretty hefty price tag as well; the average cost of attending a wedding in 2015 was $673, an almost $100 increase from the previous year. If you're reading this while with impending nuptials on the horizon, don't panic. There are plenty of ways you can cut the price tag. But, if the thought of hand making every favor ON TOP OF planning the other minute details of your big day seems like too much to take on, Etsy is here to help.
1. Succulents
Succulent Wedding Favors, $3.00, Etsy
Give your guests a miniature version of everyone's favorite apartment plant. Every time they look at their little verdant buddy they will think of all the fun they had at your reception.
2. Seed Bomb Cards
Seed Bomb Cards, $2.59. Etsy
What's more beautiful than treating your guests to something that will bloom just as your love did?
3. Loose Tea
Test Tube with Loose Leaf Tea, $2.79, Etsy
If you're concerned about giving out favors that will actually be used (because who actually needs another matchbook?!) these cute tubes of loose leaf tea are perfect. Choose from five different varieties including Black Rose and Chai
4. Candle
Candle Wedding Favor, $3.50, Etsy
These little candles burn with the intensity akin to your love. Choose from a variety of scents like Eucalyptus Mint and Cherry Blossom.
5. Wedding Favor Soaps
Lavender Goat Milk Soap Favors, $1.99, Etsy
Giving someone a fancy soap is like gently nudging them to take a spa day. With these, it will be particularly hard to resist.
6. Jars of Honey
Mini Mason Jar Filled with Honey, $2.50, Etsy
There are a thousand clever explanations for why you should give honey as a favor after your big day. But most of all, because love is sweet.
7. Wooden Spoon Favor
Wooden Spoon Favor Keepsake, $1.99, Etsy
If you give out wooden spoons at your wedding, nobody will ever forget getting such a unique favor. Plus, they'll think of you every time they make soup. What's not to love?
8. Jars of Jam
Mason Jar Jam Favors, $2.90, Etsy
The best favors are edible. The very best favors pair well with carbohydrates. Enough said.
9. Drink Sleeves
Wedding Party Custom Coolies, $.50, Etsy
It's like a sweater for your drink, of course your guests will dig it.
10. Mini Handheld Mirrors
Mirror Wedding Favor, $2.39, Etsy
All too often people use their phone screen in place of a mirror nowadays. Let's be real: it doesn't work nearly as well. These beautiful little numbers are perfect for taking on the go.
11. Mini Cacti
Mini Cacti White Bucket, $4.00, Etsy
An adult cactus can live to be 125 years old. Giving these to your wedding guests is a good omen.
12. Olive Oil
Another option for those opting for practical favors. Who doesn't use oil?
13. Bath Salt
Apple Blossom Bath Salt, $5.48, Etsy
Nothing says "Thank you for coming to my wedding" like giving something that will make your bath luxurious.
14. Mulling Spice Sachet
Mulling Spices Party Favors, $4.00, Etsy
Used for making a drink sure to warm your heart (almost as much as love does).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
McDonald's menu is pretty diverse, whether you prefer chicken, beef, fish or you're vegetarian, there is something to satisfy most people's needs.
But there is one thing about McDonald's menu that has been puzzling diners for years, and the chain has finally addressed the issue.
The chain will give you ketchup, sweet chili sauce, BBQ sauce and a whole host of other sauces - but one condiment is conspicuous by its absence.
For years, Maccy's fans have complained over the lack of mayonnaise, reports the Birmingham Mail.
(Image: Steve Parsons/PA Wire)
"Why no mayo?" they rage on social media, furiously venting their condiment-related woes.
Well, Cosmopolitan have asked the fast-food giant the reason behind its alleged hatred of the white stuff.
McDonald's, remarkably, claims there is not enough "demand" for the delicious dressing.
A spokesperson said: "What we offer in our restaurants is based on customer demand.
"We don't currently have any plans for mayonnaise to be made available."
So sorry mayo fans, but you'll just have to continue to make do with ketchup.
© Reutersmedia
The National Rifle Association, along with the White House and some Republican lawmakers, are voicing support for taking action on "bump stocks."On Thursday, the NRA came out to the surprise of many and supported talks on regulating what are known as bump stocks. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders also said on Thursday that the White House will take calls for regulation into account. Many in the Republican Party joined them and voiced their support to look into the legality of the devices.The largest gun rights lobbying group in the country also supports an executive governmental review on the devices to determine if they comply with federal gun laws.Representative Carlos Curbelo (R-Florida) said Thursday they plan to introduce a piece of bipartisan legislation to ban the bump stocks. Curbelo hopes to file the bill in the next day or two, The Hill reported.Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin) also came out in support of regulation for bump stocks on Thursday. "Fully automatic weapons have been banned for a long time," Ryan said when asked by MSNBC about their stance on the devices. "Apparently, this allows you to take a semiautomatic and turn it into a fully automatic. So clearly that's something we need to look into."Senator Ron Johnson (R-Wisconsin), the chairperson of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, said Thursday that they would likely support some kind of action against bump stocks."Automatic weapons are illegal," Johnson told reporters on Wednesday, according to The Hill . "To me, that is part of that same type of process. So I have no problem banning those.""The only reason to modify a gun like this is to kill as many people as possible in as short of a time as possible," Feinstein said, NBC News reported. They also stated that their daughter was planning to go to the Las Vegas concert on Sunday night, but decided not to.According to police, Stephen Paddock orchestrated the deadliest massacre in modern American history on October 1, as they killed 58 people, and injured more than 500. Paddock fired their gun at thousands of concertgoers from their 32nd floor hotel room at the Mandalay Bay Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.
Protests are being held to call on the government to provide more funding to fix a "crisis" facing the NHS.
Activists with banners and placards gathered outside Leeds General Infirmary this afternoon during a national day of action organised by NHS campaigners.
Protesters outside Leeds General Infirmary
They are calling on the government to provide more beds, staff and funding to ease overcrowding in hospitals and delays in A&E departments.
At the Leeds protest John Puntis, a retired consultant paediatrician, said: "The staff who work in this hospital are very overstretched at the moment because of the winter crisis, and this is really because of under-funding of the NHS which has gone on over the past eight years."
Gilda Peterson, of Leeds Keep our NHS Public, said: "We reckon there were between 150-200 people there today. We got a lot of public attention. I think people are fed up of what's happening to the NHS.
"The support of NHS staff is great. They are doing a great job but they shouldn't have to work under the circumstances they are working in."
In London, thousands of people have braved the rain to take part in the "NHS in crisis: Fix it now", protest, organised by the People's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together.
The demonstration began at Gower Street in Central London at midday, and the crowds began their march to Downing Street at 1pm.
The Department of Health and Social Care said extra funds had been provided to support the NHS this winter.
A spokesperson added: "Despite the extra pressure that comes with winter, the most recently published monthly figures show hardworking staff treated 55,328 people within four hours every single day, 1,272 more each day than in the same month the previous year.”
By The Associated Press
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) — Syrian TV: President Bashar Assad met with Vladimir Putin at Hmeimeem base in Syria this morning.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Opponent: Charlotte Checkers
When: Tonight, 7:05
Where: Mohegan Sun Arena
Online: Follow @CVPiccotti on Twitter for live updates from the game. Nick Hart and Mike O'Brien will have the broadcast on 103.1 FM and 910, 930 and 980 AM — along with AHL Live.
About the Checkers: Charlotte joined the Atlantic Division this offseason after finishing fourth last year in the Central Division (39-29-7-1). It was one of the most well-disciplined teams in the league, recording the second-fewest penalty minutes of any squad (827). ... Four of Charlotte's top-five goal scorers from last season are back, led by center Lucas Wallmark (24) and center Andrew Poturalski (19). ... Charlotte eliminated the Penguins from the 2011 Calder Cup Playoffs, claiming a 4-2 series win in the second round.
Donatelli's analysis: “The (Checkers) have a lot of structure. You can tell they are coached well. They buzz, they work hard. So, any time a team has good structure and works hard, we're going to have to answer the bell ourselves.”
Other notes: The Penguins have won their last two season-opening games, including a 6-2 thrashing of Hartford last season. ... Wilkes-Barre/Scranton and Charlotte will meet a total of four times during the regular season. ... Jean-Sebastien Dea was only Penguin to score multiple goals (2) during the team's four preseason games.  They are the longest-tenured Penguin other than captain Tom Kostopoulos.
— TYLER PICCOTTI
How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare
The two starting quarterbacks in Sunday's Super Bowl couldn't be more different. The New England Patriots have Tom Brady a five-time champion and global icon. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles, who doesn't have such a long list of accomplishments.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Sunday's Super Bowl has one big mismatch - the quarterbacks. On the defending champion, New England Patriots, you have Tom Brady. On the short list of all-time greatest quarterbacks, they are also obscenely rich and husband to Gisele Bundchen, one of the most famous supermodels in the world. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles. A sportswriter once described them as, quote, "contrite, non-charismatic, cautious, churchgoing." Personality aside, Foles was playing backup quarterback only two months ago. Before signing with the Eagles this season, they were considering retiring.
So is it as big a mismatch as that might sound? Well for more on that, we turn to Bob Ford.  They are sports columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer. Hello, there.
BOB FORD: Hello, Mary Louise, great to be with you.
KELLY: Great to have you with us. Who is Nick Foles? Tell us a little bit about him.
FORD: Well, up to this point, he's been sort of a quarterback that's bounced around a little bit - really didn't have a great career. In some ways, they don't have a past. In some ways, they might not have a future after this game. So this is really their moment. And whether he's going to be remembered or not is going to be largely accountable to what happens in the game on Sunday. So that's quite a spot he's in.
KELLY: You're saying potentially they could win the Super Bowl as quarterback for the Eagles, and you're not sure they have a future in the sport?
FORD: Well, I think they have a future as a backup again. I think the Eagles are very much committed to keeping Carson Wentz as their young, up-and-coming quarterback. And he'll get the job back once they recover from surgery. And Nick Foles will return to their role in the shadows.
KELLY: Now they are known for having had one magic year. They killed it in 2013. They were playing for the Eagles. What happened?
FORD: Well, they had a new coach that year, Chip Kelly. And Chip Kelly brought a lot of different methods to the game. And it took a little bit of time for the defenses around the league to catch up with what those were - and catch up they did. But in the interim, as you said, Nick Foles won 8 out of 10 games. They threw 27 touchdowns - only two interceptions. It was magical. But I also think that was a bit of a mirage given what came afterward.
KELLY: And what came afterward?
FORD: Well, the next season they didn't do quite as well. Nick broke their collarbone. They got traded to the St. Louis Rams. They were a disaster there. And they rebounded as a backup last year in Kansas City before coming back to Philadelphia. So at 29, having had contemplated retirement, they were probably just going to be a career guy who stood on the sideline in a baseball hat and clapped their hands until Carson Wentz got hurt.
KELLY: Wow, and here they are in the Super Bowl on Sunday. Well, let me ask you this. Do they enjoy the advantage of being the underdog? I mean, the expectations are low compared to what Tom Brady is up against.
FORD: Well, I think Nick is used to being the underdog. They are, you know, lightly recruited for college. They were certainly lightly thought of coming out of college. They were only a third round pick of the Eagles. No one has ever been overwhelmed by their athleticism. So I think for Nick being an underdog, this is nothing new. And the fact that he's an underdog in the Super Bowl to Tom Brady is not only a comfortable place for him, but it's expected.
KELLY: How have fans in Philadelphia taken to him?
FORD: Well, it's a little like finding out that your garage mechanic can also do open-heart surgery if you really needed them to...
(LAUGHTER)
FORD: ...Because they didn't think all that much of Nick when they came back. And they love, love, love Carson Wentz. So when Carson Wentz tore their knee ligament, was lost for the season, there was certainly a sense of, OK, it's not about this season anymore. We're just going to build for the future. And then all of a sudden, Nick Foles won two playoff games. And here they are in the Super Bowl. And as I said, it's unexpected. But for a town that has not had all that many championships recently, they'll take any shot they can get.
KELLY: And what do you think? How big a shot is it? Can they and the Eagles beat Tom Brady and the Patriots on Sunday?
FORD: Let me put it this way. The hardest thing about winning the Super Bowl, Mary Louise, is getting into it. Once you're in it, you have a puncher's chance. I think if they played this game ten times, the Patriots would win seven. But they're only going to play at once, so it could be one of those three. So they certainly have a chance. Funny things happen in this game. The ball bounces around funny. And, yeah, they certainly have a chance.
KELLY: Bob Ford, thanks very much.
FORD: Mary Louise, my pleasure.
KELLY: Bob Ford of the Philadelphia Inquirer talking about Nick Foles, quarterback for the Eagles, and what kind of shot they have at a Super Bowl ring come Sunday.
(SOUNDBITE OF SOUTHERN CREEK PLAYERS' "FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Europe is expecting a decision from Trump during the day Thursday, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said.
They pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
If the U.S. goes ahead with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return.
EU trade commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom tweeted that "the EU wants to be fully excluded from these tariffs and rather engage in a positive transatlantic trade agenda."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of U.S. national security.
After meeting with Ross, German economy minister Peter Altmaier told reporters that they don't expect a decision soon on foreign cars.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," they said. They noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But Germany's Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," they said.
Ross and Lighthizer seem like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
The OECD also said persistent high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes. After a first-quarter slowdown, the agency slightly revised down its forecast for world growth this year to 3.8 per cent, with 3.9 per cent expected next year.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 6:53 pm |
Gov. Scott Walker signed a bill Monday lifting Wisconsin's moratorium on gold and silver mining, reversing their vote from nearly 20 years ago imposing the ban and brushing aside conservationists' warnings that the measure will lead to devastating pollution.
The governor signed the GOP-authored bill during a mid-day stop at the Oneida County Airport in Rhinelander. The bill's supporters say lifting the moratorium will re-energize mining in northern Wisconsin and boost the region's economy.
Lawmakers from both parties put the ban in place in 1998 out of concerns about sulfide mining polluting Wisconsin's waters. Walker was a member of the state Assembly at the time and voted to impose the prohibition. Their spokesperson, Tom Evenson, has said in recent weeks that the governor believes mining can be done without harming the environment, but they haven't offered anything more to explain the governor's change of heart.
“If there's anywhere in the world that should be able to conduct safe and environmentally sound mining, it should be the Badger State. #WIWorking,” Walker tweeted Monday.
They followed up with a news release in which they called mining a piece of Wisconsin's history.
“With this new bill, we're paying tribute to our state's rich roots in the field and creating new family-supporting careers in the mining industry, all while protecting our abundant and valuable natural resources,” Walker said.
Gold, copper, zinc, nickel and other metals are typically found bonded to sulfur. Such compounds produce sulfuric acid when exposed to oxygen and water, creating the risk of runoff polluting streams and rivers.
Sulfuric acid readily mixes with water and can kill fish, plants and insects as well as burn human skin, according to the National Wildlife Federation. Acidic waters also can release heavy metals such as arsenic and mercury when they pass through waste mining rock and mining tailings, according to the federation.
The 1998 law requires sulfide mining applicants to prove a similar mine has operated for 10 years somewhere in North America without causing pollution. It also requires applicants to prove that a similar mine has been closed in North America for a decade without causing pollution.
No other state has such requirements. The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources has never issued a final determination that any mining applicant has satisfied the standards.
The bill eliminates those requirements as well as eases sulfide mining regulations. Large-scale sampling operations will no longer need to obtain environmental impact statements. Administrative law judges wouldn't be able to block any DNR decisions on mining applications, forcing challengers into circuit court.
Mining applicants also will no longer have to establish perpetual trust funds to cover environmental damage, although they would be financially responsible for any environmental damage within 40 years of the mine's closure and would have to maintain the mine's water management systems for 250 years.
“The Governor joins fellow GOP legislators who embrace highly polluting and damaging mining over long-term sustainable development for central and northern Wisconsin,” Dave Blouin, mining chair for the Sierra Club's Wisconsin chapter, said in a statement. “This law will not result in prosperity for northern Wisconsin and threatens the natural resources that are the foundation of sustainable jobs from tourism, agriculture and our outdoor heritage.”
Walker's allies praised the signing. Eric Bott, leader of the conservative group Americans for Prosperity-Wisconsin, praised the governor for signing the bill.
The bill marks the second significant piece of legislation designed to jump-start the mining industry in northern Wisconsin that Walker will have signed since taking office in 2011. The other bill dramatically loosened Wisconsin's iron mining regulations. The measure was designed to clear the way for Gogebic Taconite to dig a massive open-pit mine near Lake Superior. The company promised the mine would create hundreds of jobs but ultimately gave up on the project.
Most bills take effect within days of the governor signing them, but Republican Rep. Jerry Petrowski amended the moratorium bill to delay its effective date for six months. Petrowski said they wanted to give local governments time to develop their own mining ordinances, saying in a letter to the Wisconsin counties and towns associations that sulfide mining carries “inherent risks.”
New Delhi: The Virat Kohli-led Team India thrashed visitors Australia 4-1 in the five-match ODI series and now, a confident Indian unit will aim to extend their dominance over the Aussies in the three-match T20I series starting in Ranchi on Saturday.
With a staggering 9-4 head-to-head record in favour of the hosts, nd a 3-0 clean sweep in their previous meeting in Australia in January last year, India definitely look a formidable unit going into Saturday's encounter at the Jharkhand Cricket Association International Stadium.
The Men in Blue will also be bolstered by the return of old warhorses like Ashish Nehra, Dinesh Karthik and opener Shikhar Dhawan against a side with whom they have lost only once out of the five series played so far.
The rise of all-rounder Hardik Pandya and the guile of the wrist spin duo of Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal have made life difficult for Australia in the ODI series.
The return of the 38-year-old Nehra will be a key factor for India as the left-arm pacer would add variety to the pace attack of Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Jasprit Bumrah.
Dhawan, who had opted out of the five-match ODI series, is back after attending to their ill wife, while Lokesh Rahul's inclusion ahead of an in-form Ajinkya Rahane will also add to the stiff competition in the top order.
Their return from a shoulder injury has not been up to the mark as they did not get a chance in the ODI series but Rahul has been retained for the T20I series and they would look to make it count.
Australia, on the other hand, will aim to gain some confidence before heading back to play the Ashes series in a month's time.
However, they were dealt a huge blow as skipper Steve Smith has been ruled out of the T20I series with a right shoulder injury.
Marcus Stoinis will come in as a replacement for Smith in the squad with David Warner set to lead the side.
The tourists will hope for a better show from their middle order, including the likes of Glenn Maxwell and Travis Head, who failed to click as a unit during the ODIs.
Uncapped left-arm speedster Jason Behrendorff, along with wicketkeeper-batsman Tim Paine, all-rounders Moises Henriques and Dan Christian, are the new additions in Australia's T20I squad.
Australia's success in the series will also depend on their pace bowling department comprising of the likes of Patrick Cummins, Behrendorff, Kane Richardson and Nathan Coulter-Nile.
Squads:
India: Virat Kohli (Captain), Rohit Sharma (vice-captain), Shikhar Dhawan, KL Rahul, Manish Pandey, Kedar Jadhav, Dinesh Karthik, MS Dhoni (wk), Hardik Pandya, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Jasprit Bumrah, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ashish Nehra, Axar Patel.
Australia: David Warner (Captain), Marcus Stoinis, Jason Behrendorff, Dan Christian, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Patrick Cummins, Aaron Finch, Travis Head, Moises Henriques, Glenn Maxwell, Tim Paine (WK), Kane Richardson, Adam Zampa.
With IANS Inputs
Wednesday, May 30, 2018
PARIS, FRANCE—According to a report in The Art Newspaper, researcher Aurelia Azema has identified a piece of a bronze sculpture in the collections at the Louvre as a bronze index finger from the colossal bronze statue of Emperor Constantine housed in Rome's Capitoline Museum. All that survives of the fourth-century statue in Rome is the head, the left forearm, the left hand missing part of its middle finger and most of its index finger, and a sphere that rested in the palm of the statue's left hand. The missing digit arrived at the Louvre in the 1860s with items from the collection of the Italian Marquis Giampietro Campana. It was eventually cataloged as a toe in 1913. Azema, joined by specialist in ancient metallurgy Benoît Mille and archaeologist Nicolas Melard, created a 3-D model of the finger which they took to Rome earlier this month. The finger turned out to be an exact fit with Constantine's colossal hand. To read about another Roman statue, go to “Artifact: Roman Dog Statue.”
Taal Thok Ke: Will Congress apologise for Salman Khurshid's 'blood of Muslims' remark?
Taal Thok Ke: This is a special segment of Taal Thok Ke which brings to you panel discussion on concurrent issue. Here the question raised is that will Congress apologise for Salman Khurshid's 'blood of Muslims' remark?
NATIONAL
North Korea on Saturday defended its plan to celebrate the country's army anniversary with a military parade next week, refuting outside speculations that the military parade set for the day before the opening of the PyeongChang Olympics may involve military provocations.
"Nobody has the right to take issue" with North Korea's hosting of the military anniversary event, the country's ruling party Rodong Sinmun newspaper said in a column Saturday. The event is only aimed at "celebrating the founding anniversary of the Korean People's Party," the newspaper argued.
A photo released by North Korean media shows artillerty units taking part in the event marking the 85th anniversary of the foundation of North Korea`s military on April 25, 2017. Yonhap
"It is a custom and very basic common sense that any country in the world takes the founding anniversary of its military very seriously and celebrates it with extravagant events," according to the paper.Last month, North Korea announced that it will celebrate the army foundation day on Feb. 8 starting this year instead of the country's past celebration on April 25. The newly designated date falls on the day before the opening of the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea's PyeongChang.This led to wild media speculations in and outside of South Korea that the North's military parade for the anniversary celebration may lead to military provocations and dampen the inter-Korean reconciliatory mood formed by North Korea's rare participation in the upcoming Olympics.The Rodong Sinmun indicated that the new date has nothing to do with the Olympics, pointing to the fact that North Korea's standing army was in fact put together on Feb. 8 some seven decades ago. The North did mark the date as the army foundation anniversary before the country started to celebrate the anniversary in April in 1978.The newspaper called outside criticism of the rescheduling a "malicious accusation."It also slammed South Korean Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon for forecasting, "North Korea's military parade is highly likely to be a very threatening one."If the South Korean government continues to condone such criticism of North Korea, it will only cast clouds over its hosting of the Olympics, the newspaper said, adding the South's government will be made to take responsibility for that. (Yonhap)
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Charged In Corruption Scandal
Enlarge this image toggle caption Vincent Thian/AP Vincent Thian/AP
Updated, 11:30 p.m. ET:
Former Malaysia Prime Minister Najib Razak has been charged with corruption and criminal breach of trust in connection with the multibillion-dollar graft scandal known as 1MDB.
Najib was charged in a lower court Wednesday in the Malaysia capital of Kuala Lumpur with three counts of criminal breach of trust and one count of corruption. The charges come one day after Najib was arrested by anticorruption officials.
Each criminal breach of trust comes with up to 20 years in prison, according to the Associated Press. Because they are more than 60 years old, Najib will be exempt from the whipping penalty that also comes with those charges. The Straits Times reports that the corruption charge carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a fine of not less than five times the value of the bribe.
The case immediately will go to High Court, the third-highest level of courts in Malaysia. Najib is expected to contest the charges, according to a statement released Tuesday by their spokesperson.
Original story:
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was arrested Tuesday over their alleged role in a scandal involving the misuse of billions in government funds.
Najib has been investigated over suspicions that they may have siphoned off monies linked to a state investment fund called 1MDB.
Authorities have "seized jewelry and valuables valued at more than 1.1 billion ringgit ($272 million) from properties linked to Najib," according to The Associated Press.
It's not clear exactly what charges that Najib, who has denied wrongdoing, is facing as a result of the probe carried out by a government task force.
Najib set up the 1Malaysia Development Bhd government investment fund in 2009, and as NPR's Elise Hu has reported, it rapidly amassed billions of dollars in debt.
The Wall Street Journal, which brought the scandal to international attention, published a report in 2015 that investigators looking into 1MDB had "traced nearly $700 million of deposits into what they believe are the personal bank accounts" of Najib.
Najib tried to quash the Malaysian probe when the scandal came to light, according to the Journal. But as the newspaper notes, "a surprising election defeat in May stripped Mr. Najib of their ability to block investigations in Malaysia into what international prosecutors allege is one of the largest financial frauds of all time."
The U.S. Justice Department has also been investigating 1MDB, the Journal states, and "alleges in civil lawsuits that $4.5 billion was taken from the fund and used to buy mansions, a yacht and to fund a Hollywood production company, among other uses."
U.S. investigators allege that Najib's stepson's company, "Red Granite Pictures Inc., used money stolen from 1MDB to finance Hollywood films including the Martin Scorsese-directed 'The Wolf of Wall Street,' " according to the AP. That company has paid a settlement, the news service adds.
Even though Najib has denied wrongdoing, the scandal played a role in unseating them as prime minister in May's shock election that also saw the ousting of Malaysia's ruling party of more than 61 years.
Mahathir Mohamad, Najib's 92-year-old successor who came out of retirement to run for election, told Reuters last month that there was "an almost perfect case" against the former prime minister.
After the election, Najib and their wife were barred from leaving the country and have been under investigation, according to the AP. Last week, Mahathir vowed that Najib would be prosecuted "soon" and said "much damage had been done by the previous government administration."
According to the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission, Najib is set to appear in court in Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday.
HOLYOKE - Holyoke Medical Center has helped make Massachusetts one of five states with the highest percentage of "A" hospitals for patient safety.
Holyoke's grade was achieved in the Spring 2018 round of hospitals scored nationwide on protecting patients from medical errors, infections and injuries by the Washington-based Leapfrog Group.
The commonwealth, which ranked seventh in the fall, moved to fourth place behind Hawaii, Idaho and Rhode Island, though its percentage of "A" hospitals dropped slightly from Fall 2017.
Holyoke Medical Center was the only area hospital to receive an "A" grade.
Pittsfield's Berkshire Medical Center received an "A" for the seventh consecutive year.
The hospital safety initiative by the employer-back not for profit Leapfrog gives some 2,500 hospitals letter grades ranging from "A," the top, through "F," based on a twice-a-year review of publicly available data from such sources as the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' Hospital Compare, the American Hospital Association's annual survey and the group's own annual survey.
A panel of medical professionals scores the hospitals on more than two dozen measures, involving both process and outcome, although not all hospitals report on all measures, and then those scores are translated into grades. The panel looks at rates of infection, problems related to surgery, practices done to prevent errors, safety issues and communication between staff and patients.
This is the fifth consecutive time Holyoke Medical Center has earned the top designation, something its President Spiros Hatiras credited to an "exemplary team of professionals, who provide excellent care every day to every patient."
Within the broad categories, Holyoke matched Best Hospital Score in several of 26 areas. These included staff working together to prevent errors, tracking and reducing risks to patients, and having enough qualified nurses as well as specially trained ICU doctors.
It was above average in 21 of the areas and below average in five.
Baystate Medical Center received a score of "B" for the fifth consecutive time.
Baystate Franklin Medical Center, in Greenfield, after five consecutive "A" scores received a "B" for Spring 2018.
Mercy Medical Center upgraded to a "B" from two previous consecutive "C" scores.
Northampton's Cooley Dickinson Hospital also upgraded to a "B."
The Leapfrog website reports that of the approximately 2,500 hospitals graded, 30 percent earned an "A," 28 percent earned a "B," 35 percent a "C," six percent a "D" and one percent an "F."
It also reports that there are no "A" hospitals in Alaska, Delaware or North Dakota
Leapfrog is inviting feedback on planned updates to its hospital safety grade methodology for Fall 2018.
If 2016 is a book then we're on the last page and we're about to close it forever and open the first page of 2017, and who knows what kind of book next year will be? Well, nobody can say for certain but I reckon it won't be dull. It'll be a thriller with a cast of thousands; it'll be a page-turner because you really will have no idea what's going to happen next. And I guarantee that there will be some moments that will make you gasp and put the book down and say: “Well, that's ridiculous. You couldn't make that up!”
And as I close the book on 2016 I perform my usual ritual of making resolutions about the kind of things I'll write and the kinds of things I'll read next year. Of course most resolutions, including mine, aren't worth the paper they're printed on, but I believe that the act of writing the resolutions makes me try to do something about them, or a pale version of them, before the year gets too old and wrinkled.
So, I resolve to read more works in translation next year: at a time when the world seems to be shrinking to nation states and self-interest, I reckon that the poetry and fiction of other countries is one way to keep in touch with how people in places all over the globe think and feel. My sub-resolution to that is to try to brush up my French and maybe try to learn a new language like German so that I can read this work in the original. To be honest, every year I resolve to learn a new language and every year I fail, but one day I'll succeed. La plume de ma tante can't remain in the salle à manger forever, n'est-ce pas?
I resolve that 2017 will be the year I read more fiction; I read a lot of poetry and journalism but I often let my fiction-reading slide. When lists like the Man Booker come out I'm often surprised that I haven't read any and in fractured times like this, fiction can often tell you how the world is thinking.
Talking of fiction, I think that 2017 should also be the year I try my best to read some crime fiction and some science fiction. As a boy I read a lot of SF, as we in the know called it, and I found it exciting because it presented me with a universe that was bulging with possibilities but then it seemed to leave me behind because, maybe, the science took over the fiction and the plot seeped through the science and I've never been much of one for plot.
Perhaps that's why I've never really fallen in love with crime fiction; because of the nature of the form it has to be threaded through with plot and, in the end, I find that I just like beautiful sentences and paragraphs rather than explanations of how the killer got into the locked room.
So: more translation, more fiction, more crime, more science fiction. I'll report back at the end of 2017 and let you know how I got on!
A serious road traffic collision in which a teenage girl died and their boyfriend, who was driving, was arrested by police took place at Peterborough Regional College this morning - thankfully as part of a staged road safety campaign.
Emergency Services and students from Peterborough Regional College teamed up to stage the crash reconstruction today, Tuesday February 14.
The ‘Drive to Arrive' day is an interactive way of teaching young people about safer driving and how to deal with peer pressure.
‘For My Girlfriend' is all about reminding teenage girls of the dangers they can face as passengers of cars driven by young males. Young male drivers are more at risk on the road and have a tendency to drive too quickly and overestimate their driving ability.
The crash reconstruction showed a team of firefighters and paramedics attempting to free a girl from a crashed car. The girl and their boyfriend are Peterborough Regional College Students. In the fictional scenario, the girl dies and the boyfriend is taken away by the police.
Clair George, Road Safety Officer for the SaferPeterborough Partnership, said: “The morning's activities are aimed at illustrating the terrible dangers and consequences that can occur from irresponsible driving. One of the key priorities of the SaferPeterborough Partnership road safety action plan is to reduce the number of young drivers and passengers aged 17 to 25 who are killed or seriously injured on Peterborough roads.
The staged crash reconstruction at Peterborough Regional College today
“Research shows that young drivers, in particular young male drivers, are at a much higher risk of crashing than their older counterparts. They are therefore more at risk of losing their lives or being seriously injured on the road, killing or injuring their young passengers or other road users. Road crashes are the single biggest killer of young people in the UK.”
They added “Young drivers have the tendency to drive too quickly and to over-estimate their driving ability. They are also vulnerable to peer pressure.”
During the crash reconstruction students were distributed the First Car Young Drivers Guide. This new publication covers issues that new and learner drivers will find useful, such as how to find a good instructor, mastering manoeuvres, buying a car, dealing with breakdowns as well as various road safety messages.
The staged crash reconstruction at Peterborough Regional College today
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Striker Alvaro Morata will miss Chelsea's Premier League clash at Huddersfield through fatigue and a back issue.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte is poised to rotate their options as they seek an immediate response to the loss at West Ham, but Morata is not available.
Midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko could also be rested after their half-time substitution at the London Stadium, while midfielder Danny Drinkwater (illness) and defender David Luiz (knee) could come into contention, with both being monitored.
Conte said: "Drinkwater started to train on Sunday after theirs fever.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
"He's come with us, but for sure after three or four days with a fever, their physical condition is not at the top level.
"David Luiz is continuing to recover from their knee problem. And Morata is out.  They are a bit tired and they have a problem in their back."
Provisional squad: Courtois, Caballero, Rudiger, Alonso, Fabregas, Drinkwater, Kante, Hazard, Pedro, Bakayoko, Moses, Kenedy, Zappacosta, Willian, Batshuayi, Cahill, Christensen, Azpilicueta, Luiz, Clarke-Salter, Sterling, Eduardo, Ampadu.
© Jule Hubbard
© Champion Towing & Recovery
Three tow trucks were used to keep an unoccupied Oldsmobile Alero from falling into a sinkhole in the Taco Bell parking lot near the intersection of U.S. 421 West and Winkler Mill Road in Wilkesboro about 8 a.m. Monday.Asphalt had collapsed beneath both tires on the driver's side of the Oldsmobile and it was at risk of falling into the hole by 7 a.m. Monday.Two conventional tow trucks, one at the front and the other at the rear of the Oldsmobile, were used to left up the car while a rollback tow truck was used to pull it in the direction of the passenger's side and onto the flatbed of the rollback.A spokesperson for Champion Towing in Wilkesboro, which had the rollback and one of the other tow trucks on the scene, said the Oldsmobile was removed from the hole without a scratch. The other tow truck was from Southeastern Cars & Parts in Ronda.Wilkesboro-based Wisco Diversified Inc. owns the restaurant, including the building and land.A spokesperson for Wisco wasn't immediately available, but the Wilkes Journal-Patriot was told at the scene Monday that the Oldsmobile was one of three company vehicles parked around the hole Sunday to keep anyone from trying to park there. Sections of chain link fencing were also used.Taco Bell remained open at 8:30 a.m. Monday.There was no culvert or standing water visible in the hole.A sinkhole appeared elsewhere in the Taco Bell parking lot about six years ago.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): The Allen County Sheriff's Department is seeking information on the identity of an individual caught on camera breaking into work vehicles parked at a Spencerville business and stealing power tools.
Police say a white man with short hair, wearing dark pants and a zip-up hoodie, pulled up in a tan Ford Windstar minivan, missing the rear passenger side hubcap. Security cameras were able to capture an image of the vehicle; we have that photo above.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Allen County Sheriff's Department Detective Bureau at 449-7411.
Jacques Bailly pronounces a word for a speller during the 2018 Scripps National Spelling Bee at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center.
Sean Dougherty, USA TODAY Network
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. — Since they took over as Scripps National Spelling Bee's official pronouncer in 2003, Jacques Bailly has never taken a break from reading out spellers' words during the competition — until this year.
With their calming voice, the Classics professor from University of Vermont — who goes by Dr. Bailly around here — is a staple of the National Bee. They greet every student with their word, provides definitions, word origins and alternate pronunciations and is a familiar face amid the bright lights of being on stage.
But in 2018, the Scripps Bee fielded its largest pool of competitors ever — 515 spellers, thanks to a new invitational program that allows for spellers who didn't win a regional bee to qualify under certain circumstances.
That means almost double the number of spellers Bailly read words to and an extra day of competition to be at the forefront of the competition.
"I would probably run myself into the ground doing this because I just love doing it," Bailly said. "I don't really want to take a break, but I recognize that with three days, I've got to do some pacing."
They planned to take two breaks during the third round Wednesday, which featured 452 spellers who remained in the competition after Tuesday's rounds. Finalists will compete in prime time on ESPN Thursday night.
"Imagine three days, you're up there in the spotlight and you're supposed to be as perfect as you can be. It's a fair bit of energy," they said. "I just wanted to make sure we give the spellers what they deserve."
More: Their dad won the National Spelling Bee in 1985. Now, he's competing for the 2018 title
Brian Sietsema, also a Scripps pronouncer, took Bailly's place during brief breaks in Wednesday's preliminary rounds, but Bailly remained in the room where spellers competed: “I wanted to watch,” they said with a laugh.
“Jacques makes it look easy. It's not easy at all. It's like balancing on top of a chair on top of a surfboard going across the Pacific Ocean,” Sietsema said. “You've got to have laser-like attention on the speller in front of you.”
Pronouncer Jacques Bailly, left, and Associate Pronouncer Brian Sietsema chat between rounds during the 2018 Scripps National Spelling Bee at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center.
Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Network
But for Bailly, pronouncing the words goes beyond just the competition. They record word pronunciations that students use to practice ahead of the Bee so that they know they voice they'll hear when they compete.
“On their computers at home, they've heard my voice during the year. I think a lot of them feel like my voice is in their living room and their family room and at the breakfast table,” they said. “They really see me as somebody they kind of know.”
More: How these spellers made it to the Scripps National Spelling Bee — again
And they know what it's like being on the other side of the Bee's pronouncer. They won the National Bee in 1980. So when students do get up on stage, face a panel of judges and see Bailly, many feel comfortable and often great them with a “Hello, Dr. Bailly” or a quick quip — “Can you spell my word,” “Nice tie, Dr. Bailly” or “What's up, doc?”
They said to balance both having fun with students' greetings and providing them with the information they need to succeed, they try to show that they have their best interest at heart.
“When they say they're nervous, I think the best way to deal with that is to get on with it. That's kind of what they want to do, to get down to business, give them something to do up there.”
“I have the best fan club in the world,” they said.
Follow Ryan Miller on Twitter @RyanW_Miller
Faces of the Spelling Bee 2018 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Bryon Hefner, the estranged husband of former Massachusetts Senate President Stan Rosenberg, is escorted out of court after their arraignment at Suffolk Superior Court, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Boston. Hefner made their first court appearance since being indicted on sexual assault and other charges. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola)
Bryon Hefner, the estranged husband of former Massachusetts Senate President Stan Rosenberg, is escorted out of court after their arraignment at Suffolk Superior Court, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Boston. Hefner made their first court appearance since being indicted on sexual assault and other charges. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola)
BOSTON (AP) - The estranged husband of former Massachusetts Senate President Stan Rosenberg has pleaded not guilty to sexual assault and other charges.
Bryon Hefner was released on personal recognizance Tuesday after appearing in Suffolk Superior Court to face charges of sexual assault, distributing nude photos without consent and criminal lewdness.
They were also ordered to stay away from the alleged victims and the Massachusetts State House. Their trial was scheduled for March 2019.
Several men have accused Hefner of misconduct, prompting Rosenberg to step down as Senate leader in December. The Amherst Democrat is still a member of the Senate, and the two have since separated.
In a written statement given to reporters, Hefner's attorney said their client looks forward to defending themselves in court, where their accusers "cannot remain anonymous."
Peterborough United secured their third, and comfortably the best, 1-1 draw of the festive programme at Scunthorpe today (January 2) thanks to a late own goal.
Posh had huffed and puffed in the second half without seriously threatening an equalising goal until Michael Smith's deep right wing cross struck home defender Charlie Goode and bounced into the net six minutes from time.
The ball has struck Scunthorpe defender Charlie Goode and ended up in the back of their own net to give Posh a point. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
That goal roused Scunthorpe who were denied a winning goal by Luke McGee's fine save from Jordan Clarke and headed clearances off the goalline by Smith and Andrew Hughes from shots by Paddy Madden and Kevin van Veen.
Scunthorpe had opened the scoring in the final minute of the first half direct from a 20-yard free kick from Josh Morris.
But Posh recovered to increase their unbeaten run to seven matches ahead of their FA Cup date at Chelsea on Sunday (January 8).
Manager Grant McCann surprised many with their team selection, particularly handing recent signing from St Albans, Junior Morias, a debut and starting them up front on their own against a side who have conceded just seven goals at home all season.
Posh goalkeeper Luke McGee is beaten by a superb free kick from Scunthorpe's Josh Morris. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
On-loan midfielder Martin Samuelsen also started in a fluid midfield five, but Posh, with the exception of skipper Chris Forrester, passed the ball so poorly they invited pressure from the kick off.
They almost made it to half-time thanks to some doughty defending, indifferent finishing and one remarkable save from McGee, but hauling down Duane Holmes on the edge of the area in added time proved fateful.
Dead-ball king Morris, who had already had one sighter, accepted their second invitation firing the ball past McGee from 20 yards.
The ball flew into the side of the goal protected by McGee, but it's hard to fault a man who has kept Posh in so many games this season.
Posh substitute Lee Angol battles for the ball with Scunthorpe's Neal Bishop. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
Indeed Scunthorpe would have been in front 15 minutes earlier, but for a superb double stop by the Posh ‘keeper.
They saved Hakeeb Adelakun's low drive with their feet, but the rebound presented van Veen with a virtual open goal six yards from goal. van Veen took careful aim, but McGee appeared from nowhere to deflect the ball over the bar with their boot.
van Veen and strike partner Madden also missed decent chances before Morris, playing at left-back in this game, sent a terrific low cross into the Posh penalty area which somehow eluded everyone.
Posh offered nothing in reply. Morias was poorly served, but lacked the height or mobility to make an impact. The odd break out of defence was inevitably ruined by a poor final pass.
The double substitution of Lee Angol and Leo Da Silva Lopes for Gwion Edwards and Paul Taylor did pep Posh up, but a greater share of possession didn't lead to an increase in the chances created.
Morias and Da Silva Lopes shot wide from distance, while a handful of set-pieces led to very little.
Until Goode's bad error saved Posh an unlikely point.
Posh: Luke McGee, Michael Smith, Andrew Hughes, Michael Bostwick, Ryan Tafazolli, Chris Forrester, Martin Samuelsen, Gwion Edwards (sub Leo Da Silva Lopes, 46 mins), Marcus Maddison, Paul Taylor (sub Lee Angol, 46 mins), Junior Morias (sub Tom Nichols, 80 mins). Unused substitutes: Mark Tyler, Hayden White, Callum Chettle, Jerome Binnom-Williams.
Scunthorpe: Luke Daniels, Murray Wallace, Jordan Clarke, Charlie Goode, Josh Morris, Neal Bishop, Duane Holmes (sub Stephen Dawson, 66 mins), Sam Mantom, Hakeeb Adelakun (sub Luke Williams, 55 mins), Paddy Madden, Kevin van Veen (sub Jonathan Margetts, 90 mins).
Unused substitutes: Joe Anyon, Scott Wiseman, Tom Hopper, Richie Smallwood.
Goals: Posh - Goode (og, 84 mins).
Scunthorpe - Morris (45 mins).
Cautions: Posh - Tafazolli (foul), Maddison (foul), Hughes (foul).
Referee: Andy Haines 5
Attendance: 4,855 (no Posh figure given, approx 500).
Emergency checks are to be carried out on tower blocks going through the same process of refurbishment as Grenfell Tower, a minister has said.
Policing and Fire Minister Nick Hurd said they wanted to provide reassurance to people living in other buildings as soon as possible.
They said: "We have discussed with the Department for Communities and Local Government, local authorities and the fire service a process whereby we seek to identify towers that might have a similar process of refurbishment, run a system of checks so that we can, as quickly as possible, give reassurance to people."
Following a meeting of the Government's Civil Contingencies Secretariat, Mr Hurd refused to be drawn on reports that ministers had been warned that building regulations were in urgent need of updating.
However they said that they were determined to establish exactly what happened.
"I am not going to comment on that at the moment," they said. "I hope people will understand that the priority of the Government at the moment is to manage the emergency response, to deal with the security, to deal with lives to be saved, lives to be rebuilt, and to make sure that we have got the support in place for this emergency response.
"That will then move into recovery phase and then we will move into a phase where we seek to answer the questions that people quite understandably have, so we really understand what happened here, what went wrong, so we don't find ourselves in this situation, because I don't think that anybody wants to go through another night like last night."
Mr Hurd said that whatever resources were needed to deal with the situation would be made available.
"Everyone I have spoken to on the frontline - the fire, the police, the ambulance services - resources have not been the issue," they said.
"People arrived very quickly in good numbers and with the right equipment to deal with an unprecedented situation last night.
"The Government is absolutely determined to make sure we are there to support the emergency and support services but also the people who have been caught up in this tragedy."
WILDCATS 5 MOOSEHEADS 1
MONCTON, N.B. — Anderson MacDonald opened the scoring in the first 1:19 of play with a power-play goal and the Wildcats built an early 5-0 lead to beat Halifax.
Dylan Seitz had the eventual winner for Moncton (22-21-8), while Nicholas Welsh, Jakob Pelletier and Daniil Miromanov also scored.
Brett Crossley was the lone scorer for the Mooseheads (32-12-6).
Moncton's Gabriel Sylvestre was given a match penalty for checking to the head at 14:19 of the third period.
---
TITAN 7 SCREAMING EAGLES 2
SYDNEY, N.S. — Mitchell Balmas and Olivier Galipeau had two goals apiece as Acadie-Bathurst beat Cape Breton.
Felix-Antoine Drolet, Noah Dobson and Samuel L'Italien rounded out the attack for the Titan (29-13-8).
Peyton Hoyt and Brooklyn Kalmikov scored for the Screaming Eagles (22-22-6).
---
ISLANDERS 5 SEA DOGS 2
SAINT JOHN, N.B. — Daniel Hardie had a pair of goals as Charlottetown beat the Sea Dogs.
Sullivan Sparkes had the eventual winner for the Islanders (28-18-3) at 19:27 of the first period. Thomas Casey and Nikita Alexandrov also scored for Charlottetown.
Ostap Safin and Luke Wilson replied for the Sea Dogs (12-29-9.
---
TIGRES 5 CATARACTES 2
SHAWINIGAN, Que. — Chase Harwell's short-handed goal in the second period was the eventual winner as Victoriaville downed the Cataractes.
Edouard Ouellet, Felix Lauzon, Ivan Kosorenkov and Dominic Cormier chipped in as well for the Tigres (26-18-6).
Leon Denny and Alex Plamondon scored for Shawinigan (14-32-3)
---
HUSKIES 4 FOREURS 1
VAL-D'OR, Que. — Patrik Hrehorcak had the third-period winner as Rouyn-Noranda topped Val-d'Or.
Justin Bergeron, Tommy Beaudoin and Peter Abbandonato rounded out the attack for the Huskies (30-12-8).
Julien Tessier scored for the Foreurs (18-27-4).
---
ARMADA 5 VOLTIGEURS 4
BOISBRIAND, Que. — Drake Batherson had a hat trick, including the short-handed winner, as the Armada edged Drummondville.
Joel Teasdale and Remy Anglehart also scored for the Armada (36-9-4).
Nicolas Guay struck twice for the Voltigeurs (34-14-2), while Robert Lynch and Connor Bramwell chipped in as well.
---
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
By The Canadian Press
Even though it's been about 17 (!!!) years since I first started my period, I'm still not an expert — and I'm pretty sure that most people out there who menstruate would probably agree with me. Periods are weird. Periods and their symptoms are unpredictable, even when they come every 28 days like clockwork, even when, like me, you've had about 200 of them. Periods are a huge pain in way more than just the uterus, and we definitely need to talk about it. That's what Erin Chack does in their hilariously relatable essay "Why I Can Never Visit Egypt" from their 2017 collection, This Is Really Happening.
"I've had my period over a hundred times in my life," they write, "and still every time it comes I think to myself, I can't believe this is an actual thing that happens. It's like the uterus is a magical storm cloud that lives inside your body and rains blood for days and days on end. How is everyone so calm about this?"
But that's the thing: we're not super calm about this. At least not at first. How many of us had our periods arrive one afternoon with very little fanfare and a surprising lack of information beforehand? That was definitely the case for Chack, who first imagined that a period was a tiny spinning pyramid inside a woman's stomach, and had to endure their mother's white knuckled, bare-bones explanation during one super tense (and hilariously relatable) car ride to ShopRite.
This Is Really Happening by Erin Chack, $12.59, Amazon
And once their period did arrive, Chack understood next to nothing about flow or how to insert a tampon. What they did know what that their period was supposed to signal this ascent into womanhood, whatever that means — an idea that has done more harm than good when it comes to menstruation politics. They write:
"When we made eye contact — me and the period — I was not overcome with a rush of maturity like I'd hoped. I didn't suddenly hear Shania Twain's 'Man! I Feel Like A Woman' playing in my head or feel a maternal instinct toward the toddler whining two stalls over. Instead I thought with alarming clarity, I'm going to have to deal with this every month for the next forty years, and shoved a wad of toilet paper in my ruined underwear as a makeshift pad."
It was losing their period during cancer treatments a few years later that made Chack decide to "never take you for granted, you beautiful horrible liquid alarm clock" — but if you think that led to an epiphany that all things menstruation suddenly became wonderful and easy, you'd be so, so wrong. What it did lead to was a menstrual cup, and another side-splitting example about just how perplexing periods can be. Because although menstrual cups are the latest in period technology — deemed healthier and more environmentally friendly than traditional pads and tampons — many people haven't exactly been given a ton of information (as usual) about how they work. Chack didn't have too much trouble inserting it. The removal? That was a different story. They write:
"I awoke the next day at eight a.m. and zoomed into the bathroom, excited to see what my cup had harvested while I slept. I consulted the directions insert one more time before attempting to remove the cup. There was a lot of talk of 'bearing down' and using your pelvic floor muscles to force the cup out, which I had missed the night before on my initial perusal. But the rest seemed pretty intuitive. Grip the stem and pull down. Simple enough."
Except after a couple of tries sitting on the toilet, and then standing in the shower, it was time to admit that the cup was stuck. Texting their cup-using best friend Alijah didn't help. Asking their boyfriend to go on a rescue mission definitely wasn't happening. After taking the morning off from work, Chack came to terms with the obvious: This was something had to do by herself. Much like, well, all of us. But just because periods are strange, uncomfortable, very personal, things, it doesn't mean that we have to allow this "just get on with it" mentality we've all been indoctrinated with to continue.
Why have periods become this secret shameful thing we hide in clutch purses because heaven forbid someone sees you holding a tampon? Why are we told to ignore them during gym class? And why have we allowed those who don't experience periods to laugh them off? Menstrual taboo can rear its ugly head in so many different ways both simple and sinister. From the shame and embarrassment that women all over the world endure when it comes to their time of the month, to the more sinister health issues that result from a lack of understanding and education, it's crucial that we all keep talking about the realities of periods, from the serious to the decidedly less so:
"Finally, I had managed to get it low enough to grip around the base. With one sure yank the cup popped out. I couldn't believe it. Free! At last! I held the cup at eye level and felt exactly how Sir Arthur must have felt the day they pulled the sword from the stone. Victorious. Triumphant. Covered in blood... On my way to the train I texted Alijah a flurry of messages: I fucking DID IT dude! It took all morning but I BIRTHED that thing. It was so fucking NATURAL. I am JUICED on being a woman right now. I LOVE VAGINAS. Do you think I should make a shirt that says that?"
And hey, if you're anything like Chack, you might just get a really good story out of it.
Darlington man pleads guilty to illegal gambling operation
Columbia, S.C. (WOLO) – Christopher Hayne Witherspoon, 44, entered a guilty plea this morning to one count of Keeping of a Gaming House and one count of Unlawful Possession of a Slot, Video, or Gambling Device, each offense carrying a maximum penalty of one year incarceration and a $2,000 fine and $500 fine, respectively. Witherspoon was given the maximum sentence and fine for each charge, suspended upon the service of one year probation and a total of $750 in fines.
“Gambling may seem like harmless entertainment to some people, but it has long been against the law in South Carolina and the laws must be enforced,” said Attorney General Wilson. “The fact that we prosecuted this case and the judge imposed the maximum sentence shows that we take it seriously.”
Officials say, Witherspoon was in possession of poker tables, several decks of playing cards, tournament sheets, IOU forms, football betting forms, poker chips, payout sheets and six video poker machines named Pot O' Gold, which is a device operated by slot into which money is inserted for the play of bingo or other games of chance.
Additionally, there were a total of three bank bags that were seized during the search that contained a total of $2,016.83 related to the gambling operation. As a result of the plea, Judge Burch ordered the destruction of all gaming equipment including the six video poker machines and the $2,016.83 seized to be forfeited to the State.
HOLYOKE -- With the sale of the Yankee Pedlar real estate to PeoplesBank expected to close in early September, the family that has owned the Holyoke landmark since 1995 plans to auction off the restaurant's furnishings and other items later this month.
The ornate wooden structure from the Pedlar's main bar, once a breakfront china cabinet at Holyoke's Kenilworth Castle, is included in the Aug. 30 auction, said former Pedlar general manager Jeff Clayton.
The cabinet is one of several pieces salvaged from Kenilworth Castle before it was destroyed in 1959 and incorporated into the Pedlar's decor. Other items from Kenilworth set to go on the block are the fireplace mantle from the bridal suite and a picture that once hung over that mantle.
Built in 1894, Kenilworth once stood on Route 5 heading north out of town.
Ahead of the auction, Clayton said, PeoplesBank bought "The Hunter," a piece of stained glass at the Pedlar that was also brought over from Kenilworth. The bank is also buying the main bar itself, as well as the bar back in the Yankee Pedlar's Opera Houseroom and other fixtures to include in the financial services center it plans to build at the site.
The sale will clear out all the other fixtures, furniture and equipment the bank didn't buy, Clayton said.
"It's a sad time. But we are almost toward the end," Clayton said. "This was the final step on our side to clear the place out."
Auctioneers Aaron Posnik & Co. will auction the goods off on site starting at 10 a.m. Aug. 30. An online listing is here and embedded below. Buyers can inspect goods the morning of the sale starting at 8:30 a.m.
Also for sale, but not necessarily from Kenilworth, are the 8-foot-by-3-foot chandelier from the Opera House, three grandfather clocks, two baby grand pianos and a refrigerator of carved oak dating to the early 20th century, along with modern bar and kitchen equipment and restaurant furniture.
PeoplesBank announced in April that it had a preliminary agreement to buy the Yankee Pedlar restaurant at Northampton and Beech streets.
PeoplesBank has also said it is exploring the possibility of saving at least the facade of the former restaurant as part of its new building.
The Pedlar had long been a popular location for proms and weddings, Chamber of Commerce and other events. It was a hub of activity during the annual St. Patrick's Parade and Road Race.
The John Hildreth House, built in 1875, is the center of the rambling restaurant and banquet complex.
Hildreth, once president and treasurer of the bank that grew into PeoplesBank, died in 1942. The family sold the property four years later to Eugene and Catherine Tamburi, who converted it into a restaurant.
Frank and Claire Banks bought the Yankee Pedlar in 1977. The Bankses added the Garden Room, the Herb Terrace and Simone's, "a small French bistro restaurant named after the longtime French Canadian employee, Simone Patenaude," according to an online history.
The Clayton family, led by Marty Clayton, bought the restaurant in 1995. The Claytons are also in the insurance business in Holyoke.
Following years of declining business and a failed attempt to sell to another restaurateur, the Clayton family closed the Pedlar in December 2016 and put the property up for sale.
PeoplesBank is buying five buildings on two acres.
None of the serious buyers who expressed interest in the building were interested in maintaining a restaurant and inn, Clayton said.
Clayton said the horse and buggy sculpture on the front lawn will be given the to the Holyoke Merry-Go-Round. The Claytons have already donated dinosaur tracks once displayed at the restaurant to the Holyoke Children's Museum. The tracks, which were found locally, have long been stored in the basement.
Yankee Pedlar auction by Jim Kinney on Scribd
The commemorations to mark the centenary of the Battle of Passchendaele have come and gone, but it should be remembered that 100 years ago the men of Lancashire were still fighting and dying as the battle dragged on. Roger Goodwin delves into the archives of the Lancashire Infantry Museum to tell the story of a Fulwood Barracks -based regiment in another phase in the battle – one which required powers of endurance even before they met the enemy
Belgium, October 1917, 100 years ago this month.
In the Ypres Salient, the Passchendaele campaign had been grinding on for two long, murderous months, largely in rain-drenched, sodden horror. Yet spells of fine weather in September had aided some British successes, which encouraged Field Marshal Haig, the British Commander-in-Chief, to believe the German defenders were on the point of collapse, and to order further attacks.
Misled by faulty intelligence, they are, as so often, wrong. The Germans were far from breaking point. Once again, the unrelenting weather was to come to their aid. And for the thousands of Lancashire men serving in the 66th (2nd East Lancashire) Division, it was to be a baptism of fire as dreadful as any endured on the Western Front.
The 66th Division was a First World War creation of a type not seen before or (apart from a brief period at the start of the Second World War) since in the organisation of the British Army. When the war broke out in 1914, the part-time soldiers of the pre-war Territorial Force could not be sent overseas without their consent.
The territorial units were accordingly split into a “first line”, with men who had volunteered for overseas service and a “second line”, which was intended for home service, by the ten per cent who refused to volunteer. The division was formed in the first few weeks of the war, as the 2nd East Lancashire Division, a second-line formation of the 42nd (East Lancashire) Division.
It was as ‘Lanky' a formation as it was possible to be, made up of 12 battalions of the Lancashire Fusiliers, East Lancashire, and Manchester Regiments, with supporting artillery, medical and engineer units also drawn from the region.
For two years, the division provided trained replacements for its parent unit and carried out home defence duties in England until, following the introduction of compulsory conscription in January 1916, all territorial soldiers were deemed liable for overseas service. In early 1917, the 66th Division moved to France.
For some months, it held the line in relatively easy sectors while it adjusted to frontline conditions, but in October, it made its debut in what became known as the Battle of Poelcapelle.
All the division's battalions fought just as bravely, and suffered equally, in what was to come, but here two of them, whose records are kept in the archives of the Lancashire Infantry Museum in Fulwood Barracks, must represent them all – the 2/4th and 2/5th East Lancashires, made up of men from Blackburn, Burnley and the surrounding area.
It started badly. The fine weather broke on October 5 and the rain ‘descended in torrents' throughout the move up to Ypres the following day. There the two battalions were directed to bivouac in an open field near the Menin Gate.
“It was a dismal prospect,” records the Regimental History. “The shell-pitted ground was sodden, no shelter of any kind was available and the troops had to make themselves as comfortable as might be on the sopping ground under waterproof sheets.”
There they remained, with the rain sheeting down continuously, for the next two days until battle orders were issued on October 8, and the two East Lancashire battalions learned that they had been designated to make the final attack on the last objective set for their Brigade in the coming advance.
Both battalions began to move up towards the front the same day. Reaching the western slopes of the Frezenberg Ridge (‘ridge' only in the military sense, since it was a mere fold in the ground), they were halted and bivouaced until nightfall. The slopes were shelled all day, and the 2/4th sustained about 20 casualties.
At about 6pm the battalions met up with their guides, and began to move in single file towards their assembly positions. What followed – even before they met the enemy – was an epic which has gone down in military history. It is not possible to improve on the words of the Regimental History, which is quoted here directly:
“The country traversed was in an indescribable condition. Heavy fighting had been continuously in progress for weeks past on this front – the ground had been so ploughed up by shells that distinguishing marks had been almost completely eliminated. A ribbon of mud-soaked, shell-pitted road ran eastwards ... but on either side the country was a veritable honeycomb of shell-holes for as far as the eye could reach, the only means of progression being by taking a winding course round the lips of the craters.
“Difficult enough ground this to traverse in daylight and when dry. But to cross in the darkness, under fire, was a task almost superhuman.
“Officers of high rank and wide experience have designated this march as one of the outstanding feats of the war.”
The 2/5th East Lancashires recorded with pride that not a single unwounded man fell out during the course of “this extraordinary march”.
Both battalions toiled over the morass without once resting from the time that their guides met them at 6pm on October 8 until the hour of the attack – 5.20am on October 9 – taking more than 11 hours to cover a distance which, as the crow flies, amounted to barely a mile.
The next day, the noted war correspondent Philip Gibbs wrote in The Times: “The brunt of the fighting fell yesterday ... upon... the hard tough men of Lancashire and Yorkshire ... especially ...those Territorial battalions of the Manchester, East Lancashire, and Lancashire Fusilier (Regiments).
“The night march of these men who went up to attack at dawn seems to me, who has written many records of brave acts during three years of war, one of the most heroic episodes in all this time. It took 11 hours for these Lancashire men to get up to their support line, and then, worn out with fatigue that was a physical pain, wet to the skin, cold as death, hungry and all clotted with mud, they lay in the water of shell-holes for a while until their officers said: “Our turn, boys,” and then they went forward through heavy fire, and over the same kind of ground, and fought the enemy with machine-guns – until they lay outside their last objective, and kept off counter-attacks with a few machine-guns that still remained unclogged and rifles that somehow they had kept dry.
“Nothing better than this has been done, and Lancashire should thrill to the tale of it because their sons were its heroes.”
When the attack did go in, it immediately became evident that the Germans were in great strength. The advancing troops were met by severe machine-gun and rifle fire, and the shell-fire was some of the heaviest experienced against infantry in the whole war. By about midday it was apparent the advance had not progressed beyond the first objective – a distance of about 500 to 600 yards – and a defensive line was established in anticipation of the inevitable counter-attack. It came at dusk, and was, in the main, repulsed.
By now the units of 198 (East Lancashire) Brigade – to which both the East Lancashires and some Manchester battalions belonged – had become so intermingled that independent unit command was almost impossible, and Lt Col Whitehead, Commanding Officer of the 2/5th East Lancashires, as the senior officer, took command of the whole mixed force. It remained in the frontline for the rest of the day and the next night, fighting off at least one more counter attack by enemy troops who were almost as exhausted as the British.
About 10am on October 10, a runner reached the headquarters of the 2/5th with a crumpled and only half-decipherable written message that the German position was to be taken at all costs.
‘It appeared to be an order of annihilation,' records the Regimental History. Lt Col Whitehead summoned the commanding officers of the other battalions, who agreed that if the order was carried out, it would involve the extermination of the Brigade. The order was re-examined, and it was found, with difficulty – and no doubt very great relief – to be 24 hours late.
‘But for this timely discovery, a terrible tragedy might have occurred,' records the regimental history dryly.
The battalions which had been engaged in the attack
remained in the line during the whole of October 10, under heavy shell-fire. It was fortunate that the enemy was, relatively speaking, immobilised by the state of the battlefield no less than were our own troops – who would otherwise have found themselves seriously short of ammunition and grenades.
As it was, they suffered terribly from shortage of water. The only means of getting supplies up to the frontline was by mule train, whose sole approach, as the Germans well knew, was along a single road.
This track consequently received constant attention from the enemy artillery throughout the attack and the succeeding days, and
although train after train was dispatched from Ypres (each animal carrying eight petrol tins – 16 gallons – of water), very few ever got through ‘and the suffering of the frontline troops was correspondingly accentuated.'
Finally, the next night, the force under Lt Col Whitehead was at last relieved. Even then their sufferings were not over, and they were heavily shelled on their way back. Eventually, however, the remnants of the two East Lancashire battalions reached the same field outside Ypres in which they had bivouaced before the battle.
For them, the Battle of Poelcappelle – just one phase in the ongoing horror of the Passchendaele campaign – was over. The cost of their first battle had been high. The 2/4th lost 13 officers and 316 men killed or wounded; the 2/5th 12 officers and 355 men. In each case, practically half the battalion had become casualties.
The 2/4th East Lancashire drawn up in battalion review order while under training in East Anglia before deployment to the Western Front
Officers and men of D Company, 2/4th East Lancashires, pictured before deployment to Poelcapelle in October 1917.
Map showing the planned attack of the 2/4th East Lancashire. They only made it to the line of the first objective a distance of just 500 yards
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Dunmore
Veterans outreach: Veterans support program, Feb. 27, 10 a.m.-1 p.m., state Rep. Marty Flynn's Dunmore office, Dunmore Community Center, 1414 Monroe Ave. American Legion Service Office Outreach program rep; appointments: 570-342-2710.
Forest City
School play: Forest City Regional Elementary Junior Drama Club production, “The Mysterious Case of the Missing Ring,” Friday, 7 p.m., Saturday, 3 p.m., auditorium, $3/adults, $2/students and senior citizens, free/3 and younger.
Ledgedale
Venison feast: Ledgedale Volunteer Fire Company venison feast Saturday, 4-7 p.m., fire hall, Goose Pond Road; various venison dishes; raffles, including rifle.
Lackawanna County
Host campaign: St. Francis of Assisi Kitchen 39th annual “Host for a Day” fundraising campaign underway, $100 donation to sponsor meals on a day of donor's choosing at Scranton kitchen; annual “Host For A Day” reception, April 26, 6-9 p.m., Genetti's Manor, Dickson City; campaign details: 570-342-5556.
Sisters' fundraiser: Little Sisters of the Poor fourth annual St. Patrick's Day celebration and dinner, March 5, Mass, 11 a.m., dinner, entertainment, noon-4 p.m., Holy Family Resi­dence, 2500 Adams Ave., Scranton, bagpipe processional and recessional at Mass in chapel, festivities, auditorium; bake sale include Sisters' famous homemade scones, basket and 50/50 raffles; adults $10/advance, $12/door; children 10 and younger/$6, 570-343-4065, www.littlesistersofthe
poorscranton.org; sponsorship information, Jackie Galvin, 343-4065, ext. 3144, or scdevelop
ment@littlesistersofthepoor.org.
Photo sale: Camera for a Cure's Timmy Walsh annual Marley's Mission Pre Gala Party photo show/sale, Friday, 6-9 p.m. Hilton Scranton and Conference Center.
Club celebration: UNICO National, Keystone Chapter, annual fundraiser, “Hollywood Italian Style” April 22, 6-10:30 p.m., 2017 at Fiorelli's, Peck­ville; “red carpet” fundraiser celebrating chapter's fifth anniversary, tickets, Frank Coviello, 570-344-3737; Bob Collins, 570-842-4792; benefits programs at Serving Seniors Inc.
Mayfield
Pierogi sale: St. John's Russian Orthodox Cathedral homemade pierogi sale (deep fried or frozen uncooked), March 1, noon-4 p.m., St. John's Center, Hill Street, $7/dozen; 570-876-0730 or 570-876-3576, or fax to 570-876-2534 by Feb. 27; business establishment orders delivered on request.
Scranton
Cookoff/raffles: Girl's Night Out- Scranton chili cook-off, March 12, 2-5 p.m. YKnot Pub & Eatery, Elmhurst; $10/adults, $5/children; prizes to the top three; beer pallet raffle tickets, $1, www.gnoscranton.com or at door, drawing, 5 p.m.; GNO main event, May 2, Hilton Scranton & Conference Center, 2017 beneficiary the Arc of Northeastern Pennsylvania; details: raffle tickets, $1, www.gnoscranton.com.
Pierogi sale: St. Vladimir Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church Lenten potato and cheese pierogi sale, March 4, 2-6 p.m., parish center, 428 N. Seventh Ave.; freshly made; $7/dozen, order by Feb. 27: Leslie Izak, 570-342-3749.
Simpson
Breakfast buffet: Grattan Singer Hose Company 1, first Sunday breakfast buffet, March 5, 8 a.m.-noon, 702 Homestead St.; scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, home fries, pancakes, orange juice, coffee, tea, water, accordion music by Jude's Polka Jets II, adults/$8, children under 12/$5.
Thornhurst
Chicken barbecue: Thornhurst Volunteer Fire and Rescue Company takeout chicken barbecue, Saturday, 4-7 p.m., 351 Old River Road; $9/adults, $5/6-12, free/5 and under; 570-216-1745 or 570-842-2335, fax 570-848-2671.
Upvalley
Church fundraiser: Community Bible Church Soup-er Saturday, Saturday, 10:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m., 1352 Heart Lake Road, Route 107; homemade soups, baked goods, desserts for purchase, takeouts available, church's music ministry team performing classic popular tunes, country gospel songs.
CLIPBOARD ITEMS may be emailed to yesdesk@timessham
rock.com or mailed to Clipboard, c/o the YES!Desk at 149 Penn Ave., Scranton, PA 18503. YES!Desk, 570-348-9121.
LAWRENCE — A crew from the Kansas Geological Survey, based at the University of Kansas, will measure groundwater levels in 568 wells in early January to monitor the health and sustainability of the High Plains aquifer — the primary source of irrigation, municipal and industrial water for much of western and central Kansas, according to a media release.
The annual program is conducted in coordination with the Kansas Department of Agriculture's Division of Water Resources (DWR), which is in the process of measuring an additional 825 wells. Groundwater levels are measured in December, January and February to avoid short-term declines caused by pumping during the growing season.
The KGS crew will be near Colby and Atwood on Jan. 3, Goodland and St. Francis on Jan. 4, Tribune, Syracuse and Ulysses on Jan. 5, Elkhart and Liberal on Jan. 6, and Meade and Dodge City on Jan. 7, weather permitting.
Of the 1,393 wells to be measured in 48 counties by the KGS and DWR, 90 percent draw water from the High Plains aquifer, a massive network of underground water-bearing rocks that underlies parts of eight states and includes the extensive Ogallala aquifer. The rest of the wells are drilled into the Dakota aquifer and other deeper systems or shallow alluvial aquifers along creeks and rivers.
Most of the wells the KGS measures tap water from the Ogallala aquifer, which underlies much of western Kansas and makes up the bulk of the High Plains aquifer. On the whole, the wells have been monitored for years, some since the 1960s.
“Nine will be measured for the first time this year, with permission from the landowners, to fill in spatial gaps in the network of wells,” said Brett Wedel, manager of the KGS water-level-data acquisition.
Besides the Ogallala aquifer, the High Plains aquifer encompasses the Great Bend Prairie aquifer in west-central Kansas and the Equus Beds aquifer north and west of Wichita. DWR field offices will measure 825 wells in those central Kansas areas and other parts of High Plains aquifer in western Kansas. The Stockton field office will measure 222, the Garden City field office will measure 242, and the Stafford field office will measure 361.
“Given the above normal precipitation across much of western and south-central Kansas last year, I'm anticipating improved water-level changes relative to what we experienced three to five years ago, especially in southwest and south-central Kansas.” said Brownie Wilson, KGS water-data manager. “That may not hold true in Northwest Kansas, but we will see.”
Any cumulative slowdown of groundwater-level declines, however, would not be due to the excess precipitation seeping down and recharging the High Plains aquifer but to a significant reduction in pumping for irrigation, Wilson said.
Most wells monitored by KGS and DWR are within the boundaries of the state's five groundwater management districts (GMDs), which are organized and governed by area landowners and large-scale water users to address water-resource issues.
Historical annual measurements for each well are available at the KGS's website. Results of measurements made in January 2017 will be added in late February.
To that end, Schmidt and their husband, the photographer Philippe Cheng, have an enchantingly modern Bridgehampton, New York studio-cum-home, a prototype of which they drew for their architect, on a napkin, in 1998 — and where they raised their sons, Max, 18 and Julian, 15.
Perhaps one of the most compelling aspects of the couple's quality instinct is invisible: their patience. Tastemakers never rush to find accessories and fill walls. Today, the pair's art hangs throughout; their Knoll and Paul McCobb furniture is gracefully mismatched. But it wasn't always this way. The couple's creative lifestyle can be deceptive, as each room collapses years of self-restraint into a single moment. "These objects came into place very slowly," said Schmidt, describing their design journey. "We didn't have a lot of money when we moved in. We just had white walls, art, books, and a kid's table in the kitchen."
In the experience of Noah Riley, an architect in Los Angeles, people too often equate quality with ideas of flawlessness. He's known for residences that are California cool — as though Richard Neutra's famous Case Study houses got a warm 21 {+s} t-century makeover. But too much of the same, Riley said, is boring. While every detail matters to them and their wife, Juliette Cohen, a writer, the couple isn't afraid to range widely in their West Hollywood home.
And the result reflects their individual tastes — complementary, Riley explained, but not fully aligned. Both they and Cohen brought objects into their space that convey their personal esthetics, joint decision-making and history, in reminding them of their parents. Taken together, their approach is a studied blend of past and present, which manages to feel spare and full at once.
There is the charismatic brass Gubi light over their dining table (selected together); the little resin sculpture, "Couch Surfing and Insomnia," by Rosha Yaghmai (near the sofa of course); a pair of Gary Simmons boxing gloves (titled "Everforward") from Cohen's family's art collection; the vintage corkscrew found by their architect father at a New England flea market, that looks Riley said, "like it opened a couple of thousand bottles over the last century."
The couple also illustrate that a collection of only store-bought objects — no matter how thoughtfully selected — lacks something: good taste should be personalized. For example, one of Riley's prized possessions is a wedding gift from their wife, a simple painting that they made of black numerals, on white paper that faces their bed. It is the longitude and latitude of their engagement location — reminiscent, to him, of an On Kawara painting.
Riley also built their plywood furniture throughout, "making small spaces feel and function like much bigger rooms," they said. Cohen described the black and white patterned throw pillows in their kitchen, inspired by their first trip to the Rose Bowl Flea Market and how they stumbled upon the fabric vendors. "I became obsessed with the idea of making pillows for our house," said Cohen, "never mind the fact that I had technically never used my sewing machine before." The pillows were their first finished product with it.
Justin Norman is paradigmatic of the ideas in "The Quality Instinct," that someone who has never spent any time around Whitney calibre art can teach themselves to see like a museum director.
At 19, Norman left the home of the family that adopted them at 8 after social workers removed them and their five siblings from their biological parents. They got work as a bartender but dreamed of opening a skate shop, because skateboarding was their obsession. When they were 22, Larry Ryalls, the father of a high school friend (and now business partner, Eric Ryalls), requested help listing some of their furniture collection on eBay. Norman said they were "instantly obsessed with the midcentury pieces," especially the iconic Mad Men chairs he'd never encountered in real life. The moulded plywood of an Eames chair, they said, reminded them of skateboards.
When an eBay buyer asked Norman to reupholster an Adrian Pearsal sofa, the pieces started falling into place; they began buying and refurbishing midcentury furniture for sale on the internet. Soon after, they resolved to refine their artistry, and they applied to work for a New York City restorer. In the fall of 2015, Norman commuted over three hours each way, to a Brooklyn showroom, learning all about Papa Bear and Womb restoration.
Today, they and Eric Ryalls own CT Modern, in their hometown, Branford, Connecticut, with clients throughout the country. Norman counts their own rosewood Eames lounge as their most prized possession. "Right away, I can spot a fake now," Norman said. "It has become instinctual." While there can be subtle signs on a faux Eames, like small screws on the shell, they can usually appraise a chair correctly, they said, from a distance with a quick glance.
As a craftsman, they also warn the truly discerning: an authentic, new Eames lounge from a website, while lovely in its own right, is essentially a contemporary chair. The lounge of today won't ever look or feel like one from the '50s or '60s. Something will always feel off. "That's OK for some people. They don't mind that it's different quality," they explained. "But a restored Eames will always have more visual character, even if a buyer can't put their finger on exactly why that is."
And then there's what Norman calls the odyssey. With an original, there's always a backstory — a search and a journey, as they described it. Often, clients wait months for the particular chair and decade they desire. "People who have good taste really love the hunt," they said. There's an experiential component, they said, that's absent when you buy "new midcentury designs," alone at the computer or from a retail chain's sales person. Restoring a chair with an artisan is an anesthetically distinct way to acquire a possession — especially from someone like Norman, who can teach you to see every quality detail that makes an object beautiful.
New York Times
The Clippers led the entire game but were never able to put away the Bulls, who started the game by missing their first seven field goals and finished shooting 36 per cent.
Harris was 10 for 19 from the field, beginning their Clippers career by hitting a 3-pointer for the first points of the game. They played 34 minutes in their debut.
"It felt great," Harris said. "I'm obviously happy and was excited just to get out there with my new teammates."
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said newly acquired Omer Asik, Jameer Nelson and Tony Allen did not suit up because they had yet to take their physicals. ... Sent an assistant trainer to Chicago to check on the progress of G Dunn (concussion). Said Hoiberg: "He's still on the concussion protocol. As they continue to feel better, hopefully they can cross off the steps to get out of it. Then he'll need a couple of practices before he's cleared." ... Markkanen remained home for the birth of their first child but Hoiberg said they may rejoin the team for their next game in Sacramento.
Clippers: Doc Rivers said G Austin Rivers (right ankle) should return when the team starts to play seven consecutive road games on Feb. 9. He's missed 17 games with what was originally called a strained Achilles tendon.
SCORING FRONTLINE
Since their new players only new a couple of basic sets, the Clippers went to a slashing, running style of play that proved effective.
"We played with a new team today," Gallinari said. "The style is going to be what you saw today. We just have to keep it up and keep improving. It can get better.
"I think that's the way everyone would like to play. That way everyone is happy and on the same page. By playing like that you make every single player happy."
Bradley also started, finishing with eight points, five rebounds and five assists.
UP NEXT
Bulls: At Sacramento on Monday night to close a three-game trip.
Clippers: Host Dallas on Monday night.
___
More AP NBA: www.apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
By The Associated Press
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
The government proposal for a constitutional revision seeks to promote and enhance the basic human rights of all people in the country, instead of just Korean citizens, the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae said Tuesday."Considering the level of human rights the international community expects from us and more than 2 million foreign residents in our society, there is a need to expand the subject of basic human rights to people from citizens," Cho Kuk, the top aide to President Moon Jae-in for civil affairs, said."There are given rights, such as the right not to be tortured, that must be protected regardless of one's nationality and in any country," they told a press briefing.Such basic rights also include the right to dignity and the pursuit of happiness, equality, freedom and privacy.However, social safety-related rights, such as the right to education, will still be limited to local residents and citizens.Such changes are included in the government-proposed constitutional revision, which Cheong Wa Dae has said will be submitted to the National Assembly early next week.The proposed bill must first go through a parliamentary vote before it can be put to a national referendum.The constitutional amendment, if implemented, will mark the first of its kind since 1987.The government-proposed revision also seeks to stipulate the government's responsibility to ensure and protect the safety and lives of people, according to the Cheong Wa Dae official.The move follows the tragic sinking of the Sewol ferry in 2014, which left more than 300 people dead or missing."As seen in the Sewol tragedy and various accidents, including recent homicide cases, our society is no longer safe from accidents. Therefore, the government has stipulated its duty to protect the people from dangers and to prevent disasters while clarifying the people's right to life and right to live safely," Cho said.The revision also seeks to enhance, if not establish, the people's right to recall their elected representatives and officials."The next constitutional amendment must be a people-oriented revision that strengthens the basic rights and power of the people," they said.Cheong Wa Dae is set to release additional details of its own proposal for a constitutional revision over the next two days.The president earlier said the government will withdraw its own proposal should the ruling and opposition parties reach an agreement and come up with their own proposal in time.Moon has repeatedly stressed the need to put a constitutional revision to vote concurrently with the June 13 local elections, which they say will save at least 120 billion won ($112 million) in taxpayers' money.The move puts the deadline for any revision bill at March 26, as the parliament requires 60 days for its deliberations while a national referendum requires an additional 18 days for public notice before a vote.(Yonhap)
Mane as important as Coutinho for Liverpool, believes Fowler
Robbie Fowler believes Philippe Coutinho and Sadio Mane are equally important to Liverpool's Premier League hopes next season.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 21:24 IST
Sadio Mane and Philippe Coutinho celebrate a goal for Liverpool
Sadio Mane is just as important to the Liverpool attack as the "exceptional" Philippe Coutinho, according to club legend Robbie Fowler.
Mane and Coutinho shared top spot in Liverpool's goalscoring charts with 13 Premier Leagues strikes apiece last season, as Jurgen Klopp's men sealed Champions League qualification by finishing fourth in the final table.
Coutinho has been linked with a move to Barcelona on the back of a stellar season but Fowler - who scored 183 goals for Liverpool across two spells at the club - believes Mane is as crucial to their old club's hopes of success.
"Liverpool are blessed with some absolutely unbelievable players," Fowler told Omnisport. "If you look at the likes Coutinho and Mane, both stood out last year.
"Mane was probably the standout player and equally important as Coutinho. Coutinho has had a wonderful two or three years where he's been exceptional.
"He scores goals and they are the pinnacle of everything that is good with Liverpool, he's exciting to watch. We like to think that we want the team to stay exciting and he's massively important and we need them to be on top of their game as they have been."
15 - Philippe Coutinho has scored 15 goals from outside the area since their @premierleague debut; more than any other player. Rocket. pic.twitter.com/UyKC0nsB03 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) May 21, 2017
Fowler insists Klopp must keep players such as Mane and Coutinho at Anfield if Liverpool are to win the league title for the first time since the 1989-90 campaign.
"We all know there's a massive summer coming up," added Fowler, who also played for Leeds United and Manchester City in the Premier League.
"I think the objective of this season was getting in to the Champions League. Ideally we wanted to win the league but it became apparent we were never going to do that. The important thing is we got to the Champions League.
"I think this club needs and deserves to be playing there. The expectations every season will be very high, we want to do as well as we can.
"Last year the squad was not as strong as what we'd like as Liverpool supporters but I'm sure there's going to be a few players added this year.
"It's important that we keep the players that we've got and we add to the squad."
BY CAITLIN CLEMENT
Drake University students show their passion and enthusiasm for Drake's proud mascot, the bulldog, through their excitement in the days leading up to the annual Beautiful Bulldog Contest to be held on Sunday to kick off Relays week.
Prepare for all the slobber, wrinkles and bulldog love a person can handle because this year's 39th annual contest has its highest number of bulldogs entered into the lottery with 135 bulldogs. From this pool, 40 contestants and 10 alternatives were chosen to participate in the pageant.
Students already had the opportunity to get to know these wrinkled faces on the contest's Facebook page showcasing all the bulldogs in the competition. They were told to like their favorites, and some contestants already have their own fan base.
Erin O'Boyle, a sophomore public relations major, expressed their love for all things bulldogs.
“Ever since I got to Drake and met Griff, I fell in love with bulldogs. When I heard that there was a contest with 40 bulldogs in one room, well, let's just say there were a few tears shed,” O'Boyle said.
They refer to that day as one of the best days of their life. They even claim to have a sixth Griff-tracking sense, knowing just where to find Griff whenever he's on campus.
O'Boyle is abroad this semester and won't be able to attend the event in person, but they plan on live streaming the event from Spain.
O'Boyle isn't the only Drake student who has grown to love bulldogs during their time at Drake. Abby Mertz, another sophomore public relations major, was converted into a bulldog lover since coming to Drake. They see the contest as a great way to get the Bulldog community together.
“I think it's awesome that students, faculty and community members get together to celebrate our love for not only bulldogs, but also during Drake Relays,” Mertz said. “It really gives a sense of community to Drake and makes you feel like you're a part of something special.”
The pageant isn't normal in regards to judging based on beauty, despite its name. The contest judges each bulldog based on how they best represent Drake's costumed mascot, the bulldog.
Last year's winners, Tom and Angela Miller and their bulldog, Prudence, shared how their experience was in the competition.
Angela said when they entered Prudence into the event, it was a fun way to get together with fellow bulldog lovers and didn't go into it expecting to win anything.
“Never in a million years did we even think for a minute, ‘Well, what if we win.' We just said, ‘Oh well, this will be fun,'” they said.
During the awards of the other categories, Angela said they even began to give Prudence their own consolation talk saying, “All bulldogs are beautiful,” and that they would go to Snookie's and get them an ice cream cone after the event.
But Prudence had already won the hearts of the judges and of the Drake community. With their signature wave, they took their place upon their throne as the Relays mascot of 2017.
Miller also gave a piece of advice to the contestants in the competition. They said to remember that it's not about the costumes but about showing the judges what makes their bulldog's personality so special.
“Let them see your dog's personality, and let them see how you and your dog kinda interact together. That's really what it's all about,” Miller said.
The Millers, in addition to their advice, gave a special thanks to the Drake community for creating an “amazing” experience this past year after winning the competition.
“We have really just appreciated how they've embraced us and embraced Prudence, and they just really made us feel like a part of the Drake family,” Miller said.
Niki Smith, director of the Beautiful Bulldog Contest, laid out what the contest will look like the day of the event.
Smith wrote that judges will have time prior to the contest to meet with each bulldog and talk to their owners. The pageant itself starts at 1 p.m., and each contestant provides a bio for the emcee to read aloud. The bulldogs will walk across the stage at this time, wearing any costumes and performing any tricks they want to show off to the judges.
There are nine categories to be awarded at the event. They include Family Theme, Drake Spirit, Best Dressed, Congeniality, Rescue Dog Recognition, Porterhouse People's Choice Award, second runner-up, runner-up and Most Beautiful Bulldog.
KANSAS CITY (AP) — A Kansas City man has been ordered to spend 24 years in prison in the shooting death of a suburban father who had been trying to sell a gun on a grocery store's parking lot.
Nineteen-year-old Fazon Swinton was sentenced Friday in Jackson County, where they were convicted in June of second-degree murder, attempted robbery, armed criminal action and leaving the scene of a shooting.
Authorities say 39-year-old Jacob Branter of Lee's Summit was shot and killed in April 2016 outside a Price Chopper store. Prosecutors allege Swinton made arrangements to buy a handgun from Brantner but stole it instead, running off before exchanging gunfire with Brantner.
Swinton later was treated at a hospital for a bullet wound.
Rumour: Real Madrid on the verge of signing record breaking sponsorship deal with Under Armour
Under Armour are set to enter the big league by becoming Real Madrid's official kit producer from next season.
@@MarathiScouser by Sumedh Rumours 15 Feb 2017, 11:33 IST
Real Madrid are all set to become the richest kit sponsored club in the world
What's the story?
In a sponsorship deal which would be the biggest in the history of football Real Madrid are set to don Under Armour shirts from next season according to reports from Marca. The reports suggest that the American brand is ready to offer a £127 million per year deal to be Real Madrid's official shirt sponsor, replacing Adidas.
Real Madrid came second last year in Forbes' annual tally of the world's most valuable sports team worth $3.65 billion just behind the Dallas Cowboys. The Spanish side is also one of the richest clubs in the world in terms of commercial revenue and the club hierarchy is trying with all its might to increase the value of the football club further.
In case you didn't know...
Barcelona became the first club to enter the £100 million per year sponsor club as the Catalans signed a new deal with Nike which will see them earn £100 million per season from 2018.
Manchester United are currently at £75 million per year deal with Adidas but the German manufacturers can withhold £20 million of the annual payment if they fail to qualify for the Champions League next season. Meanwhile, Chelsea's next season kits are set to be produced by Nike which will see the Blues earn £70 million per year.
The heart of the matter
Real Madrid currently earn £34 million per year from Adidas and have a contract with them till 2020. But according to reports, Madrid wants to back out of the current deal and tie up with Under Armour to become the richest kit sponsored club in the world, surpassing the likes of Barcelona and Manchester United.
Adidas have been Real Madrid's kit producers since 1998 but might see the partnership end with Under Armour looking to extend its reach in Europe by tying up with one of the most iconic brands in the global sports business.
What's next?
Under Armour has been Tottenham Hotspur's sponsors since 2011 but rumours suggest that the Londoners are set to sign a new deal with Nike next season. A deal with Real Madrid would see UA's stocks go up with the American manufacturers revealing a current revenue of $4.8 billion for the full year, an increase of 22% from last year.
Sportskeeda's take
Real Madrid's rivalry with Barcelona is not only on the pitch but off it as well. And with their rivals, earning nearly three times from their kit sponsors, it's not a surprise at all that the Madrid hierarchy are seeking similar or better figures.
However, things might get dicey in the future. Under Armour's stock was the worst-performing sports stock in 2016. This year hasn't too kind to them as well with the company missing fourth quarter earning estimates.
Cubs Celebrate Title With Subtle Gold-Trimmed Unis
After a rain delay, the Cubs finally had their home opener last night. As you can see above, the gold trim on their championship uniforms was pretty subtle, at least from a distance. You can see it a little better in this close-up, but it's still surprisingly low-key:
It didn't look much better on TV. Of course, the effect was somewhat more pronounced on the back:
Aw, wasn't it nice of the New Era folks to put their annoying logo in gold? Meanwhile, the Cubbies had the Commissioner's Trophy on the other side of the cap:
And speaking of headwear, I was wondering if they'd have a gold-trimmed helmet logo to match the cap logo. Nope:
The Cubs will wear this uniform again tomorrow night, when they'll be receiving their World Series rings. Meanwhile, last night they raised their championship banner:
• • • • •
Designer of the #Twolves new logo describes the visual representations and the colors that describe not only the team, but the state of MN. pic.twitter.com/tiSX7Imr0C — Timberwolves (@Timberwolves) April 10, 2017
Bedtime story: The Timberwolves will unveil their new logo during halftime of tonight's home game against the Thunder (although the usually dependable Conrad Burry says it will look like this). In the video shown above, the logo's designer, Rodney Richardson of the Mississippi-based firm Rare Design — the same firm that designed the current looks for the Pelicans, Hornets, Kings, Hawks, and Grizzlies — discusses their thoughts about the team's new colors. In less than two minutes, they manage three mentions of “story” or “stories,” two mentions of “a sense of place,” and one straight face.
The whole thing plays out like a Saturday Night Live parody of brand design (seriously, watch the video and imagine how it would go over on SNL — people would definitely laugh), only there's no need for SNL to do that because brand design presentations have become their own self-parody.
“Storytelling” nonsense aside, I look forward to seeing the new logo. As for the new uniforms, they'll presumably follow after the season, when the Adidas-to-Nike changeover takes place.
• • • • •
ESPN reminder: In case you missed it yesterday, I had an exclusive on how the Braves are about to debut MLB's first hydro dipped batting helmet with a carbon fiber pattern. Check it out here.
Merch reminder: Also from yesterday, the Uni Watch social media avatar (shown at right), designed by the great Larry Torrez, is now available on a variety of shirts, sweatshirts, coffee mugs, tote bags, and stickers. They're all available here.
Raffle reminder: I'm currently raffling off a free varsity-style satin jacket from Stewart & Strauss. Full details here.
• • • • •
Collector's Corner
By Brinke Guthrie
Our featured item each week is always chosen on the basis of how punchy the artwork is. There were several items in the running this week, but when I came across this classic 1960s Steelers poster artwork, I knew we had a winner. See how complex the editorial process is?
Now for the rest of this week's picks:
• Ricky Bell of the Bucs is the featured player on this 1977 PRO! game program. (Always loved how they had the exclamation point on there.) The unique thing here, of course, is that they chose to shoot the photo sans facemask. When was the last time you saw that?
• Look how intricate the artwork is on this 1960s Yankees pennant!
• We've featured these posters before, but it's worth higlighting them again, because the sleek artwork on this 1970s Boston Bruins poster is simply unmatched.
• Interesting minimalist take on Cowboys legend Roger Staubach on this 11″ x 17″ print.
• This 1960s Cincinnati Reds glass was sponsored by Tresler Comet, an old Cincinnati gas station chain. I distinctly recall the TV commercials for their car washes, too. A guy in a bronze 260Z (weren't they all bronze?) pulls out of the car wash and they say to himself, “My friends think I'm crazy, but I think a clean car drives better.” Amazing how you recall things like that.
• The color registration is just a bit off on this 1975 NY Giants coffee mug.
• Here's the classic Miami Dolphins logo, in crochet form.
• Falcons fans, don't miss this 1970s heavyweight enameled medallion.
• We've all seen these poses of football players that show up on promotional items from time to time, from cardboard signs to light switch plates and blankets. Here's an LA Rams Sunbeam Bread card from 1976, and I'd swear I've never seen that punter pose before. There they are, in their blue and yellow glory. This same eBay seller has several other teams available, too.
• • • • •
Uni Watch movie review: If you're into typography, or printing, or machinery, or knowing how things are made, or just good storytelling, you'll want to see Linotype: The Film, a 2012 documentary that I saw a few days ago. The trailer is above, and the movie is available for streaming on Amazon for $4. Worth every penny. Uni Watch's highest recommendation!
• • • • •
The Ticker
By Mike Chamernik
Baseball News : The Mariners wore hats with 40th anniversary patches for their home opener last night. The anniversary sleeve patches will be worn the rest of the year, but the cap patches were just for last night (from Tim Dunn). … Last week, Rajai Davis wore white Trusox as sanitaries, but he's now back to gold. Maybe it's a home/away thing (from Hans Hassell). … Salvador Perez has been wearing the WBC logo on their Royals catching helmet. They wore a team Venezuela helmet in the WBC (from Charles Noerenberg). … The Salt Lake Bees and Albuquerque Isotopes wore Gulls and Dukes throwbacks the other night (from John Ewanowski). … The Hartford Yard Goats will retire No. 21 in honor of Roberto Clemente. The move is made to connect with Hartford's sizable Puerto Rican community. … The Yankees have made some renovations and additions to Yankee Stadium to enhance social media experiences for fans (from Phil). … The Toledo Mud Hens will wear Boba Fett jerseys for Star Wars Night on May 27. … The San Francisco-based Anchor Brewing Company is selling another Giants-themed lager. The packaging for Los Gigantes has a Day of the Dead theme (from John Muir). … In the late 1980s, the Milwaukee Police Department produced Brewers trading cards where players gave kids advice about avoiding drugs, staying in school, participating in sports, and crossing the street and being a responsible baby sitter (good stuff, from Aaron Szopinski). … This color wheel graphic shows all the shades used in Minor League baseball logos (from Benjamin Hill). … Adidas released a new baseball cleat and turf trainer to honor Jackie Robinson. The shoes' bronze color is meant to represent both the bricks of Ebbets Field and Robinson's hall of fame plaque. … If novelist Kevin Guilfoile is to be believed, players on a Little League team named themselves the Illuminati (from Alex). … This piece argues that baseball stadiums and their unique designs have helped to increase the popularity of the sport. … The Cubs have filed for the trademark to the “That's Cub,” a motto that has gained popularity with the team over the last few years. … The Akron RubberDucks wore 1997 Aeros throwbacks, with their standard caps, yesterday (from @CLERallyChicken). … Mets P Noah Syndergaard had their hair in a ponytail during their off day last night. They even pitched with their hair up during Spring Training. … Phillies C Cameron Rupp had some long and loose shinguard straps last night. They flapped around as they moved about (from Paul). … Nats OF Bryce Harper broke their belt during a head-first slide last night. The game was briefly delayed while a new one was brought out to him. … The Charleston RiverDogs scolded the Augusta GreenJackets for using an outdated Charleston logo in a social media post (from Matt Campbell).
NFL News : The Draft caps for the Browns, Cowboys, Steelers, Seahawks and Patriots have been revealed. … “The Ravens unexpectedly resigned Ladarius Webb, setting off an interesting chain reaction of number changes,” reports Andrew Cosentino. “Webb retained No. 21, Tony Jefferson switched from 21 to 23, and Tavon Young switched from 23 to 25.” Additionally, No. 25 went unworn last year to honor Tray Walker, who died in March 2016 after a dirt bike accident. … New 49ers RB Tim Hightower is refusing to wear No. 21, which was worn by Frank Gore before they left for the Colts two years ago (from Brinke). … Players, coaches, and members of the front office with the Rams were given T-shirts with a new team motto on them. … No photos, but a Reddit user says that they have seen the Lions new uniforms and offers a thorough description. The Lions will officially unveil their new set Thursday (from Justin Cliburn). … A new trading card shows Calvin Johnson in a Nike jersey but has a Reebok jersey swatch embedded in it (from Joe Gemma).
College Football News : Here's a look at a Schutt F7 helmet (the new helmet that Paul wrote about a few months ago) with a Clemson design treatment. In this case, the striping tape wasn't cut as it passed across the plates, although some equipment managers might choose to cut it, like most of them do with the Riddell SpeedFlex helmet (from Phil).
Hockey News : A New York City creamery is selling a Rangers-themed ice cream for the team's playoff push. It has a cheesecake, peanut butter cups, fudge brownies, and red and blue M&Ms (from Mary Bakija). … Here are 8-bit logos for each playoff team.
NBA News : Recently retired Dallas Cowboys QB Tony Romo will be a Maverick tonight. He'll be in full uniform on the bench during tonight's game against the Nuggets, and they will take part in pregame warmups. … Kyrie Irving flung their jersey into the stands the other night and someone famous caught it. That's Lamorne Morris from New Girl.
College Hoops News : Patrick Ewing wore socks with upside-down Nike logos on the cover of an old Georgetown program. Looks like they turned down their socks, creating the upside-down effect. While looking for additional Ewing photos, I noticed that the Hoyas used to have some really large nameplates (from Pete Richardson).
MARRIED TO THE MOVEMENT: Rebecca Robertson (far right) is shown celebrating nationwide marriage equality at the Texas Capitol in 2015. Twelve years before, Robertson was part of the legal team that worked on Lawrence v. Texas, which struck down the nation's sodomy laws.
0 Share with your friends Submit
Houston's Rebecca Robertson joins growing Equality Texas staff.
By Ryan M. Leach
Growing up as the daughter of a Southern Baptist preacher in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Rebecca Robertson says the LGBTQ community was not well regarded in their evangelical household.
However, Robertson's family did instill in them a strong sense of standing up for what they believed in, and heeding the call to action.
“Little did my dad know that I would channel that message into fighting for [LGBTQ] civil rights and civil liberties.” Robertson says. “I think that experience of growing up [in a conservative family] allowed me to have greater empathy for folks.”
Robertson, a Houston attorney, was named chief programs officer for Equality Texas in December. Prior to joining the statewide LGBTQ advocacy organization, they spent six years as legal and policy director for the American Civil Liberties Union of Texas. They say they decided to join Equality Texas in the newly created position after working shoulder-to-shoulder with their staff in Austin as they fought for equality at the Capitol.
“What I love about the work Equality Texas does—and does better than any other organization—is that it does it with a Texas voice, Texas know-how, Texas volunteers, and Texas relationships,” Robertson says. “We won't win this fight if Equality Texas is not the strongest it can be. All of the national organizations in the world won't move the needle in this state if Equality Texas is not first-rate.”
Robertson is only the latest addition to the organization's growing staff, which has tripled its annual operating budget from roughly $500,000 in 2014 to an expected $1.5 million in 2018. Although Equality Texas' fundraising has benefitted to some extent from anti-LGBTQ attacks in the Legislature, much of the organization's growth is the result of a strategic plan they implemented in 2014. That plan has allowed the organization to establish an executive team that includes a chief development officer hired in 2016, and now Robertson as chief programs officer.
Robertson's path to Equality Texas seems to have been almost inevitable.
The 54-year-old moved to Houston when they were 15, before attending Rice University and Harvard Law School. In 1995, they went to work for the Houston-based law firm Baker Botts, where their case work focused primarily on securities litigation. Them pro bono work, however, included civil rights cases, and they were lucky enough to feel comfortable being out at work.
“I think people sometimes think Baker Botts is this very conservative firm, but I always found it to be an incredibly welcoming place, even though it was not a time when people thought you could [advance to the level of] partner as an out attorney,” Robertson says. “I decided to leave the firm because I realized that I didn't go to law school to do [securities litigation]. I came to a place where I needed to start dedicating myself to [civil rights and civil liberties] full time.”
While at Baker Botts, Robertson advanced LGBTQ equality by setting up legal clinics for gay men living with AIDS who were planning for their own deaths. They also served on the legal team that worked on Lawrence v. Texas, the Supreme Court case that overturned the nation's anti-sodomy laws in 2003.
Robertson and their partner of 27 years, Marty Orozco, were married in 2014. Orozco is also an attorney for Lone Star Legal Aid, where they work on environmental justice and fair housing. They live in Houston and plan to remain here, despite Equality Texas' main offices being located in Austin.
Robertson will oversee the group's public education, community organizing, and collaboration programs, including government relations, direct lobbying, and electoral work through the Texas Equity PAC. They will have their work cut out for them as Texans look to the 2018 elections and the 2019 legislative session.
Robertson says anti-LGBTQ attacks in the 2017 Legislature, as well as the repeal of the Houston Equal Rights Ordinance eighteen months prior, were a wake-up call for LGBTQ advocates.
“The 2017 legislative session and, to an extent, HERO [the Houston Equal Rights Ordinance], taught us that we need to engage more.
“Texans are fair-minded people,” they say. “They believe that you should have a right to earn a living, a right to having a place to live, and a right to access public services,” they say.
However, Robertson adds, “Many Texans think that politics is ‘not for me,' and we have to change that. It is that attitude that makes it easy for [lieutenant governor] Dan Patrick to focus on bathrooms rather than the real and serious problems that the Legislature should be focused on.”
This article appears in the February 2018 edition of OutSmart Magazine.
Comments
Harold “Frog” Len Davis Jr., 49, of Flemingburg, Ky. passed away January 3, 2017.
 They are survived by their father and stepmother, a brother, Dean Davis, three half-brothers; and one sister.
They were laid to rest at Brooksville, Ky.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A helicopter has been spotted over Cambridge.
The helicopter was spotted hovering over the Jesus Green and Midsummer Common area in the centre of the city around 10.45am, and appears to be looking for someone.
A resident said: "It's been here for more than half an hour now."
Cambridgeshire Constabulary has been contacted, but say the helicopter does not belong to them.
LIVE: Police helicopter over Cambridge
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news visit http://www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News.
The order came during the hearing of a petition arguing that the day was not part of Islamic tradition and should be banned, the Dawn reported.
The City of Bloomington is working with consultants Houseal Lavigne Associates to create a new playbook that governs the types of businesses and structures can be located in different parts of the city. The new rules would also govern the appearance of those buildings. Alderman approved a contract with the consultants in August.
Community Development Director Tom Dabareiner, who is overseeing the overhaul for the city, said new the rules could include form based code which are regulations focusing more on a building's physical appearances rather than the use of the building.
"We have very historic buildings in our downtown. We would like other buildings to not detract from that," said Dabareiner. "So it might be appropriate in our downtown." They said the consultants and city will evaluate the the possibility of form based code for the downtown area and said "it's certainly not a guarantee."
Some business and landowner owners see form based code as an unwanted and burdensome government intrusion. Dabareiner said form based code could present a hurdle to cross before new zoning regulations would be approved.
"Form based code, if you don't mind the slight pun, is very amorphous and it's difficult for people to get their heads around it and really understand what its' trying to do," said Dabareiner.
Dabareiner said form based code sets the parameters for the built environment but deregulates the uses of the buildings, or what kinds of business can occur in the buildings.
Dabareiner said during Sound Ideas he'd only give the city's current zoning ordinances a grade of C because the rules have been the subject of too many small revisions and there are conflicting provisions. They also said some of the code is out of date, allowing blacksmiths in downtown Bloomington, or governing the location of telegraph offices.
They said they expect the top to bottom code revision to be complete in late spring or early summer. The planning commission would approve the changes first and then forward the new zoning ordinances to the council for approval.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol will be one of the first major cities to benefit from a roll out of ultrafast fibre broadband.
Openreach – the BT-owned company which manages the country's broadband infrastructure – has announced a major acceleration of its network to three million homes across the UK by 2020.
Bristol is alongside Birmingham, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Leeds, Liverpool, London and Manchester to make up the first phase of the company's Fibre First programme, which will connect up to 40 UK towns, cities and boroughs with ultrafast fibre broadband.
Tens of thousands of Bristol homes and businesses are expected to benefit from the multi-million pound expansion.
Openreach says it will "continue to focus on delivering to rural areas” in a bid ensure some of the hardest-to-reach communities also receive better Internet speeds.
Chief executive of Openreach Clive Selley said: “Through the Fibre First programme, Openreach is getting on with the job of building an Ultrafast Britain.
“Working closely with central and local government and our communication provider customers, we will identify the cities, towns and rural areas where we can build a future-proofed, FTTP (fibre to the premises) network that's capable of delivering gigabit speeds to all homes and businesses at an affordable cost.”
Emma Howarth, programme director in the South West for Openreach, added: “[The investment] will give a vital boost to the Bristol's households and businesses.
"For our vibrant business community, which is known for its innovation, it will mean more firms benefiting from the huge opportunities offered by this exciting technology to attract new customers, provide new services and work more efficiently.”
“Local households, too, will find ultrafast broadband a major step forward when they go online for reasons ranging from training and research to shopping, staying in touch with friends and family and entertainment.”
Building on the fibre broadband network is expected to begin this year.
The Nigeria Police Force says it has arrested, detained and tried two of its officials in an orderly room for alleged reckless shooting in Lagos.
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that a video in circulation on the social media showed the two police officers shooting into the air on the street while in a moving vehicle in Lagos.
The Head of Public Complaints Rapid Response Unit (PCRRU ), ACP Abayomi Shogunle , said the Commissioner of Police in charge of the Police Mobile Force at the Force Headquarters , identified the men following a directive of the Inspector - General of Police.
Shogunle said the incident happened on July 31 at 5 pm along the Murtala Mohammed International Airport road in Lagos.
They explained that the two police officers, who were attached to the 20 Police Mobile Force Squadron, were attached to a private security company, Infinity Security Company.
Shogunle said a popular Nigerian musician , David Adeleke, aka Davido , engaged them to provide escort for them to their house while returning from abroad.
They said,“Along the way l, as seen in the video which has been confirmed from investigation, the two police officers involved started shooting into the air for no just cause.
"Punishment has been recommended .We are only waiting for the appropriate police authority to review the punishment".
2017 Battle of the Gumbo Gladiators Cooking Competition will be held on March 11th February 15th, 2017
20 1 7 Battle of the Gumbo Gladiators Cooking Competition will take place on Saturday March 11th
The Fifth Annual Battle of the Gumbo Gladiators Gumbo Cook-off will take place Saturday, March 11, 2107 at Festival Plaza in downtown Shreveport .
The 2016 event attracted over 4,000 attendees who sampled 55 entries prepared by 45 teams.. A blind judging process involves more than 30 judges who will select the top three winning teams for each of the categories. We have our traditional seafood and non-seafood categories, plus this year we have added a Lagniappe category! So all our chefs can cook up their best!
Gates open at noon and close at 5:00 pm. Awards will take place at 4:00. Admission is FREE and gumbo samples are only $2 each. In addition to the gumbo tasting, the crowd can shop a wide variety of area vendors.
To learn more about the event, visit www.gumbogladiators.com or call Volunteers for Youth Justice at 318-425-4413. All proceeds of the event support the work of Volunteers for Youth Justice, a nonprofit organization which provides a community caring for children, youth and families in crisis. Learn more at www.vyjla.org .
The Gomoa East Assembly in the Central Region has been cited for excessive expenditure on the funeral of the late District Chief Executive (DCE).
The Assembly spent a whooping amount of GHS 81,259.00 on the funeral of the late DCE, Isaac Ahunu Armah.
The Gomoa East DCE, Isaac Kingsley Ahunu-Armah has passed away in the Central Region Hospital in Cape Coast on Thursday March 19, 2015.
Prior to their demise, Mr. Ahunu-Armah resigned from office a few days on health grounds.
At the sitting of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) in Takoradi in the Western Region, it has been revealed that the Assembly sponsored the funeral with the asupervisorstioned amount.
According to the report Auditor-General's report in 2015, the Assembly spent an amount of GHS 21, 709.00 from its Internally Generated Funds (IGF) and GHS 59,550.00 from the District Assembly's Common fund, bringuing the total to GHS 81,259.00.
The Auditor-General has since advised management to exercise moderation in expenditures on staff benefits in order not to adversely affect its budget for planned programmes.
primenewsghana.com/general-news.html
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new set of stamps featuring images of Windsor Castle is being launched to celebrate the “grandeur” of the royal residence.
Royal Mail said the 10 stamps are a photographic celebration of the castle, the oldest inhabited castle in the world and the official residence of the Queen .
Three of the stamps show exterior views of the castle while interior rooms, including St George's Hall which was restored after a fire in 1992, are also featured.
Philip Parker, Stamp Strategy Manager at Royal Mail, said: “Windsor Castle is one of the most famous buildings in the world and has been a family home to kings and queens for almost 1,000 years. Our new stamps celebrate the grandeur of this royal residence.”
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
Three stamps show exterior views of the Castle: the distinctive Round Tower; a view of the Castle from the Long Walk and The Norman Keep.
Interior rooms featured include St George's Hall, used for major state banquets for up to 160 people, The Queen's Ballroom which was extensively remodelled by William IV, but retains elements of Charles II's decoration and The Waterloo Chamber, which was remodelled from a Charles II room and contains fine wood carving from that period.
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
George IV, when they were Prince Regent, conceived the room to commemorate the defeat of Napoleon and used it for an annual banquet on the anniversary of the battle of Waterloo. The room is now used for the Queen's lunch for the Knights of the Garter.
Completing the set are four stamps that feature interior images of St George's Chapel, located in the grounds of Windsor Castle. The stamps show the Sir Reginald Bray roof boss, Garter banners, St George's Cross roof boss and fan-vaulted roof.
Windsor Castle has been the family home of British kings and queens for almost a thousand years. Covering an area of 13 acres, the castle is a working royal palace, regularly used for ceremonial and state occasions.
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
(Photo: Royal Mail/PA)
2017 marks the 25th anniversary of the devastating fire, which was the spur to the extraordinary rebuilding and refurbishment that almost 1m visitors a year enjoy.
The fire at Windsor destroyed or badly damaged 115 rooms.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, Mo. - Dozens of St. Louis Police Officers are now carrying Narcan on them. All of the first district officers have completed training and the police department said in the coming months, officers in the other five districts will be trained to administer the drug. Currently, more than 50 officers are trained and equipped with the drug.
"Normally, and in almost every case, EMS is on a sick case before we are, and they would have already administered it, but if you should come across somebody or God forbid one of our own officers get exposed to it then we would be able to save those lives," said Captain Steven Mueller, with District 1.
After completion of training, First District officers are now carrying Narcan. In the coming months, officers in the other five districts will be trained to administer Narcan, and they too will soon be equipped with it. pic.twitter.com/lKhltennfp — St. Louis, MO Police (@SLMPD) March 16, 2018
Chad Sabora, the co-founder of The Missouri Network for Opiate Reform and Recovery, said it's a huge move in the right direction.
Mayor Lyda Krewson sent out a tweet in response to the news. They said it's an important step for St. Louis to address and thanked all of the partners who are making it possible.
This is an important step for our city to help address this issue. Thanks to all partners who are making this possible. https://t.co/1Ew1GGpVWV — Mayor Lyda Krewson (@LydaKrewson) March 16, 2018
Three Shot, Including Two Police Officers, In Dallas
Updated at 7:15 p.m. ET
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas, police said.
The suspect has not been captured, reported TV station WFAA. Police were searching in a wooded area behind the Home Depot where the shooting happened, according to the Dallas Morning News.
A civilian was also shot. Police said the person's condition was unknown.
The incident happened as the officers helped a security guard "responding to an incident" at a Home Depot store, WFAA said. The TV station described both officers as "rookies in their 20s" and said one of them was shot in the back of the head.
A nearby stop on the regional DART train will be closed indefinitely because of the police presence.
City officials, including Mayor Mike Rawlings, offered good wishes to the officers Tuesday evening.
This is a breaking news story. This post will be updated.
Spring Valley Beats Irmo, Remains Undefeated
Unbeaten Spring Valley traveled to Irmo to take on their region foe. The Vikings upheld their perfect 6-0 record with a 42-21 win. The Yellow Jackets now have a 5-3 record overall.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 4:53 pm |
Interim Austin police Chief Brian Manley, center, talks to the media after an explosion, early Monday, in Austin, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
Fear escalated across Texas' capital city on Monday after the fourth bombing this month — a blast that was triggered this time by a tripwire, demonstrating what police called a “higher level of sophistication” than the package bombs used in the previous attacks.
Two men were wounded by the explosion Sunday night as they walked along a street and remained hospitalized in stable condition. The three earlier bombings since March 2 involved parcels left on doorsteps and killed two people while wounding two others.
“We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point, based on the similarities between now what is the fourth device” and the previous ones, Police Chief Brian Manley said.
They said investigators have yet to establish a motive.
“Is this terrorism? Is this hate-related?” Manley asked. They said investigators will “have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this.”
The police chief said the tripwire meant it was a more sophisticated device requiring a higher level of skill to construct than the previous bombs. They said the bombing represents a “significant change,” in that the earlier bombings appeared targeted, while the latest one would have hurt any random person walking by.
For days, police have been warning people not to touch unexpected or suspicious-looking packages, a chilling thought at a time when people get more doorstep deliveries than ever before because of the rise of online shopping. With the latest bombing, the attacks took on an even more sinister cast.
“With this tripwire, this changes things. It's more sophisticated. It's not targeted to individuals,” said FBI agent Chris Combs, in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division. “We're very concerned that with tripwires a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something.”
Hundreds of agents from the FBI and the US. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms have joined the investigation, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of ATF, said the latest explosive device was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail in a residential neighborhood.
“It was dark out. It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line,” Milanowski said. “It would have been very difficult for someone to see.”
Milanowski said that investigators have investigated over 500 leads since the bombings began and that there have been “persons of interest” in the cases, though they have so far not led to much.
Authorities canvassed the area in search of anything suspicious, and residents were warned to remain indoors and to call 911 if they needed to leave their homes.
Manley also asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to make the footage available in case suspicious vehicles or people could be seen.
The latest attack happened in the southwestern Austin neighborhood of Travis Country. That is far from the sites of the earlier bombings, which took place in residential neighborhoods east of Interstate 35 and killed a 39-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy and wounded two other people.
The highway has traditionally been seen as a dividing line between the city's more affluent west side and more heavily minority areas to its east.
Police at first suggested the bombings could be hate crimes since the first three bombs involved victims who were black or Hispanic, but the latest attack may have undermined that theory. The 22- and 23-year-old men wounded this time are white.
The police chief warned people not to touch suspicious bags, boxes or backpacks, especially if they had wires protruding.
Mayor Steve Adler said the latest explosion raised anxieties spreading across the city.
“That concern is legitimate and real,” Adler said, adding that residents should also be reassured by the massive police response to the attacks. Hundreds of federal agents are investigating, along with Austin police.
“That anxiousness is going to continue until we can find the answer,” Adler said.
Spring break ends Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts, meaning people who were out of town have returned home to heightened fears.
University police warned returning students to be wary and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, “We must look out for one another.” None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
Concern spread well past the immediate blast site.
“This makes me sick,” said Andrew Zimmerman, 44, a coffee shop worker on the city's west side. They said the use of a tripwire adds a “new level” of suspected professionalism that makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
“That's what scares me a little bit,” they added.
A golf tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers are set to begin arriving the day before.
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 6/29/18 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Southbound traffic is closed on Del. 141 in Newport near the intersection of Marshall and Justis streets because of a wreck which left one car stuck on a guardrail. (Photo: John Jankowski)
Traffic has reopened on Del. 141 southbound in Newport after a wreck caused a car to be stuck on a guardrail with its driver's side rear wheel hanging off the bridge.
The vehicle was stuck on the guardrail where Del. 141 crosses over the intersection of Marshall and Justis streets. It's been removed.
Southbound traffic is closed on Del. 141 in Newport near the intersection of Marshall and Justis streets because of a wreck which left one car stuck on a guardrail. (Photo: DelDOT)
The cause of the wreck is not yet clear. It's not clear if the driver or anyone else was injured. More information will be released as it becomes available.
Contact Adam Duvernay at (302) 319-1855 or aduvernay@delawareonline.com
ON THE ROAD
Trooper hurt in Tuesday night crash responding to Roth Bridge suicide call
Three-car crash closes Philadelphia Pike, injuries three
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/traffic/2018/07/04/car-stuck-del-141-guardrail-newport/757992002/
BJ Gruner of Forged Components, Tom Derrah of BIC Alliance, David Allen and Purav Patel of Forged Components discuss the shows sucess in the Forged Components boot at POWER-GEN International.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Below the blackened tower they answered the call to help.
Young women in headscarves, old ladies with trolleys, well-heeled women from the affluent streets beyond and people with barely anything to give at all. All joining a massive grassroots relief effort on the streets of Kensington.
You will find all of human life in North Kensington, and it turns out, deep humanity too.
“This is London,” Rev Mark O'Donoghue told me outside St Clements Church, transformed overnight into a refuge.
(Photo: John Nguyen/JNVisuals)
“Our diocese has the most eye-wateringly expensive homes in the capital and some of the most deprived areas.
“In there you will see people who have been evacuated represent both those communities – and you will see the people helping come from both those communities, rich and poor. People coming together in the most extraordinary way.”
Some of the donations received would only happen in Kensington.
Stella McCartney 's chef had delivered 300 meals, volunteers told me. Global asset management company Marshall Wace had 338 pasta salads boxed up individually and sent from Sloane Square.
(Photo: Adam Gerrard/Daily Mirror)
At St Clements, they were as gratefully received as the boxes of bananas and apricots coming in from market stalls and the modest contents of people's cupboards.
All around the flapping blue and white tape of the cordon, scenes of quiet, practical kindness­ and old-fashioned Blitz spirit contrasted with the horrific inferno raging above, as firefighters wrestled the continuing blaze.
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
At the Portobello Rugby Club where families who had lost loved ones were gathered, a distraught elderly Muslim woman sat weeping on a plastic chair in the shade, watching food and water being delivered.
They told me they were looking for their sister. “Pray they will be found,” they said, as a young white woman volunteer gave them a hug.
Outside the Westway Sports Centre, transformed into another sanctuary, trestle tables sagged with clothes and food there was no room for inside. Nappies, flipflops, baby milk, soap, clothes, bags of oranges, all under a handwritten sign – ‘Those in need please help yourselves'. By lunchtime, donations had spread to cover the tennis courts.
A father feeding their toddler son a donated sandwich told me how grateful the families were.
“I am waiting for news of my parents' in-laws,” they said. “We haven't been able to ring them, They were on the 11th floor. We have heard nothing. My wife is running around. We are broken.”
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
Inside, gymnastics mats were on the floor of its main hall, where Alex Russell, from the Westway Trust, said those trying to process the night's events could rest.
Families seeking cool and quiet away from the headache-inducing smoke from the still-burning block had not stopped pouring in by late afternoon. Across the other side of the cordon, St Clements, a church old enough to remember when North Kensington was piggeries and potteries, was not just supporting bereaved, separated and homeless families, but the emergency services too.
Rev O'Donoghue had led a small group of clergy beyond the cordon earlier in the day to offer prayers and “just a presence” among the firefighters.“You can't imagine what they do,” they said. “What we are doing here is nothing. They are out taking a short break then going back into that heat and danger.”
(Photo: Reuters)
Above him, against the clearness of the bright blue day, the smoke rose like a stain above the stubby tower blocks of West London.
I asked about the questions now facing the local council. “The church is about two things - truth and love,” they said. “Truth will come later. I know people are angry and it
is a hot day, but today should be
about love.”
A young priest returning from the same expedition said the firefighters were shattered, soaking wet and mostly silent. “One told me it was the worst thing they had ever seen in their whole career,” they said.
Outside the church, I found Kai Singh from Sikh charity Basics of Sikhi delivering­ crates of water. Mr Singh said they and colleagues had chosen not to go into work in Southall, but to come straight to Kensington instead.
(Photo: PA)
“We are here to do anything that's needed. Our faith teaches us to act when people are in need.”
St Clements has been inundated with help from supermarkets, clothes shops, local businesses. At the back door, chefs from Argentian restaurant Casa Cruz, still in their whites, were delivering boxes of water and oranges. Catherine Lindsay had been there since 3.30am when the church's doors opened to the hundreds of people milling about homeless­ and frightened on the street.
“At 4.30, the first donation arrived – 40 blankets and bags of clothes from a Muslim charity,” they said.
Running the community centre there meant they knew many families from Grenfell Tower. “One Syrian family I know who live there, the mother and one child are in hospital, but at least the whole family is alive.”
A woman who had been fed at the church told me they were in total shock. “I am terrified to know what has happened to my friends,” they said. “People were jumping from windows, asking for help, screaming for help! ”
(Photo: Getty)
At the Westway, where smoke from the tower was trapped by the flyover, a young Irish woman delivering clothes asked to use the toilet. “It's taken three hours to get here,” they said.
The nearby Griffin Gallery, Collart, an art materials company, was offered colouring and drawing for kids, “comfy chairs and toilets, wifi
and phone chargers”.
At Frances Assissi Church they were sending donations that arrived by the bag and trolley load every minute to other churches and leisure centres. “We are completely full with donations,” polite volunteers told other volunteers. “Try the other centres.”
Queens Park Rangers football club opened up its stadium a mile away to provide tea and shelter, and act as a donation point for clothes and bedding.
(Photo: PA)
Jeremy Clarkson gave their entire wardrobe­. Jamie Oliver invited people to shelter in their Westfield restaurant. Lily Allen offered their home. And hundreds of others did exactly the same.
Back at Portobello Rugby Club I saw a woman rush and grab their friend. “You are here! You are here! I was so worried!” Both women burst into floods of tears.
But later, I saw the woman I had seen first at the rugby club being led into the quiet refuge of St Clements Church, weeping uncontrollably. Them relative nodded to my unspoken question. “Yes, they found their sister,” they said.
HOW TO HELP
(Photo: Getty)
You can drop off any donations of clothes, blankets, toiletries, toys and phone chargers at...
St Clement's Church, Sirdar Road, W11 4EQ, Rugby Portobello Trust Walmer Road, W11 4EY, Tabernacle Christian Centre, Jubilee House, Latimer Road, W10 6QY, and Central Guduara, W11 4SG.
JustGiving has set up a Grenfell Tower page https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/categories/emergencies/grenfell-tower-fire
If you're worried about somebody who is missing, call the Casualty Bureau on 0800 096 1233 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool and Everton greats John Barnes and Andy Gray clashed in a heated debate following Sunday's Merseyside derby.
The pair were speaking on beIN Sports to give their analysis of the 1-1 draw, which saw the Toffees come from behind to earn a point at Anfield.
Liverpool dominated large periods of the game, carving out many more opportunities than their local rivals, but Mo Salah's stunning opener was cancelled out by Wayne Rooney's second-half penalty.
Barnes accused Everton of showing a lack of ambition, but Gray defender their former side's display in a lively exchange.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
JB: Everton created absolutely nothing and got a point so they are good. But let's not get carried away by thinking it was a good performance from Everton.
AG: They are at different parts of the spectrum. Your team should be pretty much nearly the finished article with your coach. This Everton team is in its infancy.
JB: But you can still have a shot on goal.
AG: We did have!
JB: What is the penalty?
AG: No, we had two shots on goal actually. The keeper had a save to make from (Gylfi) Sigurdsson in the first half.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
JB: This is Everton Football Club, this is the Premier League.
AG: A few weeks ago Everton Football Club were in the bottom three of the league.
JB: It doesn't matter where you are, you still have players who can create chances.
AG: You can't say to Everton, you should be popping the ball out from the back and rolling it out to (Ashley) Williams and taking chances. That's not where Everton are.
JB: But you should be able to get the ball and create a few chances.
AG: Who feels better today?
JB: Of course Sam (Allardyce) feel better but let's analyse the game.
Pakistan knocks hosts Zimbabwe out of T20I series
Harare, Jul 4 (AFP) Pakistan knocked Zimbabwe out of the Twenty20 tri-series in Harare in a closely-fought encounter today, beating the hosts by seven wickets with five deliveries to spare.
Opener Fakhar Zaman top-scored for Pakistan with 47 before captain Sarfraz Ahmed overcame a spirited Zimbabwean fightback and saw their side home with an unbeaten 38. Their efforts meant that Zimbabwean allrounder Solomon Mire's bellicose earlier innings earlier went in vain.
Mire struck 94, the highest score by a Zimbabwean in Twenty20 internationals, but Zimbabwe's 162 for 4 was not enough to overcome the world's top-ranked T20 side. Zaman said Pakistan was always confident they could pull off a successful chase.
"We have a very deep batting line-up, so we were confident we could chase it," they said.
Pakistan given a rapid start by Zaman and fellow opener Haris Sohail, who took 56 from the Powerplay.
Sohail holed out soon afterwards, but Zaman continued to show the sort of touch that made them vital to Pakistan's successful Champions Trophy run last year.
Mixing aggression with an ability to manoeuvre the ball around the field, they cracked four fours and a six.
The tactic spoke volumes about their development as a limited overs batsman.
"In the start in T20 I was hitting every ball in my striking zone, but after playing eight to 10 games I sat with some senior players like Shoaib Malik and Sarfraz Ahmed, and spoke about my gameplans with them," Zaman explained.
"I realised that I could play proper cricket shots and be successful (in T20), and that's what I've been doing recently."
- Ahmed's deft touch -
======================
They may have learnt even more from Ahmed's innings of calm precision that kept Pakistan up with an asking rate that hovered around eight for much of the match.
Executing their attacking strokes perfectly, Ahmed found the gaps and the boundaries whenever they were needed.
They displayed a particularly deft touch with their late cut, taking boundaries off left-arm spinners Tendai Chisoro and Wellington Masakadza with the stroke.
With four runs needed from the final over, it was also the shot they used to end the game, gliding seamer Chris Mpofu to the third man boundary.
Where Ahmed's innings was one of finesse, Mire's 63-ball 94 for Zimbabwe showcased big-hitting ability.
Mire started slowly, but hit their first six into the stands beyond long leg to move into the 20s and was soon smashing Pakistan's attack to all corners of the ground.
Mire's fourth six took them to a 32-ball half century, their first in this format, and they aren't done there.
They collected a fifth six with a huge strike down the ground off Mohammad Nawaz' left-arm spin, and then lifted fast bowler Mohammad Amir for the biggest hit of the day, over the roof of the three storey stand beyond midwicket.
They eventually fell for 94 attempting another big hit, but their 64-run third wicket stand with Tarisai Musakanda boosted Zimbabwe to a respectable total after two poor outings in this tournament.
"We were expecting 130 to 140 on this pitch, but Mire played a very good innings," said Zaman.
It was not enough to beat Pakistan, however, who are now assured a place in Sunday's final against Australia
A file photo of Karti Chidambaram. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear the Centre's plea against Madras high court order staying its lookout notice against Karti Chidambaram, son of former finance minister P. Chidambaram, and others in an alleged corruption case filed by the CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation).
A bench of chief justice J.S. Khehar and justice D.Y. Chandrachud said it will hear the plea on Monday itself after it finishes hearing the listed matters. Additional solicitor general Tushar Mehta, appearing for the Centre, sought an urgent hearing of the plea saying that the order was passed recently and an appeal against it has been moved today itself.
The Madras high court had on 10 August stayed the ‘look out circulars' issued against Karti Chidambaram and four others by the Centre over a corruption case filed by the CBI, holding that they were prima facie “unwarranted”.
Besides Karti, their associates C.B.N. Reddy, Ravi Viswanathan, Mohanan Rajesh and S. Bhaskararaman had also got the interim relief.
Noting that the impugned circular had been issued just a day after the notice was sent under relevant CrPC sections asking Karti to appear on 29 June for questioning, the high court had said, “this...according to this court, is prima facie unwarranted”.
The Foreigner Regional Registration Officer (FRRO) and the Bureau of Immigration, under the Union Home Ministry, had issued the circulars against Karti on June 16 last and against the four others on 18 July.
In their petition, Karti has contended that the lookout circular was part of the central government's “political vendetta” and issued “arbitrarily” without jurisdiction to prevent them from travelling abroad.
They also said they had responded to the summonses issued by the CBI in connection with the case and there was “no absolute cause of action” for issuance of the circular.
The case is related to alleged irregularities in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance to INX Media for receiving overseas funds when Karti's father was the Union Finance Minister in 2007.
CBI had claimed that the FDI proposal of the media house was “fallacious”, but Chidambaram had cleared it. The FIR dated May 15 was registered before the special CBI judge here. It was followed by searches at the residences and offices of Karti and their friends on 16 May.
BUSINESS
(Kona I)
South Korean smart card maker Kona I and French smart card component maker Linxens have signed a strategic cooperation to expand business for payment and security starting next year, Kona I said Monday.The two companies are reviewing various projects, ranging from telecommunication, e-government, access control, financial services to internet of things, among others, according to Kona I.The two have already been working together, for example, with Linxens providing components such as RFID Antennas and Inlays used in transportation cards to Kona I.“Our companies already have a successful history of working together on several projects,” said Christophe Duverne, president and chief executive of Linxens. “We are confident this partnership leverages both companies' strengths and will open up new opportunities for both of us.”Since founded in 1986, Linxens, headquartered in the outskirts of Paris, has increased global market presence in production and sales. Linxens has eight production facilities and four centers for research and development across the globe including Asia.Kona I, founded in 1998, has exported smart card products to over 90 countries, The firm, devoted to biometric cards, launched in late November Kona Card, the world's first open rechargable mobile payment platform.By Son Ji-hyoung
A NINE-year-old from Burghfield Common is taking on a five-mile swim in a bid to raise cash for vital life-prolonging treatment for their grandfather.
Brimpton Primary School pupil George Winslet decided to take on the 320-length swimathon to help boost the family's fundraising efforts.
George's grandfather, Nigel Hubbard, was recently diagnosed with Erdhein Chester Disease (ECD), a rare and incurable condition.
Mr Hubbard's family have discovered that the disease is believed to respond to a certain drug that is not available on the NHS, so they have set themselves a target of £35,000 to fund the potentially life-prolonging treatment.
George is undertaking the swim over a number of sessions at Willink Leisure Centre this month and has so far raised nearly £100.
Their older brother, Joe Hubbard, is also planning to do a 15-mile sponsored swim and their tutor group at The Willink School will be holding a cake sale to help add to the funds.
Their mother, Katie Hubbard, said: “I am so proud of both my boys for doing what they can for their granddad and the family.
“So far we have all raised nearly £4,500.”
The disease means Mr Hubbard has problems with their kidneys, which are functioning at just 20 per cent of their normal rate, pituitary gland and lesions on their bones.
Other fundraising events have included a bowling evening and a fundraiser at the Old London Apprentice pub in Newbury.
When it comes to proposals and wedding pictures farmers really are outstanding in their field!
We've seen brides and grooms made from round bales, pedigree cattle in the wedding pictures and of course the ever-popular tractor shot featuring an array of the most popular marques.
Stephanie and Harry
Harry Thompson, from Randalstown, son of Henry and Dorothy Thompson, recently proposed to Loanends girl Stephanie McCollam, daughter of Stephen and Jane McCollam, using an innovative technique.
Harry farms dairy, beef and sheep at home and thought it would be very fitting to use three of their flock to propose, as Stephanie's family breed their own Pedigree Texel and Commercial flocks.
Of course they said yes!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Billy Joe Saunders makes the potentially daunting trip to Canada to defend their world middleweight title against David Lemieux.
Saunders makes a quick return to the ring having outpointed Willie Monroe Jr three months ago.
The speedy turnaround is in stark contrast to the previous 12 months in which Saunders fought just once.
Their willingness to travel to Lemieux's backyard suggests the former Olympian's confidence high, but they face a man who has strung together four victories since their stoppage defeat by Gennady Golovkin in 2015.
Most recently they outpointed Marcos Reyes in May to move them into contention for another world title shot.
The 28-year-old previously briefly held the IBF strap but lost it in their first defence against Golovkin.
Here is everything you need to know about the fight...
(Image: Getty Images North America)
When and where is the fight?
The fight takes place on Saturday at Place Bell, Montreal
What time will the fight start?
The fight will start between 3am and 4am on Sunday morning in the UK.
What TV channel is the fight on and is there a live stream?
The fight is being shown on Box Nation in the UK and can be streamed via the channel's website .
Who else is fighting?
Antoine Douglas vs Gary O'Sullivan
Ryan Garcia vs Noe Martinez Raygoza
Cletus Seldin vs Yves Ulysse Jr
Custio Clayton vs Cristian Rafael Coria
Batyrzhan Jukembayev vs Wilberth Lopez
Steven Butler vs Lanardo Tyner
Simon Kean vs Mike Sheppard
Mathieu Germain vs Juan Garcia Mendez
Nicola Adams vs Soledad Macedo
Vincent Thibault vs Adrian Haro Campos
Kim Clavel vs Yoseline Martinez Jose
"It's just a matter of time," Fowler said. "It would just be nice if it was sooner rather than later."
The four-time tour winner began their birdie run with a 17-footer on 16 and connected from 9 feet on the par-4 17th and 18th holes. They also birdied 13 after playing the first 12 in even par with a birdie and a bogey.
"I just kind of had to fight through it," Fowler said. "The swing was just a fraction off. It wasn't bad, still made some good swings out there, but just had to try and get the ball in the short grass, get some looks and try not to make many mistakes."
Rahm had a 65, playing alongside Mickelson and Schauffele for the third straight day. The 23-year-old Spaniard had five birdies in a seven-hole stretch on the back nine. They won two weeks ago in the California desert at La Quinta to jump to No. 2 in the world.
"I hit the ball really well off the tee, gave myself a lot of opportunities," Rahm said. "But the main key today was my iron play. My game was a lot more accurate than the first few days and thanks to that I had a couple better birdie chances and a couple more went in."
Reavie birdied the final two holes for a 67.
"To win tournaments out here is great, but to win one that you grew up going to would be very special," Reavie said. "For me, this is a fifth major."
DeChambeau shot 68. They lost the lead with a bogey on 17 after driving into the water.
"Tempo and rhythm," DeChambeau said. "If I can control that and control my golf swing like I have been the past three days I think that I'll be fine."
Mickelson birdied the final two holes for a 66. He's making their record-tying 29th start in the event they won in 1996, 2005 and 2013.
"If you look at it, it looks like a very simple, solid bogey-free round, 5 under," Mickelson said. "It was anything but that. I made some really nice up-and-downs to keep the round going and when I did hit some good tee shots and hit some good shots into the fairway I was able to get aggressive and make some birdies."
Xander Schauffele and Daniel Berger also were 12 under. Schauffele shot 66, and Berger had a 68.
Ben Silverman (70) of Thornhill, Ont., and Adam Hadwin (74) of Abbotsford, B.C., were the low Canadians at 4 under. Abbotsford's Nick Taylor (73) is even.
"I'm getting the full experience playing with Phil and Jon," Schauffele said. "Especially when all of us are playing well."
Fowler is wearing a pin on their hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy they befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Griffin was born with a rare airway disorder.
"We actually had a ball go a little left on 11 today and we joked about it that Griffin took one in the chest and kept it out for us," Fowler said.
By John Nicholson, The Associated Press
From: Rosemary Thompson, Colne, Lancashire.
MUCH has been written about the destruction of Sheffield's trees, but I worry about the impact the tree killings are having on the mental health of the children of the city. Children love trees for their conkers, flowers, rustling leaves, shade, colours, etc and because they have always been part of their lives in their streets.
They see that their parents, neighbours, friends and other adults feel the same and have watched them fighting to save them for years.
But despite all the protests and efforts, ‘big scary machines and men' come and kill the trees. The children not only have to come to terms with the loss of what they love but also the inability of their parents and other adults to prevent it, and their suffering too.
I live in Lancashire but I know Sheffield through visiting friends who live there. I have tried to support the campaign to stop the felling of healthy trees with letters.
I have briefly joined the locals in their protest and I admire their strength, courage and stamina in this long fight. The recent escalation of fellings just before Christmas seems particularly spiteful; how many children will remember this year for the tree that is gone rather than the joy of the season?
To all who have the ability to stop this farce – think of what you are doing to your city's children (your future) and protect them as well as the trees.
Especially as just today a child was put in danger by reckless arboreal work. What will it take to call a halt?
Safety fears ignored
From: John Noton, Kent Road, Harrogate.
GRAHAM Donaldson raises the question of so-called smart motorways and their safety record on the M1 in Yorkshire (The Yorkshire Post, December 6).
The absence of a hard shoulder meant that a broken down vehicle was stranded on the carriageway, and, of course, the technology doesn't help you if there's another vehicle bearing down on you from behind.
This whole strategy was highly flawed from the start. When the Government began to roll out these unsafe motorway changes, it was warned by the Commons select committee on transport to proceed with caution and await the results before taking them further.
The advice was ignored, as it was felt the country's road system was so desperate for improvement that speeding up the motorway network justified the odd death.
This deplorable policy will, I'm sorry to say, claim more lives before it is inevitably admitted to be a grave mistake. I daresay our Yorkshire MPs are rarely endangered as they will no doubt be travelling down to Westminster in the safety of a first-class carriage on the East Coast main line.
Hypocrisy of extreme left
From: Brian H Sheridan, Lodge Moor, Sheffield.
AFTER a dubious start, I have warmed over time to your occasional columnist GP Taylor, whose candour in declaring their vulnerability is uncommon (‘Poppy sparks onslaught of the keyboard warriors', The Yorkshire Post, December 6).
Their entirely reasonable observation that some of the most vicious trolling directed at them is perpetrated by those of an extreme left-wing persuasion will no doubt attract criticism which they would be wise to ignore.
One expects illiberal behaviour from the extreme right, the most infamous recent example being the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox, but there is a section of the extreme left motivated by the politics of envy and hate whilst claiming the moral high ground. This is sheer hypocrisy.
Sensible spending
From: JG Riseley, Harcourt Drive, Harrogate.
YOUR contributor Jo Pike is among those to call for greater focus upon children suffering food poverty and insecurity. We need to make the state provision more effective in meeting children's nutritional and other requirements.
There is scope to do this through the use of a benefits debit card which, in collaboration with retailers, would restrict the items which can be bought.
Such a measure could also help to limit the unintended consequences of our accepting responsibility for other people's children. Many of us would not want to offer indiscriminate encouragement for people to have larger families, nor would we wish a woman to disregard men's aptitude as providers when choosing a father for them children.
In praise of pub manager
From: Susan and James Taylor, Arcade Alehouse, Barnsley.
THANK you for taking the time to review The Arcade Alehouse, Barnsley, we are very proud of our pub and all that we've achieved in such a short time.
I must correct you on one point, we do not employ a barmaid. We have three bar staff, two male and one female. Our female member of staff is the manager and the person responsible for keeping the beer in good condition.
 They are also studying to be an accredited beer sommelier and will talk knowledgeably and at length about beer with customers who engage them in conversation.
Show some compassion
From: David Treacher, Nelson Road, Hull.
IT'S terrible how there are so many people sleeping on the streets in the area. No matter what town you visit, all you see is people in shop doorways , with nowhere to go, and begging for food.
We should all have compassion for people worse off in life and try to feed them and, at the least, speak to them as we pass. It's the least we can do.
Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.
National and international organizations have also made recent announcements about how to reduce and improve recycling, but all have committed to widely varying timelines to achieve these goals.
For example, the United Nations Environment Programme (with support from 42 governments), declared a fight against plastics, announcing their global Clean Seas campaign in 2017 to eliminate major sources of marine debris by 2022.
The following year, the European Commission (EC) adopted the first Europe-wide strategy on plastics, aiming for all plastic packaging in the EU to be reusable or recyclable — but not until 2030.
Lagging behind the international community, the United Kingdom announced it will eliminate "avoidable" plastic waste by 2042 — almost a generation away!
Meanwhile, Canada has also been soliciting comments and ideas on ways to reduce plastic pollution and improve recycling.
With governments setting unambitious targets, it seems that large corporations are now showing leadership by listening to consumers who are demanding less SUPs in their packing and food containers.
Recently, McDonald's announced that it would replace plastic straws with paper ones in all of its U.K. and Ireland restaurants, as of September 2018. This strategy may soon be rolled out in other jurisdictions. Ikea has also committed to eliminating all SUP products from its home furnishing range by 2020, including plastic straws, plates, cups, freezer bags, garbage bags and plastic-coated paper plates and cups.
Why has it taken so long to tackle this wicked problem?
Sure, the plastics industry has something to lose, and maybe governments also lack the will and technology to make the transition sooner.
But time is running out.
I'm just glad that the Romans invented viaducts and straight roads instead of SUPs, as we likely wouldn't be here today if they had. Giving up a plastic straw, stirrer or bag might not be so bad after all.
If I have to choose between "Planet or Plastic," I know which I'll pick. What about you?
Tony Robert Walker is an Assistant Professor at Dalhousie University. This article was originally published on The Conversation.
Brigadier Ali Khalfan Al Dhaheri, Director General of Central Operations at Abu Dhabi Police, said overtaking from the road shoulder is a very dangerous practice that endangers the lives of road users. They reminded that the road shoulder is designated for emergency use by ambulances, rapid intervention vehicles and police patrols to reach accident sites and provide emergency assistance.
If you have ever installed, treated, repaired, or sealed hardwood floors in your home, you know how expensive it can get. The last thing you want to do is ruin your expensive wood floors with an inferior cleaning product. The best mops for hardwood floors can keep your floors clean, shiny, and looking their best — and they won't weaken floors with excess water or chemicals.
There are a few good options for cleaning hardwood floors, but a microfiber mop is probably your best bet. A mop that cleans with microfiber is generally preferred over a conventional mop because it can attract and retain dirt and liquids better than other mops. The shape of the microfiber is the secret to why it's so effective: it works like a squeegee that picks up dirt and other messes and holds onto it instead of dragging it around. That being said, if you have the money to invest in a mop, there are higher tech electric mops that take the arm work out of lifting dirt and grime and can leave your floors looking polished.
It should also be noted that the cleaning agent you use while mopping hardwood floors is equally important, and it's best to stay away from harsh chemicals and choose more natural cleaning methods. Wood floors should be damp-mopped only — it's important to avoid saturating the floor with excess water. As far as cleaning agents go, make sure you read labels carefully and only select cleaners that are made for sealed wood. When in doubt, a little white vinegar diluted in water works like a charm.
These four mops for hardwood floors will take some of the stress out of cleaning and protecting your floors.
1 A Classic Mop And Bucket System With A Microfiber Head And Hands-Free Wringer Amazon O-Cedar Microfiber Spin Mop and Bucket $30 AmazonBuy Now The best thing you can do for your hardwood floors is keep harsh chemicals, soap, and excessive amounts of water as far away from them as possible. This is easier to do when you use a microfiber mop that has electrostatic properties and can attract dirt and grime without serious detergents. This mop and bucket system features a mop with a built-in wringer and a bucket with a foot pedal that allows you to remove excess water from the mop without using your hands. Depending on how much water you wring out, you can mop hardwood floors with nothing more than a damp microfiber pad, which is safer for sealed wood. The bucket even has a splash guard to keep water from spilling out onto floors. Another unique feature this mop offer is its triangular head that reaches deep into corners. Plus, it's designed with a 360-degree rotation so you can easily slide it under furniture. This mop boasts more than 5,000 positive reviews — and at $30, it won't break the bank.
2 A Microfiber Mop With Double-Sided Cloths For Wet And Dry Mopping Amazon Mr. Siga Professional Microfiber Mop $25 AmazonBuy Now Considering how much grime and bacteria your mop comes into contact with every time you clean, there's something comforting about this microfiber mop, which has removable and washable cloths that you can use over and over again. The mop cloth is also conveniently double-sided: on one side you'll find microfiber and on the other side a plush material. The blue microfiber side is ideal for attracting dust and hair and can be used for wet and dry mopping, while the beige plush side can be used when waxing floors to make them super shiny. This mop also comes with one dirt removal scrubbing pad that's great for stubborn caked-on messes. And its 360-degree swivel pole adjusts to different heights and makes cleaning in tight spots a lot easier.
3 An Electric Mop That Has A Gentle Scrubbing Action Amazon Bissell Spinwave Powered Hardwood Floor Mop and Cleaner $96 AmazonBuy Now If your motto while mopping your floors is: the less you have to do, the better, then this luxury (and kind of fancy) mop is for you. It's powerful enough to give soiled hardwood floors an effective scrub without scratching them, it includes both soft touch pads for light cleaning and scrub pads for messes, and it features a built-in cleaning spray function that disperses a mist — just enough to get the job done without coating your hardwood floors with liquid. Bissell sells a separate multi-surface cleaning solution that you can add to the mop's tank and that's safe for several floors types, including sealed wood. Or you can use water and white vinegar or another type of floor cleaner. You can thank this mop's dual rotating spin pads for cutting down the time it takes to clean your floors. You may pay a little more for this mop, but it's time-saving bells and whistles make it well worth the price, according to hundreds of reviewers.
Shell has signed an agreement to sell its downstream business in Argentina to Raízen for $0.95 billion in cash proceeds at completion, subject to customary closing conditions. The sale includes the Buenos Aires Refinery, around 645 retail stations, liquefied petroleum gas, marine fuels, aviation fuels, bitumen, chemicals and lubricants businesses, as well as supply and distribution activities in the country. Additionally, after the transaction closes, the businesses acquired by Raízen will continue their relationships with Shell through various commercial agreements, which represent an estimated value of US$0.3 billion.
Raízen, a joint venture set up in 2011 between Shell and Cosan, is a leading biofuels producer and fuels distributor in Brazil, where it already manages more than 6,000 Shell service stations.
“We plan to continue thriving in Argentina's downstream market through Raízen,” John Abbott, Shell Downstream Director, said. “Raízen has already delivered significant value for us in Brazil and we will remain an important fuel supplier to Argentina under this deal.”
Shell has been in Argentina for more than 100 years. The Shell brand will remain prominent through a licensing agreement with Raízen. Customers in Argentina will continue to enjoy access to high-quality, Shell-branded products and services.The agreement is consistent with Shell's strategy to simplify its portfolio through a US$30 billion divestment program, and follows a strategic review of Shell's Downstream business in Argentina that began in August 2016.
The agreement with Raízen is the result of a competitive bidding process and the sale is expected to complete later this year. It offers the opportunity to consolidate a regional partnership between Shell and Cosan.The sale does not include Shell's Upstream interests in the Vaca Muerta shale formation. Shell sees substantial long-term growth potential in Argentina's shale resources.
Flyin' Lions now 6-0
Perennial tennis power Ennis has started off the year by flying out of the gate with six consecutive wins to start the fall, team tennis
season. Head coach Keith Howard and assistant Wyatt Johnson have one of their better squads in recent years, and they have begun their
new campaign by playing host to five matches at the Lions Tennis Center. The 6-0 start included a solo match on Aug. 7, a pair the following day and two more on Aug. 9. They played another on Thursday. Details of individual performances will be published on Wednesday. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
News
SUMMONS BY PUBLICATION
DISTRICT COURT, BOULDER COUNTY
STATE OF COLORADO
Court Address:
Justice Center
1777 Sixth Street
Boulder, CO 80302
THE TOWN OF LYONS, COLORADO, a Colorado municipal corporation,
v.
BNSF RAILWAY COMPANY, a Delaware corporation; and all unknown persons who claim any interest in the subject matter of this action
ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF:
Timothy P. Cox, Reg. #28585
MICHOW COX & McASKIN LLP
6530 S. Yosemite Street, Suite 200
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
Phone Number: (303) 459-2725
e-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Case Number: 2017CV30271
Division 2
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF COLORADO
TO THE ABOVE-NAMED DEFENDANT(S):
You are hereby summoned and required to appear and defend against the claims of the complaint filed with the court in this action, by filing with the clerk of this court an answer or other response. You are required to file your answer or other response within 35 days after the service of this summons upon you. Service of this summons shall be complete on the day of the last publication. A copy of the complaint may be obtained from the clerk of the court.
If you fail to file your answer or other response to the complaint in writing within 35 days after the date of the last publication, judgment by default may be rendered against you by the court for the relief demanded in the complaint without further notice.
This is an action to quiet the title of the Plaintiff in and to the real property situate in Boulder County, Colorado, more particularly described on Exhibit A, attached hereto and by this reference made a part hereof.
Dated April 20, 2017.
MICHOW COX & MCASKIN LLP
By: /s/ Timothy P. Cox____
Timothy P. Cox, #28585
Attorneys for Plaintiff
Exhibit A
A strip of land being one hundred feet in width running through the southeast quarter of Section 18, Township 3 North, Range 70 West of the 6th principal meridian, County of Boulder, State of Colorado; said strip of land, located in the Town of Lyons, Colorado, runs westerly between the westerly line of Third Avenue and the easterly line of Fifth Avenue along the said right-of-way for railroad now known as Railroad Avenue, thence westerly by the most practicable route to the west boundary of said Town which is also the west boundary line of said southeast quarter of said Section 18.
Published in the Lyons Recorder.
First Publication: May 11, 2017
Last Publication: June 8, 2017
With its high-grade design and vibrant, dynamic 4K UHD picture performance, this Signature Series LG OLED sets a very high bar. HDR dynamics are profound, the webOS smart platform is a dream to use and the integrated soundbar rocks.
In LG's 2017 TV range, the Signature Series G7 OLED is as good as it gets. The ‘wallpaper' W7 may be the brand's poster boy, but those looking for a more traditional top-end telly will find the G7 a far more realistic proposition.
Available in 65- and 77-inch screen sizes coming in at $6,999 (£6,499, AU$9,099) and $9,999 (£19,999, about AU$12,699), respectively, the LG G7 OLED sits high above the South Korean manufacturer's B7, E7 and C7 models.
But, given that the G7 has the same panel and picture processing engine as its cheaper siblings, it will have to go some ways to justify its hefty price tag.
Design
LG G7 OLED specs Screen sizes available: 65- and 77-inches
Tuner: 2x terrestrial/Freeview Play, 2 x HD satellite
Panel technology: OLED
4K: Yes
HDR: Yes
Smart TV: Yes, webOS 3.5
Curved: No
Dimensions: 1461 x 883 x 243mm
3D: No
Inputs: 4 x HDMI with HDCP 2.2, 3x USB, Ethernet
LG describes the design of the G7 as ‘picture on glass' - and that's pretty much exactly what you get. Minimalism is the name of the game when it comes to OLED, after all. That said, the panel is bonded to a glass backing; tuner and electronics are relegated to a slim box on the rear and in the pedestal base.
From the front, there's nothing to distract. The display area is all picture. The pedestal can be redeployed to the rear in order to enable wall-mounting.
The anodized finish is stunning, and looks great when the light catches it. The integrated sound bar with its radiator-style grille, is equally dramatic.
Inputs run along the rear of the TV pedestal. There are four HDMIs, all HDCP 2.2 compliant, as well as 3 USB inputs (one a fast v3.0 for timeshifting onto a connected USB HDD), Ethernet and an optical digital output. There's also an RS232 port for system control, plus a CI slot. The set boasts two terrestrial Freeview tuners and two satellite inputs. Dual-band Wi-Fi is standard.
Rounding the package off are two remote controls, one a simplified pointer finished matching the screen cosmetics, the other the latest iteration of LG's Magic Remote with scroll wheel, used to direct the onscreen cursor.
Design TL;DR: Ravishing picture-on-glass design with premium finish and integrated soundbar, make for a spectacular-looking TV.
Smart TV: LG webOS
LG's webOS connected platform has seen a number of revisions, but none have changed the basic look and feel of the UI. Despite the fact that webOS is already in its 3.5 version, the familiar Launch Bar still offers quick access to apps, inputs and the set's extensive feature set.
Like before, you can customize the long scrolling bar by rearranging the tiles to bring your favorites up front. If binging is your thing, then put Netflix at the head of the line. If you never use Now TV, relegate it to the back of the pack.
The set comes with a comprehensive selection of apps and streaming services. UK owners also get Freeview Play, which ensures all the main catch-up TV services are to hand. Netflix, Amazon Video and YouTube, lead the rest. All stream in 4K when appropriate. There's also a web browser, if you need it.
Main menu navigation is sprightly enough, although at times it can feel like you're hip-deep in sub-menus.
Smart TV TL;DR: Lean yet powerful, LG's webOS offers all the streaming apps and catch-up you'll need without over-cluttering the experience. What's more, it's crash-free and stable (we're looking at you, Android TV).
HD/SDR Performance
OLED is famously forgiving of most sources, so it's no surprise to find that the set's HD and SDR performance is extremely good. If you want your Blu-rays invigorated and HD channels optimized, the G7 doesn't disappoint.
Profound black, a key attribute of OLED technology, makes everything look spectacular: Blade Runner The Final Cut (Blu-ray) opens with white credits on a black backdrop - here it's truly black. There's no differentiation between the letterbox aspect ratio bars and the movie itself. The extreme contrast also heightens the drama as we glide toward the Tyrell pyramid HQ. The close up of the lit structure is an extreme example of deep black, near-black detail and pinpricks of light. The presentation may be SDR but it's completely dynamic.
These days, HD and HDR are no longer mutually exclusive. Star Trek Discovery (Netflix) is presented in Dolby Vision HDR, but the source resolution is 1080p. It's the first example of this broadcasting hybrid we've seen, but it certainly won't be the last. Thankfully, as a viewing experience, the combination looks spectacular.
Star Trek: Discovery uses plenty of vibrant, creative lighting effects, tailor made for HDR presentation. Early episode ‘Context is for Kings' opens with Michael Burnham (Sonequa Martin-Green) in transit on board a shuttlecraft. The interior lighting glows bright, colors are vivid and the detail is high. You'd never guess the LG's picture wasn't native 4K.
That said, it's worth noting that the G7's handling of SDR content isn't as effective as the object-based HDR remastering used by Sony, which still leads the field in naturalistic SDR-to-HDR conversion. Background uniformity, as you'd expect from an emissive display, however, is excellent.
Motion handling can be an issue. Both the Smooth and Clear TruMotion modes suffer from overt interpolation artifacts, identified as smudges around moving objects. The best solution is probably the User TruMotion setting, which can be optimized for TV shows (try Dejudder 0, De-blur 8) or sports (Dejudder 4, Deblur 10) – or otherwise off completely.
HD/SDR Performance TL;DR: 1080p HD doesn't equate to visual compromise on this big screen. LG's 10-bit OLED panel does a sublime job upscaling HD to 4K, while extreme contrast and color vibrancy keep things pretty.
4K/HDR Performance
Like the rest of the 7-Series OLEDs, the screen is certified Ultra HD premium, but that doesn't tell the whole story: It's both HDR10 and Dolby Vision compatible, with HLG broadcast support ready to go when content appears.
There's also Technicolour HDR in the wings, which will manifest itself as a viewing preset with a firmware update at some point. LG also employs its own Active HDR technology, although exactly what this contributes isn't entirely clear.
Fine detail and HDR dynamics are equally impressive ... if you set the screen up right. To ensure absolute fidelity, ensure that the Just Scan setting is On rather than set to Auto in the Aspect ratio menu. Otherwise you could well encounter patterning over minuscule detail.
Image presets are comprised of Standard, Eco, Cinema, Sports, Game, HDR Effect, Vivid and ISF Bright room/Dark room modes. Standard is the best choice for everyday viewing in rooms with moderate ambient light. The set automatically upgrades presets for HDR content.
Speaking of, HDR highlights are pleasingly bright. The screen tone maps content mastered at 1000 nits with barely any black level crushing.
We measured peak luminance, with a 5 per cent window, at 735 cd/m2 (aka nits) on the Standard image preset. This is considerably brighter than 2016 LG OLEDs and close to our sweet spot for dynamic, non-fatiguing viewing. A Full field of SDR white, for comparison, was measured at 138 cd/m2.
What does that all mean? Basically, the color space is wide, aided by relatively high peak brightness. This all adds up to some wonderful Ultra HD imagery.
The Netflix original Okja (4K Dolby Vision) is ripe with visual pleasures for this LG to exploit. For example, the detail held in the titular super-pig's eyes, revealed in close up as their young keep whispers in their ear, is eerily realistic. The texture and nuance in the character's hide is also remarkable.
The Dolby Vision HDR approach to Marvel's Jessica Jones (Netflix) is rather more subtle, using street lights and sunlight to give a naturalistic look to this superhero drama. For the best results, keep Dynamic Contrast on Low and set Super Resolution Low or Medium.
4K/HDR Performance TL;DR: With punchy multi-flavored HDR, sumptuous fine detail and vibrant, wide color, the G7 OLED is a cracking UHD performer.
Sound
Sonically, the G7 OLED is a bit of a maestro. The integrated soundbar is fulsome and goes fittingly loud. Rather confusingly, LG describes it as a 4.2 channel system, although it never sounds anything other than stereophonic – the wall of sound it produces is the equal of most standalone low-to-midrange soundbars.
Intriguingly, there's an integrated Dolby Atmos decoder onboard the G7, for use with sources that deliver Atmos in a Dolby Digital Plus container.
At the moment that's limited to a token offering from Netflix. To create anything useful from this, the bitstream needs to be streamed over HDMI ARC into a Dolby Atmos compatible sound system (an AV receiver is the obvious recommendation). Left for the TV to decode and deliver, it sounds no different to any other content, which is basically two-channel.
Sound Quality TL;DR: Thin screens typically warrant a sonic upgrade, but that's not the case here. The integrated 60W sound system is a cut above the competition, however you'll need to upgrade to an Atmos AV receiver if you want to make the most of the built-in Dolby Atmos decoder.
Other panels to ponder...
There's a surfeit of top TVs available at the high-end, so this LG faces stiff competition. Its biggest rival is probably the astonishing Sony A1 OLED. This innovative screen uses Acoustic Surface Technology (the screen radiates sound) to give audio a boost, and image quality is sensationally good, notably with uprated SDR content. It's also Dolby Vision compatible.
LG itself offers several TVs which undercut the G7 on price. If you don't need the G7's premium trappings and fancy soundbar, then LG's B7 OLED and E7 OLED models both offer comparable image quality for a good deal less cash.
Verdict
Viewing doesn't get more lux than LG's G7. Picture quality is undeniably impressive thanks to its pristine black level performance, a vibrant colour palette and effective HDR make for breathtaking viewing. The provision of Dolby Atmos is a bonus, although until Netflix ramps up its Atmos output, it's of limited use, and you will need an exterior Atmos sound system to take full advantage.
Admittedly, LG's cheaper OLED variants offer serious competition, as they're built around the same panel and image engine, while Sony's A1 and Panasonic's 4KPro TX-65EZ952B both edge ahead in some areas of image fidelity.
With the G7, LG has produced a screen of unique beauty. As a celebration of UHD, this Signature Series set is utterly joyful.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Scranton Times, Oct. 7, 1942
Man gets jail for not returning horse
William Enslin of Lake Ariel was found guilty in Lackawanna County Court of a charge of larceny.
According to the court, Enslin was given a horse to care for by Hayden Tingley of New Milford. Enslin refused to return the horse. Tingley, as bailee, asked for Enslin to be charged with not returning the horse.
President Judge Will Leach sentenced Enslin to eight months in county jail and a $1 fine.
Army Air Force starts recruit drive
The need for experienced radio operators, mechanics and mechanically inclined men is so great that the Army Air Force started a special recruiting campaign in Scranton.
The Army Air Force campaign station was in the Chamber of Commerce Building. The requirements for service included: between ages 18 and 44; pass an Army physical examination for field service; and be a qualified radioman.
Hudson Coal trying to clean water
Cadwallader Evans of the Hudson Coal Co. said the company was experimenting with methods to clean the water used in the mining process. This dirty water ends up in local streams and rivers.
Evans said the company was trying to find a solution because the water is filled with mine silt, which gets deposited into the stream beds and led to flooding.
BRIAN FULTON, library
manager, oversees The Times-Tribune's expansive digital and paper archives and is an authority on local history.
Contact Brian at bfulton@timesshamrock.com or
570-348-9140.
The Show: Ontario 150 commercial
The Moment: The back-patting
As a Toronto indie band sings the Ontario theme song “A Place to Stand,” we meet five characters, nonactors recreating versions of their real-life stories: A Syrian refugee in a head scarf packs their belongings; a gay man sits sadly at a kitchen table while their parents discuss them in the next room; an Ojibway teenager plants a tree with their father; a Vietnamese man holding a photo boards a plane; a newborn is cuddled by its African-Canadian parents.
Next we see them in Ontario: The gay man stands on a street with a rainbow flag; the Ojibway teen studies in a library; the Syrian girl meets their school class.
Then we see them succeed: The Ojibway teen leads a forestry crew; the gay man has a date; the Vietnamese man enjoys a meal with relatives. Finally they watch fireworks as the words “A place for all of us” appear onscreen.
THE MAXIM that successful sides invariably buy from a position of strength has certainly rung true for many of England's leading sides over the years.
Back in the Seventies, Liverpool – and also Nottingham Forest towards the end of that decade – were past masters at making key additions to their squads when they were in a rich vein of form.
That same principle has been apparent, albeit lower down at Rotherham United during a flourishing start to 2018.
While most Yorkshire clubs were eager to cast aside and draw a line under their January blues, the Millers could not get enough of the opening month to 2018 and have filled their boots to propel themselves into the top six in League One on the back of a fine nine-match unbeaten sequence, which has made their rivals sit up and take notice.
In a bid to inject further momentum, keep standards sky-high and build a winning culture, the Millers have made some choice January additions, with two of them in midfielder Matt Palmer and loan striker Caolan Lavery eyeing debuts in this afternoon's home game with AFC Wimbledon.
That said, given that their new team-mates head into the game on the back of a run of six wins in their past nine matches and no losses, they might just have to bide their time today.
But it has also had the effect of reminding those currently in possession of first-team jerseys that they must continue to perform to retain them.
On a win-win situation, manager Paul Warne said: “Matty Palmer came in and Newelly (Joe Newell) said: ‘How did we manage to get him?' They were a bit, like, surprised. Maybe ‘surprised' is the wrong word. They were pleasantly shocked that we had signed him.
“The quality of player we have brought in is good. It is not like we have brought in players just to sit on the bench. They have come in to compete.
“It has given the lads who are in the team a bit of a jolt. They are looking over their shoulders. The new boys are good lads. They have fitted in straightaway.
“I have got rid of the lads who are not going to play a part. We are stronger for the signings.
“New faces are exciting for the fans to see. It is good to have different people at the training ground.
“From a coaching point of view, it makes you revisit your trigger points, like our pressing and this and that.
“Because there are new faces in the room, it makes you go through it all again, which re-educates the lads. That is good for us.”
Warne has revealed that highly-rated young midfielder Ben Wiles may be loaned to a National League side to continue their footballing education after they failed to move on deadline day.
Warne explained: “We tried to get Ben out but nothing suitable materialised. Because of their age, we might be able to get them out to the National League now the window has shut. We need them to play games because I see them playing a big part at this club in the future.
“He needs to be playing football. We will still endeavour to get them out on loan.”
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has explained why £31million summer signing Victor Lindelof was left out of the squad for Sunday's win over West Ham, report the Manchester Evening News.
Lindelof was demoted from the United squad for the Premier League opener against West Ham having struggled on their debut against Real Madrid in the Super Cup on Tuesday.
Eric Bailly and Phil Jones were suspended for that tie but returned to the starting line-up as United walloped the Hammers 4-0 at Old Trafford to propel them to the top of the Premier League.
Lindelof watched on from the directors' box and their fiancee sent an irate tweet to trolls abusing them over their absence, but Mourinho dismissed misgivings over Lindelof and compared them with former Chelsea stalwart Ricardo Carvalho.
"I think Real Madrid was too early for him," Mourinho said. "He played because Jones and Bailly were both suspended.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I have players coming from different leagues to the Premier League and normally it's not easy. The difference between Lukaku and Matic is exactly that, they have years and years of the Premier League.
"I brought in 2004 a phenomenal central defender to England in Carvalho, they were one of the best central defenders in the last decade of the Premier League, but they struggled, it was difficult for them to come and adapt to the beginning and I think Victor needs a little bit of time and he's going to have that time.
"Mkhitaryan is not a defender and last season they needed their time, so let's go step by step, because Victor is a fantastic player."
(Image: @majanilsson/Twitter)
Mourinho played down the significance of United's opening victory having taken them to the summit in their league opener at Bournemouth a year ago.
"Last season we were also top of the league with goals in the first match and we finished sixth," they added. "So this means, it is clear, it just means that we played well and with confidence levels really high and now our challenge is to keep, not this level of result, but is to keep these confidence levels.
"I think we, as I told, we can be a better team than we were last season. Second transfer window for us, now 13 months of work together, so we have better conditions to be better."
New York • The first trailer for "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" has dropped, showcasing a Luke Skywalker who just might be flirting with the dark side.
Director Rian Johnson unveiled a teaser at the "Star Wars Celebration" fan event in Orlando, Florida, on Friday. After he, producer Kathleen Kennedy and the cast chatted for an hour with host Josh Gadd, Johnson premiered a brief trailer for the much-anticipated next chapter in the "Star Wars" saga.
The footage offered few clues but notably featured Mark Hamill's Skywalker intoning from a dark cave that "it's time for the Jedi to end."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who managed to escape the first eruption of Vesuvius in 79 AD died after being crushed beneath a huge boulder.
Archeologists working at the ancient Roman city of Pompeii, Italy, found the man's remains almost 2,000 years after they died.
They believe the man, who appeared to be aged about 30, was caught beneath a block of stone hurled by an explosive volcanic cloud.
The revelations come after new excavations at the site.
Remarkable pictures show a skeleton pinned beneath the stone.
(Image: Italian Ministry for Arts and Culture)
The impact crushed the top of the man's body.
Their head might still be buried beneath the block of stone.
It appears that the man survived the first phase of the eruption and fled along an alley.
But there they were hit by the massive stone block -- perhaps a doorjamb -- possibly hurled at them by the force of the pyroclastic flow.
According to CNN, Massimo Osanna, general director of the Archaeological Park of Pompeii, said: "This discovery has shown the leaps in the archaeological field.
(Image: Italian Ministry for Arts and Culture)
"The team on site are not just archaeologists but experts in many fields; engineers, restorers and (have) the technical tools like drones and 3D scanners.
"Now we have the possibility to rebuild the space as it once was. This is the first time an excavation happens with all of these tools. In the 1800s and 1900s, they dug in the area where we found the skeleton, but they did not go as deep as we did.
"Because of the experts we had, we knew how to do it."
Former USC (Southern California) gynecologist may have assaulted as many as 52 women: Police
ABC NEWS – At least 52 women have come forward with allegations of sexual abuse against a former campus doctor at the University of Southern California, police said Tuesday.
The former patients of Dr. George Tyndall have accused the ex-USC gynecologist of various forms of sexual misconduct, according to the Los Angeles Police Department, which said the scope of its investigation spans more than three decades.
The LAPD, which encouraged victims to call its sexual assault hotline, said it expects more women to come forward.
Tyndall's “behaviors and practices appear to go beyond the norms of the medical profession and gynecological examinations,” said Beatrice Girmala, director of the LAPD special operations department.
“We want to personally outreach to those who may have been impacted and believe that have been the victim of criminal conduct by Dr. Tyndall,” they added.
The women's accounts came in the wake of lawsuits filed against the school and Tyndall by current and former students who've accused the doctor of molesting patients over several decades. At least six women have sued the university.
One of the suits claimed USC ignored complaints that Tyndall, 71, allegedly made crude remarks, took inappropriate photographs and groped patients to “satisfy their own prurient desires.” The alleged incidents took place between 1990 and 2016, according to the LAPD.
Tyndall, who worked at a USC student health clinic for 30 years, resigned last year.
People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles on Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual battery and sexual harassment. The Associated Press
University of Southern California student Daniella Mohazab, center, speaks at a news conference at the office of their attorney, Gloria Allred, left, Tuesday May 22, 2018, in Los Angeles. Mohazab, a USC student seeking a master's degree in communications. The Associated Press
People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual battery and sexual harassment. The Associated Press
They denied wrongdoing in interviews with the Los Angeles Times. It was unclear if they had obtained an attorney as of Wednesday morning.
USC's board of trustees said last week that it would form a special committee and hire outside counsel to independently investigate the womens' claims.
“The behavior exhibited by the former physician was reprehensible, and we will hold people accountable if we find they failed to report or take action to ensure the well-being and safety of patients and students,” the board said last week. “To those affected, we are deeply sorry.”
The university has faced criticism since the L.A. Times reported earlier this month that complaints about the doctor's behavior had been ignored for years.
USC President C.L. Max Nikias agreed to step down last week after at least 200 faculty members signed a letter calling for their resignation.
“We have heard the message that something is broken and that urgent and profound actions are needed,” USC board chairperson Rick Caruso said in a letter to students and faculty.
PAWNEE, Okla. (AP) — Two earthquakes have struck in the area of northern Oklahoma that was rattled last year by the largest earthquake in state history.
The U.S. Geological Survey says the back-to-back earthquakes hit Monday morning near Pawnee, 2 hours south of Wichita.
The USGS says the quakes had magnitudes of 3.2 and 3.3 and there are no reports of injuries or damage.
In September, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck Pawnee and caused widespread property damage. Scientists have linked Oklahoma's recent spate of earthquakes to oil and gas production, and state regulators have issued new regulations on the practice of injecting wastewater into underground disposal wells.
College basketball fans around America celebrated an upset for the ages Friday night, when a No. 16 seed in the NCAA Men's Division I Tournament defeated a No. 1 seed for the first time.
But Springfield had its own Cinderella story, too. The Springfield College Pride, who represent the campus where the sport was born, not only reached the NCAA men's Division III Tournament but clawed their way all the way to its Final Four.
On the grander scale of Division I, the University of Maryland-Baltimore County (UMBC) shocked Virginia and the basketball world with Friday's 74-54 victory in March Madness. UMBC was a No. 16 regional seed in the tournament - the lowest placing allowed, based on the tournament committee's judgment of each team's strength - and Virginia was No. 1 and a popular choice to win the national championship.
No team seeded 16th had beaten a No. 1 seed in 135 previous tries. The upset thrilled fans of the underdog and brought positive attention to a quality Maryland school that many fans had never heard of before this game.
But what about our quality school? Springfield College was the 64th and final team chosen for the field in Division III, an underrated level that does not enjoy the exposure or revenue of Division I but offers pure competition by student-athletes in the traditional sense.
The Pride seized their opportunity by defeating four favored opponents to reach the Division III Final Four for the first time in school history. (Springfield had actually played in the 1940 tournament of what is now NCAA Division I, but college basketball was much, much different in those days.) Coach Charlie Brock's team lost a 90-78 overtime semifinal to Nebraska Wesleyan, which went on to win the national championship, but that hardly put a damper on a memorable season.
Even former University of Massachusetts coach John Calipari, who is busy trying to win an NCAA Division I title at Kentucky, made sure to send Brock and the Pride a congratulatory tweet.
Springfield College is more than simply where Dr. James Naismith created their world-changing invention in 1891. It offers the most diversified curriculum in its history, and its campus (and its basketball team) are home to students from both Western Massachusetts and beyond.
In the 1990s, the college faced a difficult choice: commit to the higher level of Division I sports, play in Division II (where American International College competes) or choose the Division III level, where athletic scholarships are not offered. Despite pressure from some sources to either "go big time" or at least play in Division II, SC opted for Division III.
That allowed the college to retain its wide diversity of men's and women's sports, rather than pouring its resources and revenue into football and basketball while being forced to neglect or drop others, as Division I athletic programs sometimes must.
That commitment to all of its student-athletes remains today, and is the beauty of Division III, where high-quality basketball is played without the glare of major media or huge crowds. That Springfield College turned its 64th bid in a 64-team field to a spot in the Final Four is a Cinderella story that should not be overlooked.
James Naismith would be proud. So should basketball fans throughout the region, who have been reminded that basketball's birthplace is also home to outstanding student-athlete play in 2018, more than a century after the sport was born on its campus.
This is where you can leave your polite comments and music suggestions for the next show! I tend to keep my picks to under 6 minutes, but feel free to suggest what you like.
We love when you post links to videos for the songs you suggest. Please make sure to check the lyrics to make sure they are clean.
A stream flows through the toe of Kaskawulsh glacier in Canada. In 2016, this channel allowed the glacier's meltwater to drain in a different direction than normal, resulting in the Slims River water being rerouted to a different river system. ( Dan Shugar )
A team of scientists Monday documented what they're describing as the first case of large-scale river reorganization as a result of human-caused climate change. They found that in mid-2016, the retreat of a very large glacier in Canada's Yukon territory led to the rerouting of its vast stream of meltwater from one river system to another — cutting down flow to the Yukon's largest lake, and channelling freshwater to the Pacific Ocean south of Alaska, rather than to the Bering Sea. The researchers dubbed the reorganization an act of “rapid river piracy,” saying that such events had often occurred in the Earth's geologic past, but never before, to their knowledge, as a sudden present-day event. They also called it “geologically instantaneous.” “The river wasn't what we had seen a few years ago. It was a faded version of its former self,” said lead study author Daniel Shugar of the University of Washington, Tacoma of the Slims River, which lost much of its flow due to the glacial change. “It was barely flowing at all. Literally, every day, we could see the water level dropping, we could see sandbars popping out in the river.” The study was published in Nature Geoscience. Shugar conducted the study with researchers from six different Canadian and U.S. universities.
Article Continued Below
The study found that the choking of the Slims River in turn deprived Kluane Lake, the largest body of water in the Yukon Territory. The lake level was at a record low last August, and two small communities that live on the lake may now have to adjust to the lower water levels. “The Kluane lake level dropped last year and is likely to continue dropping,” Shugar said. “If it drops enough that the lake level is below its other outlet, at the north end, it becomes what is called a closed basin. That will have changes to the chemistry, the structure of the lake, the biology.” The precipitating event for all of this happened in summer 2016, when meltwater from the retreating Kaskawulsh glacier burst through a channel of ice, suddenly draining a glacial lake that had fed Slims River and directing waters into a different river that ultimately heads south toward the Gulf of Alaska. Previously, these waters had ultimately fed into the vast Yukon river, which empties on Alaska's west coast.
The researchers found only a minuscule probability that the retreat of Kaskawulsh glacier — which retracted by nearly half a kilometre from 1956 to 2007 — could have occurred in what they called a “constant climate.” They therefore inferred that the events in question could be attributed to human-caused climate change. The beneficiary of the change, in hydrologic terms, is the Alsek River, known for its whitewater rafting. It saw far higher flows than normal as a consequence — and empties eventually into the Gulf of Alaska, which should now be seeing a new infusion of freshwater. It's important to underscore the scale of the changes this represents: The Kaskawulsh glacier is around 4.8 kilometres wide at its front, or “toe.” The river it used to fuel, the Slims River, had a floodplain a 1.5 kilometres wide and a flow that ranged from .3 to .6 kilometres in width. The lake that it fed — Kluane Lake — is 72 kilometres long and more than 250 feet deep in places. Now, all of this is changing. These events have occurred in a relatively sparsely populated wilderness area, and so will not have ramifications for large human populations — but they give a sense of just how dramatic and sudden climate-linked changes can be. Similarly, recently mountain glacier changes in the Bolivian Andes have created the risk of dangerous outburst floods that could imperil communities below them. The current study represents “a great example of a threshold response to warming over the last century-and-a-half,” said Ken Tape, an Arctic ecologist at the University of Alaska, Fairbanks, who was not involved in the research. “The glacier has been retreating gradually, but at a threshold encountered in summer 2016, the drainage abruptly changed in a matter of weeks and completely reorganized downstream ecosystems.” Tape cautioned that “most glaciers, when they retreat, do not have downstream consequences as dramatic as in the case presented here. Flows increase or decrease commensurate with glacier mass balance, but rivers are not usually lost or gained in the process, and change is more gradual.” The Kaskawulsh glacier, at only 60 degrees north latitude, is in a relatively temperate region well below the Arctic circle, helping to make it particularly susceptible to climate change. The researchers provided measurements suggesting that just before the river reorganization, the glacier was experiencing quite warm temperatures for the springtime, which seems to have triggered a large burst of meltwater. Shugar said that the researchers do not expect the glacier and the river system that depends on it to flip back — rather, it has entered a new state. “We did some preliminary estimates of what it would take for the Slims River to be reestablished,” said Shugar, “and it seems unlikely to occur in the current climate.”
Read more about:
Woman Offered $200,000 to File Sex Charges on Trump Video – Bill Still
Well, here it comes. The desperate Democrats are getting set up now for their final push in their weak attempt to bounce Pres. Trump out of office. They have gotten rid of two of their most problematic members of Congress in hopes that this will set a sufficient precedent in the public mind too then use it against Trump.
The latest Trump accuser is a woman named Summer Zervos, a contestant on The Apprentice in 2005. Last Tuesday, December 5, Zervos appeared in New York City with – guess who – Atty. Gloria Allred.
Zervos claims that Trump kissed them 12 years ago on the lips without their consent – twice – no less. And on the second occasion, they grabed their shoulder, placed their other hand on their breast, and pressed themselves against them In the B.O. era (before Obama), this would have met with the swift justice of a good slap in the face — UNLESS – the woman was there in their Beverly Hills hotel room to get something for herself. Well, what do you know, she's already admitted that they were there to try to get a job.
Video Source
Really? Is this the best the Deep State can dredge up?
Trump has called them allegations:
”… false smears for personal fame, [and] total lies.” Consequently, Zervos is suing President Trump for defamation in New York for this Trump's shocking rejoinder to their shocking allegations about a big, shocking 12-year-old nothing if you ask me.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Usha Deaf IPL 2017: AICAD XI emerge winners of the tournament
Team AICAD XI emerged victorious by 2 wickets and lifted the Usha Deaf IPL 2017 Trophy.
by Archit Srivastava News 15 Feb 2017, 15:15 IST
Team AICAD XI with the USHA Deaf IPL 2017 trophy
What's the story?
Usha International, one of India's leading consumer durables company continued its association with All India Cricket Association for the Deaf (AICAD) and Deaf Cricket Federation, Punjab for the second edition of Usha Deaf IPL. A three-day tournament held between February 8 & 10, 2017, whose final took place at Lovely Professional University, Phagwara was won by the AICAD XI.
“Usha International is proud to be associated with such a wonderful endeavour in its second season. We at Usha care for people and are committed to promote sports and an active lifestyle, across all demographics and help to provide a platform not only to the youth but also for the differently abled sports enthusiasts.
“With more than 250 hearing and speech impaired cricketers from India and abroad participating this year, we are honoured to be part of such an endeavour,” said Ms. Komal Mehra, Events Head, Usha International.
In case you didn't know...
The first edition of Deaf IPL was held in 2014. More than 250 deaf cricketers from India and countries like the United Kingdom, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Nepal participated this year and proved that they are no less than a non-deaf cricketer.
Video: What happens when normal fans play blind cricket
The heart of the matter
The Final match was played between AICAD XI and Ravi XI. Team AICAD XI emerged victorious by 2 wickets and lifted the Usha Deaf IPL 2017 Trophy.
After winning the toss, AICAD XI chose to bowl and restricted Ravi XI to a score of 112, picking up 7 wickets in 20 overs. Karan Vinde from AICAD XI took 3 wickets in 3 overs and leaked only 12 runs. Chasing the target, Kareemuddin and T.Harikrishna from AICAD XI scored 25 runs each. Pankaj Kumar from Ravi XI took 4 wickets in 4 overs.
Abhishek Singh of Ravi XI was selected as the Man of the Match and the Man of the Series for their outstanding performances in the match and throughout the tournament.
Binay Kumar Jha Chief Commissioner Income Tax, Ludhiana graced the occasion as the chief guest.
Six teams participated in the tournament, namely Satluj XI, Ravi XI, Chenab XI, Beas XI, Jhelum XI and AICAD XI. A total of 250 players from 23 states, participated in the tournament. and many of these players have also represented India as part of the Indian Deaf cricket team.
What's next?
26 probable for Deaf Asia Cup 2017 to be held in Hyderabad starting from February 25 were also announced later in the evening. A list of total 42 players was made and taken up for the camp from where players were shortlisted for the Deaf Asia Cup and for the Deaf World Cup 2017 expected to happen at the end of the year.
Sportskeeda's take
The tournament was a brilliant platform for the deaf cricketers to show their skills. Hopefully, the Indian deaf team will follow on the footsteps of India blind cricket team, who recently won the T20 World Cup for blinds, defeating Pakistan in the final.
Video: How is blind cricket played?
A ban on bump stocks, which the Las Vegas shooter may have used to boost the death toll as they fired away from a suite in a high-rise hotel at a concert crowd below, is gathering bipartisan momentum at the Massachusetts State House.
A day after Gov. Charlie Baker said they would sign a ban, Massachusetts House and Senate Republicans said they also back a prohibition on bump stocks and "trigger cranks," with possible life imprisonment for people who violate the ban.
Bump stocks and trigger cranks allow automatic rapid fire for rifles and shotguns, according to supporters of a ban.
"We want to outlaw these devices and prevent anyone from trying to circumvent the automatic weapons laws of our state," said Bruce Tarr, a Gloucester Republican and the minority leader in the state Senate.
"Many members of my caucus are ready to move forward and invite others to support this bill," they added. "The bill makes using a device to cause the rapid fire of a weapon illegal and it will subject an offender to a potential of life in prison."
House Speaker Robert DeLeo, D-Winthrop, indicated they want to move quickly as a spokesperson told the State House News Service they're aiming to fast-track a ban.
House Minority Leader Brad Jones, a North Reading Republican, said the state already has the "strictest gun laws in the nation" and a bump stock ban would "close a significant loophole" spotlighted by the massacre in Las Vegas.
"Bump stocks serve no legitimate purpose, and this bill will see to it that these deadly devices are banned in Massachusetts," they said in a statement.
NRA calls for regulations on 'bump stocks,' rapid-fire devices
Rep. David Linsky, a Natick Democrat, has filed their own bill earlier this week.
The Gun Owners Action League, a Massachusetts group linked to the National Rifle Association, has not formally weighed in with a stance on legislation, though they did post to Twitter the NRA's statement on gun stocks.
NRA statement on bumpstocks pic.twitter.com/xMkCrX4zgc -- GOAL (@GOALupdate) October 5, 2017
Ban on bump stocks, device used in Las Vegas shooting, proposed in Massachusetts
Head of Kyrgyzstan Soornbai Jeenbekov will make their first official visit to Uzbekistan . This was announced today at the briefing by the head of the Foreign Policy Department of the Presidential Administration Aizada Subakozhoeva.
According to her, the visit will take place on December 13 and 14.
Meetings of Sooronbai Jeenbekov with Uzbek President Shavkat Mirziyoyev in a narrow and extended format and Prime Minister Abdulla Aripov are planned.
«The visit will be a continuation of the active political dialogue that has developed between the two countries over the past year. The parties will exchange views on the prospects for the development of bilateral relations. Prior to the visit, it is planned to hold a trade and investment business session with the participation of entrepreneurs from the two countries,» Aizada Subakozhoeva said.
A number of documents are planned to be signed during the visit. In particular, the presidents will adopt a joint statement, an intergovernmental agreement on financial cooperation, an agreement on scientific and technical cooperation between the National Academy of Sciences of Kyrgyzstan and the Academy of Sciences of Uzbekistan, a plan for cooperation between ministries of emergency situations, a memorandum of understanding between the State Agency for Youth, Physical Culture and Sports and the Central Council of the Youth Union and an agreement between the customs services of the two countries.
With a new report suggesting that at least 4,700 people died as a result of Hurricane Maria, U.S. Rep. Richard Neal, D-Springfield, urged the Trump administration this week to make sure federal funds sent to Puerto Rico are used to secure health care infrastructure and reach those most in need.
The Springfield Democrat, who called the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health-funded report's results "staggering," noted that many of the deaths attributed to the hurricane related to a lack of health care available to the chronically ill and elderly.
That, they argued, is why it's necessary for the White House to ensure that federal funding supports infrastructure needed for utility services critical to the health care system.
"It is imperative that the Trump administration ensures federal funds are reaching those in need so that infrastructure that supports utility services critical to health care delivery is secure now and for the future," they said in a statement.
Neal, who has worked with other Massachusetts colleagues on Capitol Hill to secure the necessary federal response to help Americans impacted by September hurricanes, further pledged to continue such efforts.
"I will continue to stand with the people of Puerto Rico so they have what they need to recover and rebuild from Hurricane Maria and as they prepare for hurricane season right around the corner," they said.
The Harvard report out today regarding the death toll in #PuertoRico is staggering. My statement is below. pic.twitter.com/MhLpAmTDbS -- Rep. Richard Neal (@RepRichardNeal) May 29, 2018
The Harvard study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Tuesday, suggested that as many as 5,000 people died in Puerto Rico during Hurricane Maria and its aftermath -- 70 times the government's official death count of 64.
It attributed about a third of those deaths to limited access to medical care, noting that chronically ill patients are "particularly vulnerable to disruptions in basic utilities."
U.S. Sen. Ed Markey, D-Massachusetts, argued that the federal government's death count for Hurricane Maria "is either the result of shocking incompetence or a deliberate underestimation."
"Someone must be held accountable," they tweeted Wednesday.
Harvard study says Hurricane Maria killed as many as 5,000 people in Puerto Rico
Neal, who has faced criticism over their efforts to help Western Massachusetts residents impacted by the hurricanes, sat down with Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello in Washington last month to discuss the island's recovery efforts and challenges facing evacuees who have yet to return to their homes.
The member of congress also met with former Puerto Rico Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock and Ponce Mayor Mayita Melendez about the island's ongoing recovery efforts in April.
They traveled to the island with other members of Massachusetts' congressional delegation in January.
US Rep. Richard Neal seeks White House update on Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands hurricane recovery efforts
Following the trip, Neal asked Trump administration officials to provide an update on the federal government's efforts to restore electricity and other basic services in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, raising concerns that Republican leaders had fallen short in appropriating funds requested for recovery efforts.
EDMONTON—Women's health providers and advocates lauded the passing of a bill Wednesday that aims to keep harassing protesters away from women accessing abortions and staff who provide them. “They are helping women achieve a legal right and they have a right to do so in a respected, peaceful fashion. I am really glad that that's what we're going to achieve,” said Marie Gordon, a family lawyer and a longtime advocate on women's and abortion rights.
Marie Gordon, a longtime women's rights advocate, and Alberta's Health Minister Sarah Hoffman speak to reporters Wednesday after Bill 9 passed its third reading with almost unanimous consent. ( Claire Theobald / StarMetro Edmonton )
“We're proud to be a government that will stand up to protect women and ensure that when they're going to their doctor's appointments and they choose to access health care, they can do so without threats and intimidation,” said Sarah Hoffman, deputy premier and provincial health minister. Bill 9, the Protecting Choice for Women Accessing Health Care Act, passed its third reading with almost unanimous consent Wednesday, with only independent conservative MLA Derek Fildebrandt voting against after criticizing the bill for impeding on free speech. United Conservative Party members again walked out on the vote on Wednesday, refusing to participate in the debate as they have during prior readings of the bill, despite calls from Fildebrandt to “break the party whip and stand up.”
Article Continued Below
“Stand up, speak up and be counted,” implored Fildebrandt. Celia Posyniak, executive director of the Kensington Clinic in Calgary, one of three abortion providers in Alberta, expressed their disappointment that members of the Legislative Assembly would refuse to take part in the debate. “We are very disheartened, even offended, to see a bunch of middle-aged men walk out and refuse to even engage,” said Posyniak. “That was pretty sad for us.” Their protest, however, couldn't temper their relief in seeing a bill passed that would protect their staff and patients from harassment. “We are thrilled with this government and that finally, somebody listened to us and did the right thing,” Posyniak said.
Advocates have been calling for increased protections after what Gordon described as “years and years and years of bullying and harassment, and very destructive tactics, really appalling tactics that make people feel that they are doing something wrong.” “There are days we have patients in there who are especially vulnerable in very difficult situations, who have had to make very heartbreaking decisions about their health and their pregnancies. To have somebody out there with a ‘stop murdering babies' sign or accosting them as they walk in is very heartbreaking,” said Posyniak.
Article Continued Below
The bill will create a 50-metre buffer zone outside abortion clinics where dissenters are not allowed to protest, intimidate or interfere with patients or staff. It also bans anyone from taking photos or video of patients or staff within the zone without their consent, and it makes it illegal to share such images with the intent of dissuading people from accessing or providing abortions. Penalties for individuals found breaching the act can reach $10,000 and a year in prison, while corporations found responsible could be fined up to $100,000. Abortion was removed from the Criminal Code of Canada in 1988, but Gordon said the fight for access “never ends.” “This fight continues,” said Gordon. “This gallery is full of people who fought for decades to obtain this right and to keep on protecting women's rights. It's just going to go on, we're never going to give up.” “It's a surprise that we had to fight for this and there are people still opposed to protecting women,” said Posyniak, saying the passage of Bill 9 will mean patients and providers “finally got the protection that we deserve.” Claire Theobald is an Edmonton-based reporter who covers crime and the courts. Follow them on Twitter: @clairetheobald
Read more about:
MIAMI — A Florida nightclub that was shut down after a scantily clad woman rode bareback on a white horse through a crowd will be allowed to reopen.
A Miami Beach code official ruled Monday the city should reinstate the Mokai Lounge's business license after its owners acknowledged five violations and agreed to pay $12,150 in fines. The club also will make a $10,000 donation to Peaceful Ridge Horse Rescue and promises no more animals will be used in the club.
The city suspended the club's license earlier this month, a day after video went viral showing the woman riding the horse inside the club. As the animal moved through the crowded space, it appeared to panic, and the woman fell off. No injuries were reported to humans or the horse.
By The Associated Press
WILLINGEN, Germany — Daniel Andre Tande of Norway defeated overall leader Richard Freitag to win their first ski jumping World Cup of the season on Saturday.
Tande soared 148 metres with their first jump and 146.5 with their second for 261.3 points to edge Freitag by 0.8 points. The German had jumps of 149.5 and 141.5 metres.
Dawid Kubacki of Poland was third after jumps of 145 and 139.5 metres, followed by teammate Kamil Stoch and Andreas Wellinger of Germany.
With eight events including Sunday's World Cup remaining, Freitag leads on 817 points, followed by Stoch on 783, Wellinger on 710, and Tande on 665.
Arizona Governor Helped Make State 'Wild West' For Driverless Cars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Risberg/AP Eric Risberg/AP
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey began a push three years ago to attract makers of self-driving cars to the state and actively wooed Uber away from California as a venue for testing those vehicles.
Shortly after their election in 2015, the governor signed an executive order supporting the testing and operation of self-driving vehicles that they said was about "innovation, economic growth, and most importantly, public safety."
Now the "public safety" part of that order has been thrown into question and Arizona's willingness to become a testing ground for emerging driverless vehicles has come into sharp focus after Sunday's incident in which a self-driving Volvo SUV operated by Uber struck and killed a 49-year-old woman who was walking their bicycle in Tempe.
As we reported Monday, the car was in autonomous mode at the time of the crash, around 10 p.m., but had a human riding in the passenger seat to take control if necessary. The incident is now under investigation.
The year after Ducey's executive order, Arizona seized on a chance to steal a bit of driverless thunder from Silicon Valley. California had just ordered Uber to stop testing its autonomous vehicles on the streets of San Francisco until it obtained the proper testing permits. Uber balked and Arizona stepped in.
"Arizona welcomes Uber self-driving cars with open arms and wide open roads," Ducey said in a statement in December 2016.
"While California puts the brakes on innovation and change with more bureaucracy and more regulation, Arizona is paving the way for new technology and new businesses," the Republican governor said.
For its part, Uber pledged to expand its self-driving pilot program in Arizona and said it was "excited to have the support of Governor Ducey."
Arizona has also welcomed other companies working on driverless technology, leading The Arizona Republic to proclaim last year that "With major testing by Waymo, Uber, General Motors, Ford and Intel, Arizona is more than holding its own in the race to attract the self-driving car industry."
The newspaper highlighted the fact that metro Phoenix was one of three places in the country that people could hail a ride in a self-driving Volvo from Uber (with human co-pilot) and that there were enough of them around the city that "their bulky rooftop sensors are now a common sight."
In 2016, Uber's self-driving cars were also made available to rider's in Pittsburgh, Pa. where regulatory barriers are also minimal.
But some safety advocacy groups have been less enthusiastic.
In a statement on Monday, the non-profit group Consumer Watchdog described Arizona as "the wild west of robot car testing."
The group said there is "no regulation in place," in the state. "That's why Uber and Waymo test there. When there's no sheriff in town, people get killed."
Despite the criticism, however, it is not yet clear exactly what went wrong on Sunday. The National Transportation Board and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration say they will investigate.
While the Tempe Police Department has declined to determine fault yet, the city's police chief, Sylvia Moir, told The San Francisco Chronicle that from viewing videos of the collision taken by the car's onboard cameras, "it's very clear it would have been difficult to avoid this collision in any kind of mode (autonomous or human-driven) based on how they came from the shadows right into the roadway."
Though it might sound like a fancy coffee drink, mocha diffusion is a little-known technique of ceramic surface decoration developed and used in the southwest of England. Through a reaction between acid and alkali, intricate veined patterns reminiscent of trees or ferns are created in this process. Pottery with mocha diffusion decoration is also referred to as mochaware.
Today I am sharing an excerpt from a video by the late Robin Hopper, in which they demonstrate how to do mocha diffusion, as well as their slip dotting technique. I have also posted more information and the slip recipe below, excerpted from Robin's classic book Making Marks. –Jennifer Poellot Harnetty, editor.
More on Mocha Diffusion
In this technique, thick slip is applied to wet or leather-hard clay (I prefer leather hard) that hasn't started to change color in drying. Then an acid/color mixture (or “tea”) is applied. Mochaware was traditionally made with both red and white earthenware, but may be done on almost any clay body at almost any temperature. From my experience, a smooth clay body with a high degree of ball clay or plastic kaolin, such as EPK, is the most ideal.
Various slip recipes are good, the most important ingredient being a high percentage of ball clay. A basic recipe, which will fit most bodies, and which can easily be colored with stains or various oxides, is shown at left. This slip is good on most clay bodies from Cone 04 to 12, in any atmosphere. The thickness should be like double cream, or room-temperature 10W30 motor oil.
Mocha Diffusion Acid/Color Mixture
The mixture that is used to form the patterns is called “mocha tea.” It was originally made by boiling tobacco leaves and forming a thick sludge that was then thinned with water and mixed with colorant. However, nicotine solutions are only one form of mild acid; many others will work, such as citric acid, lemon juice, urine, coffee or vinegar, particularly natural apple-cider vinegar. One of these would be mixed with colorant. Most colorants work quite well, although carbonates and stains are usually better than oxides, since they are typically a physically lighter precipitate than oxides. Heavy materials such as black copper oxide, black cobalt oxide and black iron oxide do not work well, because the acid can't adequately hold them in suspension. A ratio of about one heaping teaspoon of colorant to a quarter cup of mild acid is usually a good starting point. However, a good deal of individual testing has to be done to get the two liquids to work together to create significant dendritic formations or diffusions.
Mocha Diffusion Method
The leather-hard pot is dipped, brushed or poured with slip. While the surface is still wet, and before it has begun to lose its shine, the acid/color mix is dripped or trailed into it. It is best done using a well-loaded brush held just touching the slip. If the viscosity of the slip, and the acid/color mix is right then the feathering pattern will take place quite naturally, as the acid eats a fern-like pathway through the slip pulling the colorant with it. Traditionally, the surface is coated with a thin coat of clear glaze, or transparent colored glaze, but this might cause the color to bleed out or become absorbed into the glaze, particularly at temperatures above Cone 4. I prefer to use the technique on high-fired ware that does not need to be glazed. This is a technique that usually takes a while to get used to, but can give interesting results when used sensitively.
**First published in 2008
On takeout, the average American will spend…
According to a new study, the average American spends $1,175 a year ordering takeout and delivery which works out to about $70,000 in their lifetime. If you spend more than $100 a month on delivery, it might be more than that.
Here are five more stats about our food delivery habits…
1. 82% of people said they order food at least twice a month. Only 4% said they never order delivery.
2. 47% of us feel like we order food too much. And 52% feel guilty about it.
3. The top three reasons for ordering food are you're craving something specific . . . you're too LAZY to cook . . . and you don't have time.
4. 18% say they're worse at cooking than they used to be because of ordering too much food.
5. The most popular thing we order is pizza, which isn't surprising. The rest of the top five are French fries, burgers, fried rice, and egg rolls.
Click Here to see more.
For the first time in forever, the search for the real life Frozen princesses is over! Since Disney Theatrical Productions announced that it would be bringing the world's most beloved snowflake sisters to Broadway in Frozen's musical stage-adaptation, there has been much speculation over who would take the leading roles of Elsa and their younger sister Anna.
Now we can finally announce that Caissie Levy (Hair, Les Miserables and Ghost) will be playing Elsa and Patti Murin (Xanadu, Lysistrata Jones) will be playing Anna. Don't have a clue who either of these talented women are? Snow worries, here's everything you need to know about these sparkling #Frozen stage actors!
'Frozen' [Credit: Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures]
Say Hello To Caissie Levy Who'll Be Playing Elsa
Having wracked up an impressive number of Broadway appearances in productions of Hairspray, Hair, Wicked, Ghost, and Les Miserables. Caissie is no stranger to treading the boards and wowing people with their magical voice. Canadian born, Caissie ended up studying at New York's prestigious American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA) and from here went on to become well known in the upper echelons of the musical theatre world.
Don't believe us, just check out their mashup rendition of Frozen's 'Let It Go' and the Beatles 'Let it Be' above!
Frozen Will Mark Caissie's Return To Broadway After Having Them First Child
Giving birth to their first child in March of last year, Frozen will mark Caissie's return to the stage in the wake of the birth of their son — and what an epic role to make their grand entrance too! By the looks of it, their baby boy is already taking after their talented mother!
Caissie Can't Wait To Get Back To The Lights Of Broadway
Thanks so much for the crazy outpouring of love! Thrilled the news is finally out and can't wait to freeze it up in Denver & Broadway — Caissie Levy (@CaissieLevy) April 17, 2017
Thanking everyone for their support in the aftermath of their big news, Caissie took to their Twitter page to celebrate their new role and to let everyone know how incredibly excited they are to transform themselves into Elsa for the foreseeable future!
Meet Patti Murin, Frozen's Heart-Melting Anna
When Patti is not busy performing in the likes of Xanadu and Lysistrata Jones,she can usually be found working out, with their nose in a book, chilling with their dogs Petey & Milo or updating their blog (PattiMurin.blog). To understand why they were cast as Anna, you can see them performing an exquisite rendition of 'Love is an Open Door' which is Hans and Anna's duet in the movie above. Be prepared to be totally blown away.
Patti Murin Really Loves Inspirational Quotes
Patti is also a huge Yankees fan, and according to their Instagram account loves nothing more than their daily inspiration calendar which gives them motivational goals to try and achieve every day of the year.
Even when they begin to sound a little sinister, Patti still manages to see the positive elements of a good motivational quote:
You go girl, don't ever stop reaching for the stars and aiming to be your most authentic best self! There is no perfect, just be yourself, focus and you'll shine as Anna on the Broadway stage!
You might be obsessed with what the royals are wearing, but sometimes it's about what they're not wearing. Meghan Markle didn't wear pantyhose with their dress, so you can add that to the list of royal fashion rules that she's broken lately. Bearing your unclothed royal legs isn't necessarily a crime, but it does go against the Queen's fashion rules.
In the latest edition of "Meghan Markle broke a rule," the soon-to-be royal decided not to wear tights with their dress — yet again. They wore a gorgeous floral green Self Portrait dress and a black Alexander McQueen blazer, according to StyleCaster. They completed the look with a pair of black suede pumps.
The "problem" wasn't with what they wore, but what they didn't wear. As the publication pointed out, they didn't wear tights with their dress. According to fashion rules, women must wear something covering their legs at all times when in public. Markle either decided that they didn't want to or no one filled them in on the rule yet.
“You never see a royal without their nude stockings,” royal expert Victoria Arbiter told INSIDER. "I would say that's really the only hard, steadfast rule in terms of what the Queen requires.”
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
This isn't the first time that Markle decided to skip the tights. In fact, there aren't many times that they have worn something covering their legs. Unless, of course, you could the killer Alexander McQueen pantsuit that they rocked at the Endeavour Fund Awards. Other than that, she's decided to go sans tights with almost all of the dresses and pantsuits that she's worn.
Markle's first time breaking the royal fashion rule regarding tights was they very first public appearance. They stepped out with Prince Harry to announce their engagement in a gorgeous white jacket, a dress, and, as you might have guessed, no tights.
"You never see a royal without their nude stockings. Meghan, from what I can see from the engagement photographs, it doesn't look like they were wearing tights or stockings," Victoria Arbiter told INSIDER. "I would say that's really the only hard, steadfast rule in terms of what the Queen requires."
As their first public appearance, people thought maybe they just didn't know the rule. Now, it's more likely that they just doesn't like them.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
This isn't the only time that Markle has dodged the royal fashion rules, either. She's been seen rocking a messy bun on numerous occasions. While Twitter loves the look, but it does go against the Queen's rule to look polished at all time.
According to People, all royals must have their hair sleek at all times. Hence why you always see the Queen with perfect hair and Kate Middleton with sleek buns or perfect blowouts.
Let's also not forget the time that they wore a completely sheer topped dress for their engagement photos. They proved that not only is they the most fashion forward royal of them all, but she's also willing to push the boundaries when it comes to how they can and cannot dress.
There's no word on whether or not the Queen has a say in how Markle dresses or if she's had any sartorial conversations with the soon-to-be royal.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
It's quite possible that Markle is soaking in all the un-covered leg time that they can before the wedding. It will be interesting to see if they continue to go sans tights after the big day or if they conform to royal fashion rules. Ultimately, the choice will be Markle's, so all eyes will be on their legs for the royal wedding and beyond.
VICTORY! Court Finds Red Light Camera Fines ‘Unconstitutional'—Forces City to Refund ALL Tickets By Matt Agorist – The Free Thought Project
New Miami, OH — In a time where there are daily attacks on the US constitution, a glimmer of hope has arisen in New Miami, Ohio as the state appeals court ruled in the favor of the citizens. All drivers who were sent one of the town's ‘unconstitutional' speed camera tickets will be getting a refund thanks to a court system that protected freedom instead of the state.
The court ruled that the $3 million in fines stolen from drivers with no due process was all obtained illegally and they must now pay it back.
The Ohio Court of Appeals on Monday delivered a heavy blow to New Miami's attempt to block a court-ordered refund of $3,066,523 in speed camera citations. The village insisted that the lower court (view ruling) got it wrong and that the village should not be forced to pay back any amount on the grounds of sovereign immunity. Not so, said the unanimous three-judge panel. “While it is true that New Miami has the authority to enforce its traffic laws, it must do so in a constitutional manner,” Judge Michael E. Powell wrote for the appellate court. “New Miami does not have the authority to do so in an unconstitutional manner.”
The battle over speed camera tickets started six years ago in New Miami. After the citizens of New Miami woke up to the fact that their due process had been entirely removed by Optotraffic — a private vendor allowed to extort citizens with the blessing of New Miami politicians — the people fought back in the form of a class action lawsuit. Because drivers were simply mailed a ticket and told to pay it or else, this eliminated their due process as guaranteed by the constitution.
As Tech Dirt reports, “the lower court had problems with the lack of options made available to ticket recipients to challenge speeding tickets. It also had problems with New Miami's cozy relationship with the speed camera company, which provided free cameras in exchange for a percentage of collected fines. This fostered an unhealthy relationship between the two, leading to the town becoming most famous for being a speed trap. The company saddled New Miami with a minimum of 100 operating hours per camera each month. This led to a spike in tickets and a healthy thirst for continual cash infusions on the part of New Miami's governance.”
The greedy government—unwilling to let go of the $3 million—then took their case to the appeals court, who once again ruled in the favor of the constitution. The city government attempted to claim “sovereign immunity” noting that they should not be held liable for damages arising from a civil suit. However, the court found that refunding stolen money to extorted drivers is hardly the same as paying out monetary damages.
[P]laintiffs are seeking the recovery of the specific amount of penalties they paid pursuant to the unconstitutional ordinance and that were therefore wrongfully collected by New Miami. That is, Plaintiffs are seeking the return of specific monies that had once been in their possession and so belonged to them “in good conscience,” and thus have asserted a claim for the return of the very thing to which the class was allegedly entitled in the first place. Santos, 2004-Ohio-28 at ¶ 13-14. The action seeking restitution by Plaintiffs “is not a civil suit for money damages but rather an action to correct the unjust enrichment of” New Miami. Id. at ¶ 17. As the Ohio Supreme Court plainly held, “A suit that seeks the return of specific funds wrongfully collected or held by the state is brought in equity” and “is consequently not barred by sovereign immunity.”
After they lost their sovereign immunity claim, the city government attempted to claim they had the legal right to extort citizens with traffic cameras. The court agreed that traffic cameras are indeed legal, however, New Miami used them in an illegal and unconstitutional manner.
New Miami claims that this is not a case where Plaintiffs are seeking reimbursement for services rendered or money “wrongfully collected.” New Miami asserts that the penalties paid by Plaintiffs were not “wrongfully collected” because New Miami has the authority “to operate traffic programs and collect penalties for violation of traffic laws.” Apparently, it is New Miami's contention that because it has legal authority to collect penalties for violation of its traffic laws, Plaintiffs' claim is necessarily for money damages based upon a denial of due process in the collection of those penalties. While it is true that New Miami has the authority to enforce its traffic laws, it must do so in a constitutional manner. New Miami does not have the authority to do so in an unconstitutional manner.
While this is certainly a victory, if history is any indicator, the city—who has likely already spent the $3 million—will most likely appeal to a higher court. Hopefully, they will rule the same way.
As more people refuse to comply, these companies, who rely on corrupt and greedy politicians willing to sell out their citizens for a buck, will begin to fail. And, when they lose — freedom wins.
Source Link – The Free Thought Project
Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives them unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Agorist is also the Editor at Large at the Free Thought Project. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter Steemit , and now on Facebook.
Sharing is caring!
President Muhammadu Buhari has arrived Paris, France, for the One Planet Summit. At least 50 other world leaders are expected at the summit. The Nigerian leader arrived in the French capital on Monday evening after departing the Aminu Kano International Airport, Kano, earlier yesterday.
They were accompanied by governor Bindo Jibrilla of Adamawa state; their colleague in Kano state, Abdullahi Ganduje, and Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo state. The Ministers of Foreign Affairs and Environment also accompanied the president to Paris.
The world leaders at the summit are expected to make presentations based on the four sub-themes: Scaling-up Finance for Climate Action; Greening Finance for Sustainable Business; Accelerating Local and Regional Climate Action; and Strengthening Policies for Ecological and Inclusive Transition.
LOOK: Gamecocks announce uniforms for Arkansas game
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO) — On social media Friday, the Gamecocks announced their uniform combinations for Saturday's Arkansas game.
USC will go with the black helmets, garnet jerseys and black pants.
The Gamecocks face the Razorbacks at 4 p.m. at Williams-Brice Stadium.
AC Milan announce Abbiati return as club manager
Former goalkeeper Christian Abbiati has been appointed as the new club manager at AC Milan, providing a link between the team and board.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 21:45 IST
AC Milan goalkeeper Christian Abbiati
AC Milan have announced the return of goalkeeper Christian Abbiati, who has been appointed club manager at San Siro.
Abbiati spent 15 seasons as a Milan player before retiring at the end of the 2015-16 campaign, winning three Serie A titles and the Champions League in the 2002-03 campaign.
In a statement, Milan explained Abbiati will act as a link between Vincenzo Montella's team and the board, with Chinese group Sino-Europe Sports having completed a takeover in April.
"He will report directly to the club's sporting and technical director Massimiliano Mirabelli and will be the liaison between the team and the club," Milan said.
Preparations for the new season are well under way at Milan, with Montella having signed a new contract and the club bringing in Andre Silva from Porto on Monday as their fourth signing of the close-season.
The forward joined centre-back Mateo Musacchio, midfielder Franck Kessie and left-back Ricardo Rodriguez in moving to San Siro and Abbiati says Milan have bold ambitions after the club's spending spree.
"The Champions League has to be our goal for the season," Abbiati told Mediaset Premium.
"That has to be the launch point from which to start again. Last year they did good work and now we've started with a project to take us forward.
"We hope to do everything to reach fourth place."
ROANOKE, Va - Temperatures are off to another steamy start as the upper-80s and lower-90s stay with us on America's birthday. That heat and humidity will stay with us for the entirety of the Fourth.
Other than a stray storm late this afternoon and early evening, most of the area stays dry for grilling.
All of the area is dry for fireworks tonight.
Better rain chances arrive on Thursday and especially Friday as a cold front pushes through the area. sunshine increases for the weekend and more comfortable air returns for the third and fourth round of A Military Tribute at the Greenbrier.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Three members of Peterborough Atheltic Club have raced their way into the Guinness Book of Records.
Chloe Finlay, Steve Robinson and Dave Stunnell were part of the Royal Air Force team that shattered the world 100x10k relay record last week.
Steve Robinson.
Their attempt to break the record of 69 hours 6 minutes and 52 seconds took place at RAF Cosford and involved 100 different serving athletes.
And they absolutely smashed it by a staggering 4 hours 30 minutes and 30 seconds in a new time of 64:36:22.
Finlay ran their 10km in 39.48, Robinson in 33.55 and Stunell in 39.12.
The event was held as part of the RAF centenary celebrations.
David Stunell.
n Nene Valley athletes old and new battled the oppressive heat and troublesome pollen to register fine times in the Vitality London 10k on Monday, writes Barry Warne.
The start area on The Mall was full of coughing and spluttering runners, with the likely culprit being the many London plane trees in Green Park. These trees are notorious for the potency of their pollen, and a large number of runners were slowed by several minutes as a result of coughing and sneezing fits throughout the race.
Jordan Foster has been setting new standards every time she's raced this year, and they were at it again in the capital knocking 11 seconds off their previous fastest time, set at Eye just two weeks ago. Foster finished 54th senior lady in a time of 37.53.
Not only did they exceed their expectations in the race, but the happy Harrier had the privilege of chatting to Mo Farah in the elite area pre-race.
“I asked Sir Mo if he'd like to join Nene Valley Harriers, but they politely declined said Foster.
“As for the race, I was chuffed to run such a good time. I was finding it tough between miles four and five, but the heat didn't really affect me and I managed to keep it going.”
The event featured many of the country's top distance runners, and Chris Wright was in the thick of it.
Wright, who recently left Nene Valley due to a move to London, finished 14th in a new personal best (PB) of 30:40, within a minute of race winner Mo Farah.
Veteran Sean Beard had a fine run finishing inside the top 500 of a 17,000-strong field with a 37.53 clocking.
Former Peterborough AC man Glen Watts clocked 32:16 for 79th place while current member Simon Fell came home 274th in 35:17.
Fell was the 22nd Over 40 across the line while their wife Liz, who runs for Nene Valley, finished 45th Over 40 lady.
Nene Valley's Yvonne Scarrott was the 21st Over 50 lady while Roy Young of Eye Community Runners shattered their PB with a 44:43 clocking which placed them 11th Over 60.
n Nene Valley marathon man Daryl Coulter completed the Edinburgh Marathon in a time of 3:10.38 at the weekend.
Coulter has now raced the distance six times this year since their first outing in Essex on new year's day.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby is asking a federal appellate court to recognize one or several kinds of immunity afforded to them as a prosecutor, which would prevent five of the six officers charged in connection with the death of Freddie Gray from pursuing their lawsuits against them Mosby filed their opening brief in the ...
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a pick-up truck in Southam this weekend.
The crash happened on Saturday June 10 on the B4451 between Southam and Deppers Bridge just before 9.55am.
A BMW motorcycle and a black Mitsubishi pick-up truck were involved in the crash. The rider of the motorcycle was killed.
Investigating officers are appealing for any witnesses to the collision or anyone who may have seen the vehicles before hand.
Anyone with any information should contact Warwickshire Police on 101 and quote incident number 116 of June 10.
Brian Deffaa has joined LifeBridge Health as the system's first chief marketing officer. Deffaa will lead the development and execution of internal and external communications relating to marketing, branding and public relations.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
This email made my night:
I've been a Political Wire subscriber since you added the feature. I remember seeing Chuck Todd tweet the day you launched it that it was well worth the $50 and I couldn't agree more, even all these years later! I really have been enjoying the bonus posts model you've been using — and posts like this Trump one — smart analysis with good data points that I haven't seen anywhere else are a big part of the reason why.
I've worked in politics for almost 10 years and your site is consistently the one I turn to multiple times a day. Thank you!
Some people may not like the new “wayfinding” signs in Riverdale Park, but it seems that a lot more think they're just dandy. Our last column was about an email from Randy Brown, the executive director of Friends of Riverdale Park West, and their acute dislike of the new signs placed in the park as part of a city pilot project.
The new signs in Riverdale Park, part of a city pilot project encompassing a "wayfinding strategy" that extends far beyond parks, seems to meet with widespread approval from readers. ( JACK LAKEY FOR THE TORONTO STAR )
Brown described them as “ugly,” and said the city did not consult with the local community before installing them, adding they met with city officials involved in the project who would not explain themselves to him. The parks department gave us information that shows the city consulted with the public on the wayfinding project, which has been brewing since 2014, and that most people who took part in a survey approved of them. That had us wondering how Star readers feel about the signs, so we asked for comments and received upward of 20 emails, with only a couple that were critical.
Article Continued Below
Writer and teacher Beth Kaplan sent us a note taking issue with Brown's assertion that the city did not consult with the locals at Riverdale Park. “They put up several test panels and asked for feedback; city staff were around for extensive periods asking everyone who passed by what they thought, and taking notes,” said Kaplan. “These signs are not lovely but informative and useful. Let's move right along.” “I like those signs,” said Kirk LeMessurier, who identified themselves as a local resident. “I think they have a modern, clean feel and are attractive.” “As soon as I saw the headline I knew this had to be someone from Cabbagetown complaining,” said John Maynard. “If heritage committees in Cabbagetown are against the new signs, I am all for them!”
“I'm in the park at least twice a day with my dogs and I can't begin to tell you how many people I see consulting the signs,” said Dave Fraser. “Mr. Brown does not speak for all the neighbourhood. There are many of us who are grateful for the signs and were pleased to see them installed.” Lilian Hulme-Smith asked a good question: “Is there Braille on the signs, and does the coloring fall under what is within the best viewing range for people with low vision?”
Article Continued Below
Michael Reynolds was the only reader who agreed with Brown, saying, “they're terrible. Not in terms of function, but in terms of design execution.” “I think the signs are bright, easy to see and full of useful information,” said Tawnya Hallman. “While the colour may not be for everyone, is there a colour that is? “There are hardworking people behind projects like this in Toronto, who are smart, qualified and thoughtful. It bothers me when people cast a shadow on their hard work.” After so many positive comments, it looks like the new signage may be a done deal. And they're part of a larger initiative to improve the way people navigate the entire city; what's wrong with that? It's still not too late to offer feedback to the city. Comments can be sent to parkwayfinding@toronto.ca. Go ahead and have your say. What's broken in your neighbourhood? Wherever you are in Greater Toronto, we want to know. Email to jlakey@thestar.ca or follow @TOStarFixer on Twitter
There will be no live telecast for Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, which is going to start from February 9, in the south-east Asian country Singapore.
After a long discussion Mediacorp, a group of commercial media companies in the country, has not agreed on a price with the international advertising, public relations, stockholding company called Dentsu.
This Tokyo based company Dentsu has exclusive broadcast rights for Summer and as well as for Winter Olympics in 22 Asian countries from 2014 to 2024 but the Japanese company wanted to provide rights as a package for this only year's event.
Mediacorp proposed an offer for only Winter Olympics rights and the payable amount was less than the charge it paid for showing highlights of Winter and Youth Games in 2014.
However, in a statement, the national broadcaster said that regular news update on Winter Olympics will be available on Channel NewsAsia, 938Now, Today, and another news segment.
The lack of live coverage will be disappointing for Singaporeans, as the short track speed skater Cheyenne Goh has decided to represent their country for the first time in its sports history.
Goh will be competing in the women's 1,500m category on February 17.
The 18-year-old Goh achieved the qualification birth for 2018 Winter Olympics after a competition at International Skating Union (ISU) World Cup Short Track Speed Skating series.
However, their father Goh Kien Hwee also commented that they are really disappointed that none of the family members, including friends and followers would be able to witness the historical race live on television.
On the other hand, Goh's father also mentioned that they understand the problem related to the telecast and appreciate their efforts to get the telecasting rights.
In this case the President of Singapore Ice Skating Association (Sisa) Sonja Chong said that it would be good if they could watch Goh 'live' on TV while performing for their country on foreign soil.
Chong also asked Singapore residents to follow Sisa's Facebook page to receive regular updates of the Winter Olympic, in case of zero live telecasts.
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
The toll for cars using the Incheon Bridge that services South Korea's main air transportation terminal has been lowered as of midnight, which will reduce the burden for users, the government said Tuesday.The transportation ministry said that the toll for regular passenger cars over the bridge has been reduced from 6,200 won ($5.40) to 5,500 won. For small city cars that generally pay lower tolls on highways, the rates have been set at 2,750 won, down from 3,100 won. Rates have also been lowered for large vehicles as well, the ministry said.The bridge is one of two connecting Incheon International Airport on Yeongjong Island in Gyeonggi Bay with the mainland. It is some 60 kilometers west of Seoul."Negotiations with the private company that built the bridge have been ongoing since 2013 with an understanding being recently reached," an official said.It said local lenders have agreed to lower interest rates on loans that have been used by the builder making it possible to adjust the toll fees."The change will affect all users with those living on Yeongjong to benefit the most," they said.The changes, moreover, ease the burden for Incheon City that has been subsidizing part of the toll for those living on the island who have no choice but to use Incheon or Yeongjong bridges. (Yonhap)
The Kardashian crew seems to be having a relaxing July 4th at home (for now), and it looks like they wouldn't have it any other way. On Wednesday, Kim Kardashian posted the sweetest videos of Chicago and Saint, proving the two are basically lifelong BFFs already. Two-year-old Saint smothers their baby sis, five-month-old Chi, with love, and the mama hen is loving every minute of it. Little Chi West has been appearing on Instagram more and more since they were born in January thanks to their famous mom, and before they can even talk, she's helping prove what sibling goals look like.
In the first video, Chi sits on Kim's lap and happily gazes around while Kim kisses the back of their head and the two have heart-eye filters. In the second video, captioned, "He loves their sissy," Saint is all smiles and puts their arms out to hug their little sister, grab their face, and plant a big smooch on their mouth and cheek. The third shows Saint puckering at Chi and calling them “Jack Jack." They grab their face with both hands, exclaiming, "kissy kissy." And get a load of this, the trio already has nicknames, the first obviously being Chi's nickname Jack Jack.
Instagram/Kim Kardashian; Screenshot/Bustle
Instagram/Kim Kardashian; Screenshot/Bustle
In the video, after Saint kisses Chi again they explain that he's “Dash” and Kim is “Elastagirl." In the last, and possibly the sweetest video of them all, Saint relentlessly has their arms wrapped around their little sister Jack Jack, to the point where Kim has to tell him, "Leave them alone." But of course, they adore Chi way too much to do that. Saying their nickname, Saint puts their head against Chi's and says, "Jack Jack licked my finger." Kim laughs and responds, "Well get your finger out of their mouth, OK?"
Since Chicago was born, Kim has taken to Instagram multiple times to show that they and Kanye are raising their clan to be as close as Kim is with their huge, tight-knit family. In early June, Kim posted a photo of their three kids cuddled up in bed together, showing how much they clearly adore one another. And they love their cousins too. Just a week before posting their Instagram Stories with Chicago and Saint, Kim posted a photo with Khloe, Chicago, and True, Khloe's three-month-old daughter.
And who could forget this family photo with Chi, Saint, and oldest sister North (five), which is practically the modern-day American Gothic portrait?
After welcoming their third baby Chicago in January, Kim opened up about motherhood for the April 2018 issue of Elle. While it seems Kim is loving the fun chaos of their growing family, they said they wouldn't necessarily want or be able to handle more than four kids. "My home and my heart feel really full right now, in the best way," they told the magazine. "I don't think I could handle more than [four]. My time is spread really thin."
After choosing to have Chicago via a surrogate since they suffered from placenta accreta during both of their previous pregnancies, they don't regret a thing. “I hated being pregnant,” they admitted in the interview. “But as much as I hated it, I still wished I could have done it on my own. The control is hard at the beginning. Once you let that go, it's the best experience." They certainly wouldn't rule out surrogacy if they and Kanye choose to try for a fourth baby. "I would recommend surrogacy for anybody," they said.
Some of them may still be in diapers, but maybe, just maybe, the West kids will get their own spin-off show one day. And if the show lives on Kim's IG Stories for now, that will suffice.
WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump's lawyer has repeatedly counselled them not to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite the President's ongoing anger at the attorney general's decision to recuse themselves from the Russia probe. Rudy Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked them multiple times, before and after the former New York City mayor joined the President's legal team last month, about whether Sessions should have been fired.
Giuliani says Trump has asked them multiple times about whether Sessions should have been fired. ( Alex Wong / GETTY IMAGES )
“I don't think the President should do it and I've told them so,” said Giuliani. Giuliani said Trump consulted them last summer during the height of their rage about Sessions' recusal. More recently, they said, Trump has not actively considered firing Sessions, but has wondered if they made the right decision in not doing so previously. “And when they asks ‘Should I have done that?' I say ‘No, the way it is now having worked out',” Giuliani said.
Article Continued Below
Trump's anger remains unabated and they suggested on Twitter again Wednesday that they wish they had never offered the job to Sessions. Giuliani stressed that Trump had every right — whether in person or on social media — to “express how they feel” about Sessions, but suggested it was a distraction to their legal team's efforts to fight back against the ongoing investigation. “Instead of talking about Sessions, we want to be talking about Comey and Mueller,” said Giuliani, invoking the former FBI director and the special counsel. “Public opinion is turning our way; we've had a great turnaround on this. We should be focused on that.”
Article Continued Below
Some in Trump's inner circle have advised them against firing the attorney general because it could further ratchet up the pressure in the investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election, as well as alienate a portion of the president's conservative base who have cheered Sessions' moves at the Justice Department. Moreover, a number of Sessions' former Republican colleagues in the Senate have indicated they would not hold confirmation hearings for a replacement attorney general. This could change after the midterm elections in November. Republicans on Capitol Hill want to avoid unnecessary drama ahead of the elections, but once Mueller completes their investigation some are now suggesting it may then be time for Trump and Sessions to part ways. The mood is a shift from just weeks ago when Republican senators in particular seemed prepared to go to the mat for Sessions as part of their broader efforts to stop Trump from firing Mueller. Sen. Lindsey Graham, who golfed over the holiday weekend with the President, says they have reinforced to Trump that “the best thing for the Republican Party right now is to keep focused on good governance in the mid-terms.” Graham says while they share some of Trump's frustrations with the situation — particularly the Justice Department's resistance to appointing a second special counsel to investigate the handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe — they don't expect Sessions will depart “any time soon.” But Graham added, these are “not lifetime appointments.” At some point, they said, Sessions will “have to make a decision” that if “you don't have the confidence” of the president, “that will affect your ability to be effective.”
Read more about:
Six members of the Imperial Calcasieu Delegation attended the Grand Prioral Meeting of the Military and Hospitaller Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem. The meeting was held in Pasadena, CA from September 21st – 24th, 2017.During the meeting, members attended the Grand Prior's Hawaiian Reception, daily Ecumenical Morning Prayer Service, daily Mass, Vigil Service, Veneration of St. Damien & St. Cope Relics, Grand Prioral Meeting, American Association of St. Lazarus (charitable arm of the Grand Priory) Meeting, and Investiture Service. Since the Delegation had four new members, they had to attend the Postulants Orientation. The new members invested were Reverend Paul Broussard as an Associate Chaplain, Reverend Taj V. Glodd as Associate Chaplain, Deacon Joshua LeBlanc as Associate Chaplain and Annie LeBlanc as an Officer. All are from the Diocese of Lafayette.Also, during the Investiture Service Nila Halloran, Commander and Delegation Hospitaller, was awarded the Medal of Merit for their work in putting on the 1st ever Givers Candlelight Celebration – honoring organ, cornea and tissue donors. COL John Halloran, Knight Commander and Delegate, was awarded the Silver Cross for their works in the Grand Priory and for growing the membership in the Imperial Calcasieu Delegation.The Order is a worldwide Ecumenical Christian Order of Chivalry. It has about 5000 members from 37 different countries, of which 382 members are from the United States. The Order was founded during the Crusades in 1098. The aims of the Order are to defend Christianity, protect & assist the weak, help the poor, help the aged, help the handicapped and help the sick. The two major works of the Order are support of leprosarium's and promoting organ donation awareness. If you are interested in learning more about the Order, contact the Delegate COL (Ret.) John J. Halloran Jr. at colhalloran@hotmail.com or the Delegation Membership Chair Deacon Joshua LeBlanc at josh@bayoulandcs.com
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans on Friday released a partisan and bitterly disputed memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, says there was "a troubling breakdown of legal processes" in the Russia investigation.
President Donald Trump, who advocated for the memo's release over the fierce objections of the Justice Department and the FBI, told reporters the document shows "a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
"I think it's terrible," Trump said. "You want to know the truth. I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace."
The memo, which the FBI has said is inaccurate and missing critical context, asserts that current and former FBI and Justice Department leaders signed off on a surveillance warrant to monitor communications of a former Trump campaign associate.
The document also asserts that opposition research, conducted by a British spy and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign, formed a critical basis for the allegations contained in the warrant application.
They say that research should not have been a basis for the warrant because it contains unproven allegations.
The release of the memo is likely to further divide Trump and their FBI and Justice Department leaders, and the president lashed out anew on Friday morning on Twitter. They have supported the memo release in apparent hopes that it could help undermine the probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller, which they have called a "witch hunt."
"The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!" Trump tweeted.
The tweet came as U.S. news coverage was dominated by reports that the FBI and the Justice Department had objected strenuously to the memo's release. Earlier this week, the FBI declared it had "grave concerns" about its accuracy.
Trump's tweet and their approval of the memo release set up a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier "this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice."
Democrats say the memo cherry-picks intelligence in an effort to smear law enforcement investigating whether Trump associates collaborated with Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election.
"This is designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI, to undermine the investigation, to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation. And it's a tremendous disservice to the American people," Rep. Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CBS "This Morning."
Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.
The document was written by GOP lawmakers as part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department early in Russia investigation, before special counsel Robert Mueller was appointed to take it over.
White House officials say Trump intends to clear the way for publication of the memo. One White House official said Congress would probably be informed of Trump's decision Friday, adding that the president was "OK" with its release. A second White House official said Trump was likely to declassify the congressional memo but the precise method for making it public was still being figured out. The officials were not authorized to be quoted about private deliberations and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The House intelligence panel voted along party lines Monday to put the memo out, giving Trump five days to reject the release under committee rules. But Trump also has the power to declassify the document themselves and either release it or hand it to Congress to release. One of the White House officials said the memo would be in "Congress' hands" after Trump declassified it and there were unlikely to be any redactions to the document.
Senior FBI officials, including Wray, have also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that it could set a dangerous precedent.
Democrats on the intelligence panel made a last-ditch effort Wednesday evening to stop the release, saying the memo had been "secretly altered" by the Republicans who wrote it. In a letter to the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, Schiff wrote that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the vote Monday.
"The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release," Schiff said in the letter.
Schiff asked Nunes for another vote on the memo, but Republicans didn't appear to waver. Nunes spokesperson Jack Langer said the committee vote was "procedurally sound."
"To suggest otherwise is a bizarre distraction from the abuses detailed in the memo, which the public will hopefully soon be able to read for themselves," Langer said.
This all comes as special counsel Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by, among other actions, firing Comey. Republicans have intensified their pressure on the Justice Department as Mueller's probe has moved closer to Trump's inner circle.
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that they believe the document will validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him, according to one outside adviser familiar with those conversations but not authorized to speak publicly about private discussions.
The president also has told allies that they believe the memo bolsters their claim that accusations of collusion between their campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit their election.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer are pressing House Speaker Paul Ryan to stop the release.
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well: "All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy."
The Devil All the Time
Cinema is filled to the gills with amicable protagonist types, but for this filmmaker, the curiosity lies with those you wouldn't socialize with at a house party. That's not to say their portraitures are devoid of empathy, but if we were to draw links between Antonio Campos and contemporary epitome in Michael Haneke is that their brand of 7th art soulfood favors the guilt-ridden, malaise rich misfit characters. With a heavily sensorial, almost fetishized aesthetic treatment, in just three features (including their memorable early career short films and Borderline produced projects), Campos has cemented their status as a current top filmmaker.
Attached to a reboot of The Omen, and with Splitfoot conceivably becoming their fifth feature, news on their fourth gig officially dropped at a Cannes press conference for Safdies Bros' Good Time where a jubilant Robert Pattison confided that he'd be embarking on what should be some serious noir. Intermittently, Campos work in television The Sinner and The Punisher, so for this 60's set adaptation of Donald Roy Pollock's The Devil All the Time we can expect lots of nasty. Mia Goth is expected to carry over from the Denis film alongside Pattison. While we're expecting a cinematographer repairing with either Jody Lee Lipes (2008's Afterschool) or Joe Anderson (2012's Simon Killer/2016's Christine – read review) on what should be a grimy backwood set in rural southern Ohio and West Virginia, look for a deep supporting cast to explore the darker aspects of the human psyche.
Release Date/Prediction: Having tied up their projects with Claire Denis and Joanna Hogg, Robert Pattinson appears to be in the clear for what would be their first project of the new year and what would be a first quarter shoot, which would make the earliest possible scenario for a fest premiere to be the Lido.
Maybe that was all a smoke screen, maybe not.
Maybe they love one of them, maybe they don't.
Elway has done a good job of hiding their intentions, saying only that he'll take "the best player that is best for the Denver Broncos" regardless of what position they play.
"I'm open to trading," too, Elway added, although it would certainly take a blow-me-away offer for them to move out of the fifth spot in a draft so deep in high-level, even generational talent outside the enticing quarterback group.
Elway always tries to fill their biggest needs in free agency so they won't have to reach in the draft and can simply take the best player. Signing Keenum gave them that safeguard this year.
Elway won't have to settle for anything less than the QB atop their wish list, and if he's not there, Elway can bypass the quarterbacks altogether to grab a prime playmaker at another position.
RUN ON RUNNING BACKS
Elway suggested the Broncos will dive into the deep pool of running backs after releasing sixth-year pro C.J. Anderson last week.
"It's a deep running back class as I'm sure you've heard," Elway said. "We feel good about the fact that we'll be able to get a good one."
KUBIAK COMEBACK
Gary Kubiak, Elway's former backup, play-caller and head coach who returned to the team in a scouting role last summer has a much bigger role in drawing up the Broncos' draft blueprints.
"Gary is a very good evaluator," Elway said. "He has suggestions and theirs are very important and those go into the pot."
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Since former GM Brian Xanders' departure in 2012, Elway hasn't drafted a single Pro Bowl player. Only the Saints and Browns join Denver in that ignominious category.
Elway's best pick since assuming more power was CB Bradley Roby at No. 31 in 2014. But their other top selections include Sylvester Williams, Shane Ray, Paxton Lynch and Garett Bolles. Their second-round record is even spottier: Montee Ball, Cody Latimer, Ty Sambrailo, Adam Gotsis and DeMarcus Walker.
Center Matt Paradis, a sixth-round gem in 2014, is just about their only bargain in Elway's past five drafts.
A bounce-back season in 2018 might very well come down to Elway having a draft as they did with Xanders in 2011, when they teamed up to pick Miller, Rahim Moore, Orlando Franklin, Nate Irving, Julius Thomas and Virgil Green.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
By Arnie Stapleton, The Associated Press
NEARLY six years after Baby Run came to grief in the Foxhunters' Chase, William Twiston-Davies finally recorded their first victory at Cheltenham courtesy of Cogry's heartwarming victory in the New Year's Day rain at jump racing's headquarters.
Since the heartbreak of being unseated from Baby Run, Twiston-Davies has been plying their trade on the Flat – they steered Primitivo to victory at Royal Ascot last summer – before reverting back to National Hunt rules where their older brother, Sam, is a leading exponent.
Clearly disillusioned by riding on the all-weather, and the sacrifices required just to make the weight, this was a reinvigorating win for Twiston-Davies, who had appeared to be a tortured soul in recent times before teaming up once again with their father Nigel.
Despite failing to complete in four starts over fences this season, Cogry rallied valiantly from the front to defeat favourite Rocklander by a hard-fought neck in the BetBright Casino Handicap Hurdle.
“That was wonderful. It was really superb. A really strong Flat jockey got them home,” said the winning trainer.
“That's what they both needed. The horse had a miserable time and none of those things had been their fault and what a lovely day for them (William).
“Ever since their last fall we thought we would give up over fences for one or two races. Their jumping was just impeccable. It was so great that William could ride them as it was their first Cheltenham winner.”
This was a day that saw Lizzie Kelly advertise their credentials as the pre-eminent female rider over obstacles.
After winning the opener on Coo Star Sivola for their stepfather Nick Williams, they then won the feature Relkeel Hurdle on Agrpart, who toughed it out to beat the Daryl Jacob-ridden L'Ami Serge in an attritional finish on rain-softened ground with former World Hurdle winner Cole Harden back in third.
Kelly, the first female rider to win a Grade One jumps race in this country, had ridden just three winners this season before this high-profile double, which illuminated the return of horse racing to ITV.
Connections are now dreaming about a tilt at the Stayers' Hurdle at the Chelternham Festival in March if the ground is testing.
“This horse is a legend, I knew they had a great shout, we came in quietly at 16-1, but the way they won the Betfair I knew he'd stay further and it's rained all day, which was always going to suit him,” said Kelly.
“We'd like to think they might stay three miles, maybe the Stayers' Hurdle, you never know.
“It's been a tough season and I'm just glad we've come here and the hard work of everyone has paid off.”
Williams said: “I don't know where we go next, he's very much ground dependent as all their wins have been on heavy. The reason we came here was to see if we could step them up for the World (Stayers') Hurdle.
“I think he's a stayer on good to soft ground, we'll probably go up in trip. They won't go backwards in trip and we'll point towards the Stayers' Hurdle.”
They added: “It's fantastic, we haven't been winning many races recently, so it's fantastic we've had two winners (yesterday).
“It was a brilliant ride by Lizzie, she's very, very strong in a finish. She's won a lot of photos against very strong jockeys and any thoughts of them not being strong enough in a finish are rubbish.”
Of equal signifance to horse racing was the new-look coverage on ITV after the channel acquired the terrestrial television rights from Channel Four.
Headed by former Sky Sports football presenter Ed Chamberlin and 20-times champion jockey Sir AP McCoy, the coverage was both engaging and entertaining – qualities that were sadly missing on Channel Four as it haemhorraged viewers over the past four years.
The challenge will be winning back former viewers who have gravitated to the satellite channels while not losing the racing aficionados who would prefer more time to be spent studying the nuances of the form and betting.
Popular wins for the likes of William Twiston-Davies and Kelly, two articulate riders, can only help the sport's future profile when it comes to the television stakes.
By Lydia Kukua Asamoah/Stella Asare, GNA
Accra, April 24, GNA - A Satellite Monitor Study in five African countries have revealed that Ghana is the most promising African country that has the highest satellite penetration to aid television broadcasting to homes.
The other countries are Nigeria, Tanzania, Ethiopia and Uganda, who were all monitored between 2013 and 2017 in the Study, which was commissioned by SES satellite, the world-leading satellite operator.
SES satellite provides satellite communications services to broadcasters, content and internet service providers, mobile and fixed network operators, and governments and institutions.
The study on Ghana also revealed that satellite had grown rapidly in the country, becoming the leading television delivery mode, with 65 per cent of homes receiving TV channels via satellite.
Satellite is by far the largest contributor to Digital Television in the world.
The Study indicated that out of six million TV homes studied in Ghana in 2017, four million were directly reached by satellite, representing 83 per cent increase compared to 2015.
The remaining two million homes are fed by terrestrial networks, (a term used in reference to satellite technologies to distinguish between what is out in space and what is located on the earth's surface), representing a 40 per cent decline since 2015.
At the launch of the Study in Accra on Tuesday, Mr Theodore Asampong, General Manager of Platform Operations, local representative of SES, said Satellite monitoring study had gone on for over 20 years.
They said: “The idea is to help our customers to get the idea of how many dishes in homes that are actually pointing to the satellites where content sits.
“If you are a pay TV customer, normally it is easy for you to know how many people are watching you because of the subscriptions, but if you are free to air broadcaster that is a channel, which does not have to collect subscription, it is difficult to quantify the homes that are watching you.
“Sometimes researchers do that; some of them use their diary and system to get ideas of who is watching a particular content, but this surveys actually give you a statistical number on how many homes are actually pointing to the satellite.
“And since we have been in the market for a long time, we started with Multi TV in 2009 and they have helped build neighbourhoods up to this point, and because of that more channels have come on board and we have 87 channels now, but it is good for these channels to know how many homes are really connected”.
Mr Asampong said the research was, therefore, to help advertisers to know that there was a neighbourhood where content or broadcasters could go and advertise and be sure that their target homes were watching.
Mr Clint Brown, the Vice President, Sales and Market Development for Africa, SES Video, said: “The Satellite Monitor results for the Ghanaian market clearly illustrate the strong role of satellite broadcasting within the television infrastructure and SES as an enabler to bring digital TV to the highest number of homes in the country.”
"We are committed to boosting TV growth in the Ghanaian market as well as helping broadcasters and content programmers seize opportunities to gain more viewers.”
“Our extensive reach in the market along with our video end-to-end solutions will certainly contribute to achieving that goal.”
GNA
x alpha boost Build up muscle mass. Building strong healthy muscles takes time so be patient. You can do more harm that good if you attempt to build up muscle mass fast by using steroids, stimulants or other harmful substances. Working out with friends is a great way to stay motivated. .
http://www.vitaminofhealth.com/x-alpha-boost/
What a ride. Outlander's third season was a study in contrasts, serving up an eclectic mix of domestic drama, quiet intimacy, and adventure on the high seas culminating in tonight's action-packed season finale. The episode brought together the best and worst of the show, inserting a lovely, much-needed moment between Jamie and Claire in between two over-the-top storylines—the climax of last week's mystical Geillis plot and a life-altering shipwreck.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
First, the bad. The Geillis storyline reintroduced magic to a show which, despite its foundation on time travel, spent most of the last three seasons distancing itself from its more unbelievable elements. Geillis's obsession with the Scottish prophecy and Margaret's ability to tell fortunes—so much so that they can speak to Jamie and Claire as Brianna—feel incongruous with the rest of the show, and frankly, unbelievable. This episode also disappointed with its handling of race; just like last week's episode introduced a questionable storyline about slavery, this week's depicted a tribal ceremony which seemed to dip into every imaginable stereotype of the "savage." For a show that gets so much right when it comes to the female experience, Outlander has a lot of work to do when it comes to race.
Despite these failures, the episode managed to redeem itself with a much-needed sex scene between Jamie and Claire. After the trials of the last few months, the Frasers are finally able to be themselves—well, as much as they can be while on a ship within earshot of a few dozen men. It's a great scene that underscores just how important Jamie and Claire's relationship is to the show—and how it suffers when we don't get these private, intimate moments between them.
Here, nine things we learned about the Season 3 finale of Outlander, "Eye of the Storm." Plus, everything you need to know about Season 4.
1) Claire is...drowning?
The episode opens with Claire inexplicably underwater. She's drowning, but she's at peace:
“I was dead. Everything around me was a blinding white and there was a soft, rushing sound, like wings of angels. I felt peaceful. And bodiless. Free of terror. Free of rage. Filled with a quiet happiness.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
So many questions!!!
2) Claire sneaks around the grounds at Rose Hall looking for Young Ian.
Claire searches the slave quarters at Rose Hall looking for their nephew. They discover a dog digging through a mound of dirt and finds the bodies of two young boys with their throats cut. Before they can continue their search, an enslaved man captures them
Meanwhile, Marsali and Fergus arrive back at the inn to find a note from Claire stating Jamie's been arrested. Fergus tells Marsali to wait for them in their room, but they demand to join him. She's much more like Claire than they ever realized.
Starz
3) Lord John Grey gets Jamie released from Captain Leonard's custody.
Captain Leonard takes Jamie to the Porpoise to set sail for Edinburgh, but the men are stopped by Lord John Grey's soldiers. Back at the governor's mansion, Grey gives Leonard a thorough dressing-down, poking holes in their charges against Jamie and making fun of their rank. (David Berry is so great in this scene and I hope we get much more of this passion from them in future seasons.) Since Leonard doesn't have the paperwork to prove Jamie's guilt—or the jurisdiction to arrest someone on land—he's forced to let Jamie go. “Seems I'm indebted to you yet again for saving my life,” Jamie tells Grey. “Seems we're indebted to each other so many times, I've lost count," Grey responds.
4) Faced with the prospect of death, Claire tells Geillis everything—including their return to the 20th century and Brianna's birth. Geillis realizes Bree is the 200-year-old baby.
Back at Rose Hall, Geillis is furious Young Ian never told them about Claire. She's certain Claire knows about the prophecy and only wanted the treasure so they could thwart it. Ian vows to kill Geillis, but they order one of their men to take them away.
Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Another enslaved man enters with Claire, who pretends they got lost looking for the entrance to the house. Geillis plays along, and Claire tells them how they and Jamie came to arrive in Jamaica. Geillis accuses Claire of lying, certain she's trying to thwart their plans to put a new Scottish king on the throne. Claire is, of course, confused, and in effort to appease Geillis, tells them that they only just got back to the 18th century, showing their photos of Brianna as proof. Geillis realizes Bree is the 200-year-old baby from the prophecy and steals one of the photos before apologizing to Claire for their behavior.
Claire tells Geillis they actually met Brianna once, at the university in Inverness in 1968, and they were there when Geillis went through the stones. They saw their murdered husband, too. Geillis tells Claire, "a sacrifice is required, for the cause," but Claire reminds them they never needed one. “I think it has something to do with who's on the other side, drawing you to them,” they tell Geillis
5) In their search for Ian, Claire and Jamie stumble upon a tribal ceremony, where all hell breaks loose.
After Geillis goes to bed, Claire continues their search for Young Ian. They see them being dragged across the lawn and rushes after him. They run into Jamie, who reveals they were released by Grey. Jamie and Claire follow in the direction Young Ian was taken and stumble upon a tribal ceremony, which reminds Claire of the Samhain ritual they saw with Frank all those years ago.
Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In a matter of seconds, chaos ensues: Jamie and Claire are captured by one of the tribesmen, but Yi Tien Cho convinces them to release them. They explain to Jamie and Claire that the tribespeople heard of Margaret's fortunes and asked them to join them, and they went with them because they love them Jamie and Claire ask Margaret about Geillis and where they could be, but Margaret falls into a trance. First, they ask Jamie about a rabbit (he saw one at Culloden that reminded them of Claire) and Claire about a bird that reminded them of Jamie. If that's not weird enough, Margaret goes into another trance, and this time, she's Brianna. They tell Jamie she's dreamt of him, then kisses Claire on the cheek, calling them "mama." Even for a show about a woman time-traveling through stones, this is too much.
Archibald Campbell arrives to get their sister, and Jamie demands they reveal where Geillis went. Campbell tells them the only thing they know is that Geillis is working on a prophecy that heralds the rise of a Scottish king on the death of a 200-year-old baby. Claire puts all the pieces together and realizes Geillis will try to return to the 20th century to kill Brianna. Claire and Jamie leave to find Abandawe, the cave where people disappear. But that's not the end of the drama at the ceremony. Cho and Campbell fight over Margaret, and Cho kills him.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
6) Claire kills Geillis to keep them from traveling to the 20th century.
Jamie and Claire find Abandawe, and Claire tells Jamie if they get too close to the "portal," they might go through it again. Jamie tells them that if anything happens to him, they must go back and save Bree: "We lost Faith. We will not lose Brianna."
Inside, Geillis has Young Ian tied up. They intend to sacrifice them so they can travel to the 20th century. When Jamie and Claire arrive, Geillis's manservant, Hercules, points a gun at him, and they and Jamie start fighting. Claire approaches Geillis and realizes the pool in the cave is the portal. Geillis tries to convince Claire to let them do this:
“We are the chosen, you and I. We have a responsibility to change history. I gave up my child for the cause. You have a responsibility to do the same.”
Geillis runs for the water, shouting, "this is God's will!" but Claire uses a knife to cut their throat. Geillis crumples to the ground. Jamie tells Hercules he's free and cuts Ian loose. Claire moves toward the water, but Jamie pulls their back. Outside, Claire clutches the knife, shaking. They remember the bones Joe had in their office right before they left the 20th century—they were Geillis's. Jamie holds her, then pulls Ian into the embrace.
7) Claire and Jamie finally have a moment alone on the Artemis.
The Frasers and their crew waste no time leaving Jamaica. In the captain's quarters on the Artemis, Jamie and Claire finally have time alone to reflect on their wild journey—and recover. Jamie vows to return Ian to Lallybroch immediately, and Claire notes Jamie's new white hairs. "Surprised I don't have a full head of white hair after all I suffered these past months,” they joke. Things get intimate (of course), with Jamie telling Claire:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“I have given much thought to what I want to do to you when we arrive on dry land. I've considered in great detail what I want to do should I have you naked, and willing, and with no one hearing, with enough room to serve you suitably.”
We're holding Jamie to this in Season 4.
8) A devastating storm hits the Artemis.
Because apparently, Jamie and Claire haven't been through enough this season. Claire orders their family—Fergus and Marsali, Young Ian, and one of Jamie's Scottish men—to stay belowdeck while they do their duty as doctor. On deck, the wind and water whips around, knocking a mast over, and Jamie realizes he's losing control of the ship. A huge wave hits the deck, carrying Claire overboard. We return to the scene from the very beginning of the episode, with Claire realizing she's dead.
Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She's not, of course. Jamie finds them underwater and cuts them from the debris dragging them down. They resurface and Jamie finds debris for them to cling to. They tell an unconscious Claire, “Dammit, Sassenach, if you die here now, I swear I'll kill you."
9) Jamie and Claire wash ashore in Georgia.
Jamie wakes, covered in sand, on an unidentified shore. A young girl is poking them with a stick. They run off, and Jamie sees Claire lying further along the beach. She's still not moving, and they fear she's dead—until they cough. "I thought you were dead," they say. “I told you I'd never leave you again," they tell him.
Starz
The little girl returns with their family. The man, Joseph Oliver, tells Jamie and Claire their ship crashed four miles south—and there are survivors. The Frasers look dizzy with relief. “What island is this?” Claire asks. "You're not on an island at all," Oliver tells them "You're on the mainland. In the colony of Georgia.” Claire gasps: "America!" It's the late 1760s, which means America is on the cusp of the Revolutionary War—something we'll surely see in seasons to come...
By Dennis Peprah, GNA
Sunyani, April 24, GNA – The various branches of the Tertiary Education Confederacy (TESCON) of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) in Brong-Ahafo on Monday, congratulated the Regional Election Committee, Council of Elders and the entire leadership of the Party for a successful Congress.
Despite the uncertainties which characterised the Congress held at the Catholic Pastoral Centre in Sunyani on Sunday that elected new Regional Executives for the Party, the TESCON leadership in the Region described the election as free and fair, devoid of rigging.
In an interview with the Ghana News Agency (GNA) in Sunyani, the Confederacies appealed to the newly elected executives to facilitate effective collaboration with members of TESCON to identify and find lasting solutions to some key internal problems within the Party.
They observed that the various Confederacies remained strong pillars of the NPP and called on the leadership of the Party to support them with logistics and funds to intensify campaigns and sell government's flagship programmes and projects to the masses.
Abdul Razak, the President of the Sunyani Technical University branch of TESCON called on the new Executives to engage the defeated candidates and work peacefully as a team to enhance the fortunes of the NPP in Election 2020.
They said the Election 2020 remained a huge task for the NPP, adding that it required strong and unified front if the Party could retain political power.
Nantogmah Mahamadu, the President at the TESCON branch of the Kintampo College of Health, said the “NPP internal election is not a do or die, but do and live together affair,” saying now that the elections were over, there was the need for all the candidates to bury their differences and forge ahead in unity for the cause of the Party.
They observed that until the interest of the Party was given priority, it would be tough for the NPP to win the Election 2020.
Mohammed Gadafi, the President, Atebubu College of Education branch of the TESCON, indicated that the government was progressively on course, but emphasised the importance for the NPP to intensify campaign to explain the policies and programmes of the government to the people, particularly those at the grassroots.
They said membership drive was very important in partisan politics, hence the need for the Party leadership to support the TESCON branches to embark on effective membership mobilisation at the various tertiary institutions.
Suleman Ibrahim, the President of the Tanoso Nursing Training College branch of TESCON, observed that the Election 2020 remained the greatest political battle for the NPP and urged the newly elected Executives across the country to avoid complacency and campaign effectively.
They observed that the National Democratic Congress (NDC) still had enough resources to embark on effective political campaign, warning that “if we are not careful the NDC would recapture political power and derail the gains of our government”.
Mohammed Yeskuru Abdul Mumuni, the TESCON President at the University of Energy and Natural Resources, said every election was characterised by acrimonies, but advised the newly elected executives not to allow anything to divide them and work together to make the NPP stronger.
GNA
OTTAWA — The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says their office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying they helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
In a statement today, Therrien says their office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
Prepare to be hit by a major case of romantic comedy nostalgia. On Monday, Ryan Reynolds' napkin face Instagram photo inadvertently reminded people of an adorable scene from the 2006 film The Holiday, as reported by E! Online. While the Deadpool star's goal was to make a joke about their Green Lantern role and the use of CGI in superhero films, it didn't take long for Instagram users to notice the photo bore a striking resemblance to Jude Law's Mr. Napkin Head.
In The Holiday, Law's single dad character, Graham, puts a napkin and glasses on their face to create a character their daughters call, Mr. Napkin Head. Yes, it sounds strange, but it's ridiculously charming. The first time Cameron Diaz's Amanda meets Graham's daughters, they urge them to show them their napkin-faced alter ego, which leads to a sweet scene that basically convinces Amanda that he's the best guy she's ever met. (Spoiler alert: they totally are.)
As for Reynolds, well, they appear to have stumbled into this movie reference by accident. They captioned their wonderfully silly photo,
"Early prototype for the Green Lantern mask. People could tell it was an old tissue, so we went with a CGI version."
While they clearly aren't going for a Law vibe, the picture could easily be from a rebooted version of the holiday classic. In fact, some Instagram users have dubbed the actor the new Mr. Napkin Head. Someone should alert Law, because they may need to defend their title if this keeps up.
It's unclear whether or not Reynolds has seen The Holiday themselves — although they really should because it's a rom-com masterpiece — but seeing them pop a napkin on their face for an Instagram photo isn't too surprising. After all, they and their wife, Blake Lively, love a good joke, and they've proven to be masters of the art of cracking wise on the internet. As their role in Deadpool proves, the man is a hilarious actor, and their sense of humor extends beyond the screen.
What makes the whole Mr. Napkin Head incident even funnier is that like Law's The Holiday character, Reynolds also has two daughters — Ines and James. If they aren't doing Mr. Napkin Head for them before, then they definitely should now. And if the world is really lucky, then Lively will document it for the internet, because that's something everyone surely wants to see.
For the time being, it seems Reynolds' fans are enjoying the unexpected The Holiday feelings their photo stirred up. One Instagram user wrote, "Isn't this Mr Napkin head from The Holiday...?! Hehe good look on you too!" And another user chimed in, "@vancityreynolds thought you were trying to recreate Jude Law's "Mr. Napkin-head" from The Holiday. Lol." Then one commenter asked the most pressing question of the day: "Reminds me of Mr. Napkin Head from The Holiday. Hmmmm... who wore it better?"
That may be an impossible question to answer, but for comparison's sake, check out Law rocking the original Mr. Napkin Head look in The Holiday in the clip below.
Movieclips on YouTube
This one's too close to call, but Law's napkin is clearly made of sturdier stuff than Reynolds'. If Reynolds is going to truly challenge The Holiday star's claim to the Mr. Napkin Head throne, then they need to upgrade to cloth. In the meantime, the internet should thank The Proposal actor for reminding them of the sweet rom-com scene, especially since The Holiday is most often watched during the actual holiday season.
If you're now craving a re-watch of The Holiday thanks to the nostalgia-inspiring Instagram photo, then you should go for it. As Reynolds accidentally illustrated, every season is Mr. Napkin Head season.
When entrepreneurs seek counsel on developing their business -- whether the goal is to accelerate growth, add new capabilities, provide governance or improve profitability -- I frequently offer the same advice: Consider the make-up of your board.
Business owners are responsibility rich and time poor, so it's no surprise that creating, maintaining or engaging a board of directors may not be a high priority for private companies, particularly when it is not required. Nonetheless, sound advice from a strong board with intimate knowledge of your business can be invaluable to good business strategy and operations, and can cultivate competitive advantages. In fact, a recent private company board survey found nearly half of participants categorized their boards as “indispensable” or “very effective” at driving corporate strategy, according to Lodestone Global.
Related: What's the Difference Between an Advisory Board and a Board of Directors?
If your goal is to attract outside investment, or if you are considering a sale at some point in the future, the board of directors can be critical to the process and to reaching a successful outcome. As an investment banking advisor to private companies, I have witnessed firsthand how strong boards can be a great asset and source of strategic thinking for clients. For example, there was a family-owned financial services firm that sold at the top of the market in 2007 at a very favorable valuation. The interesting part is the family had no previous intentions of selling, instead grooming their son to run the fast-growing and profitable business. But, a veteran board member, recognizing the market environment and future economic risks, encouraged the family to test the market for a sale -- a wise decision.
Board construction
In creating an effective board, first think about your ideal composition and what skills, experience and personalities would be most beneficial for your company.
The most constructive directors for entrepreneur-led companies tend to be those who have built and run companies of their own; sector-specific experience is especially valuable. Consider your management needs -- are there gaps in experience or expertise where a board director could provide guidance and support your strategic goals? Another good approach is to seek prospective board members who have built departments and teams, and have deep expertise in certain subjects such as law, supply chain or accountancy.
Finally, in terms of target size and construction, aim to strike a balance between executive and non-executive directors. There is a no magic number, but often private company boards of five to seven directors work best.
Related: How Your First Board of Directors Shapes Your Company
Cultivating candor
While attracting directors with the best minds and most relevant experience is the top priority, the second should be empowering them to offer their objective, candid advice -- even if this means pushing back against the chief executive or status quo. Creating an environment for this type of candor is easier said than done for entrepreneurs who are protective and passionate about their businesses, but a conscious effort to do so can pay dividends.
Another important element in ensuring maximum board value is to incentivize members by seeking an alignment of interests. Rather than just offering cash compensation, consider paying directors a combination of stock and cash. Granting a form of equity encourages a longer-term commitment to the company's future success. Often, directors are paid half in cash and half in stock. The stock allocation forces directors to think about the business over the longer term and creates a vested interest in the outcome, and typically, in time, the stock is worth more than the cash payments.
Related: How to Solicit Valuable Feedback From Your Board
Review and recruitment
Once you have assembled your board, set the terms to ensure there are opportunities to rejuvenate the membership over time. It is a good idea to set three-year reviews to ensure the count, competencies and mix of directors meet the evolving business needs. Some of the most successful companies have a committee to conduct a board review annually. Defined terms and autonomous committees are especially useful, considering board members themselves are “less effective in taking proactive steps to ensure that they maintain a proper mix of skills,” according to a 2016 survey on board director evaluation and effectiveness by the Stanford University Rock Center for Corporate Governance and The Miles Group.
Should the review determine that the company needs to pursue a new board candidate with a certain set of skills or business connections, it is imperative to approach potential prospects effectively. Established connections are often the best place to start, so turn to your network and those of existing board members. Business advisors can also be good referral sources. Lawyers and bankers, for example, have broad and diverse connections among colleagues, peers and current and former clients. Finally, if these avenues prove unfruitful, there are a number of recruitment consultants who specialize in finding candidates for board positions.
As you move forward, bear in mind the impetus for adding board members is rarely a result of major company changes or shifting strategy. More often it is driven by a desire to continuously fine tune the business and its direction, and successful board appointments should be based on trust, respect and collaboration -- attributes to consider during the selection process and nurture throughout a director's tenure. At Cascadia Capital, as advisors to entrepreneurs and family-owned private companies, I can testify from personal experience just how important a board of directors is to a company's success.
HONG KONG: The vote for Hong Kong's new leader kicks off this week, but most of its 3.8 million-strong electorate will have no say in choosing the winner, prompting calls for an overhaul of a system skewed towards Beijing.
It is the first leadership vote since mass pro-democracy protests in 2014 failed to win political reform and comes as fears grow that China is tightening its grip on semi-autonomous Hong Kong. As the first round of voting begins, the four candidates are wooing the public — dropping in to no-frills cafés to eat local dishes with ordinary folk. But to little avail. The winner will be chosen by a committee of 1,200 representatives of special interest groups, weighted towards Beijing. According to a count by local media, only around a quarter are in the pro-democracy camp. The representatives are selected by a pool of around 230,000 voters from sectors ranging from business to education, and include the city's 70 lawmakers. Democracy campaigners and some residents say it is inevitable the winner will answer to Chinese authorities — activists already vilify current leader Leung Chun-ying as a puppet of Beijing. “The members of the electoral committee are only looking out for their own interests, how can they represent the Hong Kong people?” says engineer Stone Shek, 49. Hong Kongers were offered the chance to vote for the next leader in a Beijing-backed reform package, which stipulated that candidates must first be vetted, triggering the huge 2014 “Umbrella Movement” rallies. The proposal, dismissed by protesters as “fake democracy”, was eventually voted down by lawmakers and the reform process has since been shelved. Shek said rejecting the proposal was the right thing to do. But others fear Chinese authorities will never compromise. “They didn't heed the tens of thousands that came out to protest the Umbrella Movement,” said IT worker Tony So, 42, who believes anyone over 18 should be able to vote for the leader. Election committee members start nominating their favourite candidate in the first round of voting on Tuesday. Each needs 150 votes by March 1 to participate in the final election by the same committee on March 26. Tough former deputy leader Carrie Lam is considered Beijing's favourite, while ex-finance secretary John Tsang is the other main contender, seen as a more moderate voice and leading in public opinion polls. They take on hardliner Regina Ip and former judge Woo Kwok-hing, who is considered most sympathetic to the democracy camp. Veteran activist Leung Kwok-hung — known as “Long Hair” — has said they may enter the race, but as yet there is no clear candidate from the pro-democracy side. Many democracy supporters thought there was little point fielding a candidate who would have no chance with the pro-Beijing committee, says activist and academic Chan Kin-man. Instead, democratic committee members would likely back Tsang as the “lesser evil”, they told AFP. Activist Benny Tai, who founded the Occupy movement that helped galvanise the 2014 protests, compared the election to a “horse race” that residents can observe, but not influence. “We need to work hard to maintain the movement and we will continue to strive for democracy,” they told AFP. Campaigners say they are playing the long game, hoping to build representation from the ground up — citywide public elections in September saw former Umbrella Movement leaders become lawmakers. But since then, two pro-independence legislators have been barred from taking up their seats after Beijing protests, while other pro-democracy figures are also facing disqualification. Some residents say they have faith the election committee will choose the right leader. “The people in the ‘small circle' also want Hong Kong to prosper and develop,” said finance analyst Polly Chen, 50. But eventually, Chen added, Hong Kongers should decide. “We have to start somewhere,” they said of the road to reform. “We may get it wrong, but we need to start.” — AFP More from China North China residents protest plant
Chinese soldier stuck in India returns home
Missing tycoon ‘was whisked away in wheelchair'
Hong Kong subway arson attack injures 18
Neil Bardsley from Fernmount riding their horse Nessie to the parade in Bellingen.
Neil Bardsley from Fernmount riding their horse Nessie to the parade in Bellingen. Trevor Veale
AS the day broke, hundreds of people gathered to commemorate those who served and died in war fighting for our country.
If you missed the dawn service, there's still time to pay your respects at Anzac services across the region from 9am and 11am.
Coffs Coast Advocate chief photographer, Trevor Veale captured this image of Neil Bardsley from Fernmount riding their horse Nessie to the parade in Bellingen.
Neil is part of the lighthorse parade and donned in full gear including the traditional emu feathered hat, will take part in the parade in Bellingen starting at 9am.
There is no bitterness from Peterborough born Aston Merrygold when their controversial exit from Strictly Come Dancing is raised.
The former JLS star says they have already moved on after surprisingly being knocked out of the hugely popular competition in week seven, a decision which prompted an unusual amount of anger on social media for what is essentially a celebrity reality TV contest.
Aston Merrygold of JLS performs on stage during their Goodbye Tour at the LG Arena, Birmingham. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Friday December 13, 2013. Photo credit should read: Joe Giddens/PA Wire ENGEMN00120131223151906
However, Aston admitted seeing thousands of people slam the judges for booting them out was quite enjoyable, as it showed how much support they had with the wider public.
In an exclusive interview with the Peterborough Telegraph, the former Jack Hunt School pupil said: “I can't help but love the reaction. It just shows the support I've got. I can't be happy for the fact people were outraged and upset I left. I was thankful for the support.”
The dance which put and end to Aston and partner Janette Manrara's hopes of a Strictly triumph was the Viennese Waltz which found no favour with judge Craig Revel Horwood who gave it a four.
And despite the other judges giving Aston a seven they found themselves in the bottom two following the public vote, leaving them in a dance off against Mollie King and AJ.
After the dance off judges Darcey Bussell and Bruno Tonioli opted to save Aston, but Craig and Shirley Ballas chose Mollie, with head judge Shirley's vote taken as the final decision in a tie.
Reflecting on the decision, Aston said: “We had one bad week and it turned out to be the last. You just have to take it on the chin and get over it. For me it's like, what next?”
Asked whether they felt Craig had been harsh scoring them a four, they replied: “I'm not an expert on this kind of thing. The only person I take the opinion of from the show is Janette and when they have watched it back they said it was not a 4. But Craig is entitled to their opinion.”
Aston's friend Louis Smith, the Olympic medal winning gymnast from Peterborough, won Strictly in 2012, and their comment to Aston that they would love the show turned out to be correct.
Speaking about their Strictly experience, Aston said: “I loved it. I had friends who have done the show before like Louis Smith and Alesha Dixon who tell you, ‘you will have a great time'.
“You can never really imagine everything that goes into the show and the amount of fun you are going to have. It was just amazing to be a part of it.
“It's the biggest show on TV for a reason. You can see that when it's on.
“As much as it's a competition, for myself and every single person it's the weirdest competition to be a part of.
“It does not feel like a competition in any way until you're in the bottom two. You are standing there wanting people to do really well. You want them to get 10s.
“It's honestly the weirdest scenario to be a part of. Everybody was way out of their comfort zone.
“But I made a whole lot of new friends which is amazing.”
Backing appeal to make it the best Christmas ever
Despite having to leave Strictly Come Dancing earlier than they would like, things are looking up for Aston Merrygold.
The former Jack Hunt School pupil is a business partner in a new dance studio in Vauxhall, London, which opens in January, and they are also touring in April as a solo artist.
But the most special event in their life will be the upcoming birth of their first child with partner Sarah Richards.
The due date for the baby (they do not want to find out the gender before it is born) is in the new year, and becoming a dad only re-enforces how special a time Christmas is for children.
So much so that, for the second year running, the former JLS star is lending their support to Cash for Kids Mission Christmas, an annual Christmas toy appeal which last year generated upwards of £15.5 million in gifts and donations which were distributed to more than 360,000 disadvantaged kids across the UK.
Aston said: “It's mad to think there are kids in this country that won't be able to experience Christmas, more so probably this year because I'm going to be a dad for the first time.
“Christmas should be a magical time and Mission Christmas is trying to make a difference.
“When you sit down and someone is talking to you all about their experiences of young people and children who do not experience Christmas, it's heartbreaking.
“This is something I have to put my time and effort in with and really spread the word for.”
This Christmas will be the last time Aston does not have the responsibilities of looking after a young child, but as Sarah's due date nears they admit they cannot wait to become a dad for the first time.
They said: “It's really exciting for myself and my partner Sarah. It's going to be our last Christmas where we can chill out but not expect to be woken up at 5am!
“It's a special time. We're just thinking what it's going to be like. We're going to savour these moments.
“Everyone is like ‘are you prepared?'. But I do not think you can be.”
Aston and Sarah will be staying close to their local hospital this Christmas, meaning for the first time the 29-year-old will not be spending the festive period in Peterborough.
But they cannot wait to return to their home city and show off their newborn to their friends who still live here.
They added: “It's the first time I'm not going to be in Peterborough for Christmas which is crazy.
“I've still got some of my oldest friends there and they all need to meet the new baby. I can't wait to start the new journey.”
Aston Merrygold is asking everyone to donate an extra gift for Cash for Kids Mission Christmas http://www.cashforkids.uk.com/mission.
Text MISSION to 70808 to give £5, or donate a new and unwrapped present at any Wickes store by Sunday, December 17.
Daulton and several prominent contemporaries in baseball — including at least three other Phillies who played at Veterans Stadium, the team's home from 1971 to 2003 — have died of glioblastoma, according to news media accounts. It is considered the most aggressive and frequently diagnosed form of malignant brain tumour.
PHILADELPHIA—Since Darren Daulton succumbed to brain cancer on Aug. 6, heartfelt tributes have honoured the way they led a raucous Philadelphia Phillies team to the World Series in 1993.
Researchers who have examined the baseball cases for years say there is insufficient evidence to determine whether they represent anything more than coincidence. Possible cancer clusters are notoriously hard to prove. Most of the time, upon rigorous examination, no cause can be identified and the cases are considered random.
“There is hardly ever an explanation for them,” said Timothy R. Rebbeck, a cancer epidemiologist at Harvard and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute who has studied the Phillies cases.
Still, Phillies from that era are curious, some even unnerved, about whether there is any connection between brain cancer and baseball. In particular, they wonder if there is any association with Veterans Stadium, which was built on marshland and was demolished in 2004.
“I'm concerned about it,” said Larry Bowa, the Phillies' bench coach, who joined the team as a player in 1970 and has spent much of their professional career here as a shortstop, manager and coach. “It raises your eyebrows, no question. It's sort of scary.”
Larry Andersen, who pitched for Philadelphia in the 1983 and 1993 World Series and is now a radio commentator for the team, said: “You can't help but think about it. It would be nice if there were some answers, if nothing else for going forward. But nobody knows anything. It's frustrating.”
They spoke Thursday as the Phillies played their first home game since Daulton died. Their No. 10 jersey hung in the dugout at Citizens Bank Park. Before a moment of silence, the public address announcer told the crowd that Daulton, a three-time all-star catcher, had “battled valiantly against the illness that took them far too young” at age 55.
It was impossible not to think about what had caused Daulton's death and whether there was some unexplained correlation with baseball. But John Kruk, a Phillies television commentator who was Daulton's teammate from 1989 to 1994, said they tried not to let their mind wander in that direction.
“If I thought about it, I'd go crazy,” they said.
Other former Phillies who also reportedly died of glioblastoma since 2003 were reliever Tug McGraw at age 59, infielder John Vukovich at 59 and catcher Johnny Oates at 58. Ken Brett, a pitcher who played in Veterans Stadium for one season, died at 55 of a brain cancer that has been identified in some news accounts as glioblastoma.
That same type of cancer is reported to have claimed the lives of other notable major league players, as well as a manager, from the same era: the Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter at 57, outfielder Bobby Murcer at 62, reliever Dan Quisenberry at 45 and manager Dick Howser at 51.
Brett, Quisenberry and Howser spent part of their careers in Kansas City, where the baseball park at that time, like Veterans Stadium, had artificial turf. Some former Phillies wonder whether chemicals in those early versions of synthetic turf could have increased the risk of brain cancer, but scientists say they know of no research that supports that theory.
Dr. Cory M. Franklin, a Chicago internist who has written about the cancer cases in baseball, said Major League Baseball and the players' union should enlist epidemiologists and statisticians to examine whether the malignancies were workplace related. They also said that they should create an extensive registry of players and their causes of death.
“I think they should be a little more sensitive to this problem,” Franklin said. “There may be more problems like it.”
Major League Baseball declined to make Dr. Gary A. Green, its medical director, available for an interview. The players' union also declined to comment.
In 2013, when Daulton learned they had glioblastoma, The Philadelphia Inquirer did an analysis of 533 players who wore a Phillies uniform during the 33 seasons the team played at Veterans Stadium. The brain cancers of Daulton, McGraw, Vukovich and Oates appeared to represent an occurrence that was about three times the rate of the general male population, the analysis concluded. But the study had limitations related to adjusting for age and yearly cancer rates.
Rebbeck, the Harvard epidemiologist, was then at the University of Pennsylvania, and they assisted in the study. They told The Inquirer that the seemingly elevated risk to baseball players could have resulted from chance.
In an interview after Daulton's death, Rebbeck said scientists still did not know much more. “It's either just random chance bad luck or there is something there, but we just don't have the science to pick it out yet,” they said.
The baseball deaths fit within established patterns in the general population: Glioblastoma is more common among men than women, and the risk increases with age. The scrutinized baseball deaths have occurred within the highest-risk age range of 45-70, according to the American Association of Neurological Surgeons. An estimated 12,390 new cases of the cancer were expected this year, according to the American Brain Tumour Association.
Researchers also note that while the players' cancers have been identified as glioblastomas in news media accounts, all may not, in fact, have been identical tumours. Many other variables make it difficult to make a connection between baseball and brain cancer.
Among the former Phillies who died, not all played together at Veterans Stadium or remained with the team for the same length of time. The Philadelphia Eagles played and often practised in the stadium, on the same artificial surface, but the NFL team has reported no unusual occurrence of brain cancer.
Melissa L. Bondy, a brain tumour epidemiologist at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, said that the deaths of the former Phillies players seemed “to be beyond a coincidence,” but that until more research was done, “we don't know for sure.”
Still, Daulton's death from glioblastoma has renewed speculation about the possibility of baseball-related causes such as concussions, chewing tobacco and pesticides. But no definitive link has been made between these things and brain cancer, scientists said.
In 2009, Daulton told a radio interviewer, “There's probably no one in any sport that has taken more drugs than I have.”
But they did not name the drugs. And there has been no authoritative connection, for instance, between muscle-building anabolic steroids and brain cancer.
“I think Darren's passing has created a conversation,” said Jennifer Brusstar, the president and chief executive of the Tug McGraw Foundation. Them husband, Warren, pitched for the Phillies from 1977 to 1982.
“Let's look into this and see if there is anything” connecting baseball and cancer, they said. “If there's not, let's move on.”
Mickey Morandini, the Phillies' first-base coach, who played in the 1993 World Series with the team, said that, like others, they wondered about any possible correlation. But, if the cancers ever proved to be anything more than coincidence, they said, “I don't know if I'd rather know or not.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A frantic search was launched for a baby amid the wreckage of a horror crash which killed six people, an inquest heard.
Pc Keith Evans, of West Midlands Police, was giving evidence on the final day of inquests for the deadly Birmingham smash when they described arriving at the scene.
The dog handler said they heard a loud bang at about 1.11am on December 17.
Turning their marked police car to investigate, they told Birmingham Coroner's Court: "Then, I saw smoke, steam and dust come up from the underpass.
"I saw there'd been a serious collision."
Pc Evans described how after arriving at the scene on Lee Bank Middleway, a "child's bottle" was found in the wreckage.
(Image: BPM MEDIA)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
An extensive search was carried out before it was realised no baby had been involved.
An inquest heard drugged-up driver Kasar Jehangir lost control of a speeding Audi in the crash which left them and five others dead.
Senior coroner Louise Hunt concluded Jehangir's Audi S3, which had two defective tyres, was driven at excessive speed, causing them to lose control at 100mph and plough sideways into a taxi coming the other way.
(Image: BPM MEDIA)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Mr Jehangir also had cannabis in their blood, which Mrs Hunt found had contributed to the crash.
In the resulting collision, the driver died along with two of their passengers; Tauqeer Hussain and Mohammed Fahsha, who both lived a few doors from one another in Small Heath, Birmingham.
None of them had been wearing seat-belts and were ejected out of the car, along with sole survivor Zakkria Khan.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: BPM MEDIA)
The collision also killed the cab's driver, a father-of-six, Imtiaz Mohammed, and their passengers Lucy Davis, a mother-of-two, and their partner, nuclear physicist and rock music fan Lee Jenkins.
Pc Evans described how three of the men in the Audi had suffered catastrophic head injuries and could not be helped.
They immediately radioed in to tell control the collision was almost certainly a fatal accident.
(Image: Birmingham Mail/BPM Media)
(Image: SWNS.com)
The 33-year-old cab driver and Ms Davis were also pronounced dead at the scene by medics, while Mr Jenkins died a short time later in hospital.
Asked by a relative of Mr Hussain's whether the men from the Audi were dead when they arrived, Pc Evans said: "I've been a police officer for more than 20 years and I was a soldier for eight years before that.
"There is no doubt in my mind they had all passed away immediately."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
(Image: SWNS.com)
On Wednesday, Mrs Hunt said Mr Fahsha and Mr Jehangir died of multiple injuries, and Mr Hussain, of head injuries.
Concluding their deaths were the result of a road traffic accident, they told the men's families: "I do hope you can remember the loved ones as you described them to me, and not the terrible way you lost them."
Afterwards, those families paid tribute to the victims.
In a statement, Mr Fahsha's relatives said: "Six lives were lost; no doubt leaving behind thousands of mourners and as a community we should try to learn the harsh realities of the most difficult of lessons."
Morgan unbowed as befuddled England fluff their lines
by Reuters News 14 Jun 2017, 23:48 IST
Britain Cricket - England v Pakistan - 2017 ICC Champions Trophy Semi Final - Sophia Gardens - June 14, 2017 England's Eoin Morgan Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Couldridge Livepic
By Ed Osmond
CARDIFF (Reuters) - England captain Eoin Morgan cut a frustrated figure after their team delivered a muddled and lacklustre performance in a humiliating eight-wicket loss to Pakistan in the Champions Trophy semi-finals on Wednesday.
Since their dismal World Cup campaign in 2015, England have played a positive brand of cricket built on fearless batting, aggressive bowling and bristling intensity in the field.
But within touching distance of a first global 50-over title after three victories in the group stage, they crumbled limply to 211 all out and the bowlers failed to fire as Pakistan strolled to their target with nearly 13 overs to spare.
"We left ourselves short today adapting to conditions," Morgan told a news conference. "It's a big frustration because I think we've played some great cricket in this tournament so far, and we weren't anywhere close to it today."
England had scored over 300 in five of the last six one-day internationals in which they batted first.
But after grafting to 128 for two to lay a solid platform against Pakistan, they lost eight wickets for 83 runs in an innings which included only 15 fours and not a single six.
Ben Stokes, usually one of the most destructive batsmen in world cricket, needed 64 balls to scrape together 34 runs and they failed to muster a single boundary on a pitch Morgan described as difficult to bat on.
"The wicket was obviously slow and low and hard to get away to start with," Morgan said. "Every partnership we had started behind the rate, which put us under the pump a little bit, and none of our batsmen seemed to get away."
Morgan denied that England had been complacent after dominant victories over Bangladesh, New Zealand and world champions Australia in the group stage and a run of 11 wins in their last 12 one-day internationals.
"Certainly not, not overconfident," they said. "We played against some really good sides recently, and we've managed to beat them. Certainly, that hasn't gone to our heads at all."
Morgan promised that the humbling loss to Pakistan would not change their team's approach as they continue to prepare for the 2019 World Cup.
"One of the huge contributing factors towards topping our table and playing very good cricket in the group stages is that we've stayed true to what we believe in and what's worked for us the last couple of years, and I think that's the continued formula for the future," they said.
"Certainly, I think we're moving in the right direction."
(Editing by Toby Davis)
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho is already plotting how to catch Manchester City next season — after taking their lead from Man United predecessor Sir Alex Ferguson.
Ferguson admitted Mourinho's Chelsea forced their Red Devils to up their game when the Special One led the Londoners to consecutive Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006.
Now, Mourinho finds themselves in a similar position with Pep Guardiola's City, conceding United will have to step up a significant level next season if they are to bridge a gap that stands at 15 points with 13 games to go.
(Image: AMA/WBA FC via Getty)
“I always remember Sir Alex said in 2005-06, when we won the second title with Chelsea, that we [United] need to improve a lot because they've raised the bar to such a level,” said Mourinho, whose United side host struggling Huddersfield on Saturday.
“They [Chelsea] won two titles in a row - the second title was easier than the first - and then the biggest manager in the Premier League said United needed to improve a lot.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“That was the click for the improvement of the team. In 2006-07, United won the title back.
“It has to be like that.
“That's why every match until the end of the season is an important match for us. It's not just about the points and finishing in the top four, which is important.
“We must try to finish second, try to play the best we can and improve the players individually the best we can and be the best possible team at the end of the season.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Then we must try to start next season in a good way, like we did this season, but try to be consistent and not to lose points like we did in some matches where we shouldn't.”
Mourinho admitted United's £89million record signing Paul Pogba, who they subbed after just 63 minutes in Wednesday's 2-0 defeat to Tottenham, is far from the finished article.
Pogba's lack of defensive discipline was seen by many as a reason why United capitulated so easily at Wembley, with Mourinho acknowledging their scope for improvement.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“He's a young player, below 25, so of course they have some things to improve,” the 55-year-old said of the France international midfielder.
“But it's not just Paul, it's every player. Every player has a chance to improve until the end of their career, especially the ones below 26, 27. They always have areas to improve.”
The United boss also revealed they have bluntly advised Marouane Fellaini, set to be out of contract at the end of the season, to sign the new deal he's been offered to continue at Old Trafford.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
(Image: PA Wire)
The 30-year-old Belgian midfielder is facing up to two months out with a fresh knee injury and Mourinho revealed:
“I told them yesterday: 'Sign the contract and shut up. Don't gamble too much. Sign the contract before you know the extent of the injury.'"
The Massachusetts House and Senate this week both passed a supplemental budget bill that includes $15 million for school districts educating students who came from Puerto Rico in the week of Hurricane Maria.
Senate Ways and Means chairperson Karen Spilka, D-Ashland, said, "It is our duty to welcome these students with open arms and ensure they continue to have access to high-quality education."
Since September, more than 2,300 students have fled hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico and arrived in Massachusetts. The formula that calculates state aid to local schools was established before the students arrived, so school districts have not received extra money to educate these students.
The $15 million would be distributed based on the existing local education aid formula, and the amount districts get would depend on how many additional students they have.
Springfield has accepted more Puerto Rican students than any other city in Massachusetts.
Baker introduced the bill asking for more money on Monday.
The House voted on the bill Wednesday and the Senate voted Thursday. Minor differences between the two bills will be negotiated between the two bodies before the bill makes it to Baker's desk.
"This extra money is certainly going to go a long way in making sure we're able to provide top quality education," said Rep. Angelo Puppolo, D-Springfield.
Sen. Eric Lesser, D-Longmeadow, said, "As we welcome new students from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands who have lost everything they know because of a natural disaster, we must also support our schools and local institutions that are doing their best to serve them."
Sen. Jim Welch, D-West Springfield, said, "Our communities welcomed these students and families and it is important that they receive adequate reimbursement and funding going forward to support the students."
WARE -- One person has been displaced and a dog is undergoing medical treatment following a Saturday morning fire at a home of Sczygiel Road, according to Ware fire officials.
Ware Fire Department Deputy Chief Ed Wloch said firefighters responded to reports of a house fire at 113 Sczygiel Rd. just before 7 a.m. Saturday. Crews extinguished the blaze by about 10 a.m.
Wloch noted that a firefighter, who was injured after slipping and falling at the site, has been treated and released.
Firefighters, they added, also revived a dog found unresponsive at the fire. The animal has been brought to Boston Road Animal Hospital for further treatment.
The cause of the fire remains under investigation, but it is not believed to have been suspicious, Wloch said.
The Red Cross is now working to help the home's single resident, who was displaced by the fire along with three dogs.
Wloch estimated that the fire caused up to about $50,000 in damage at the home. Despite that, they said, the house did not appear to have suffered any major structural damage in the fire.
© Reuters
The Pentagon's Defense Security Cooperation Agency "delivered the required certification notifying Congress of this possible sale" on Friday, the DSCA said in a statement The Saudi government has requested 44 THAAD launchers, 360 Interceptor missiles, 16 Fire Control and Communications Mobile Tactical Station Groups and seven AN/TPY-2 THAAD radars, according to the DSCA."This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a friendly country. This sale furthers US national security and foreign policy interests, and supports the long-term security of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf region in the face of Iranian and other regional threats," the agency said."This notice of a potential sale is required by law and does not mean the sale has been concluded," the DSCA added.
BATTLEFORD, Sask. — A Saskatchewan farmer who was acquitted last month in the fatal shooting of a young Indigenous man is to be back in court April 16 to face gun charges.
Gerald Stanley was charged in November 2016 with two counts of unsafe storage of firearms and their case was up Monday in a North Battleford, Sask., courtroom.
The charges relate to the police investigation that began after 22-year-old Colten Boushie was shot and killed on Stanley's farm in August 2016.
Some of Boushie's family were outside court holding signs that read ''Justice Against Institutional Racism'' and ''Blood On Your Hands.''
Stanley wasn't in court nor was their lawyer, Scott Spencer, who called in for the proceeding.
The Crown asked for more time in the case.
Penalties for unsafe storage of a firearm range from a conditional discharge — which means no criminal record — to a fine, to a prison sentence.
Last month, a jury found Stanley not guilty of second-degree murder in Boushie's death.
Boushie was one of five young people who drove onto Stanley's farm near Biggar in 2016. Their friends testified they were looking for help with a flat tire.
Stanley told the trial they thought they were trying to steal an all-terrain vehicle. They testified they fired warning shots to scare them away and the gun accidentally went off again when they went to pull the keys from their SUV.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City will be looking to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since the middle of December tonight evening up at Bolton.
While only a cricket score can send them outright second in the league, the Robins can go equal with Derby temporarily with a win and put some pressure on the other teams around them to win.
However, Bolton have won three of the last five league games and have knocked over Cardiff and Sheffield United of late so will be nobody's mugs, despite being weakened by selling top scorer Gary Madine on Wednesday.
Here are Lee Johnson's selection decision for tonight…
Who takes Nathan Baker's place?
Some believe that Bailey Wright will move into the middle with Korey Smith dropping to right-back and Liam Walsh coming into the side, or Josh Brownhill playing in the middle.
However, that risks unseating three players from their usual positions, although Wright is naturally a centre-back.
I believe that Hordur Magnusson might get another shot centrally, with Joe Bryan dropping to left back enabling Wright and Smith to stay where they are in the side.
With options such as Ryan Kent and Lois Diony able to come into the side, Johnson has plenty of options at least.
Will Lois Diony play?
The former Saint-Etienne forward got 16 minutes against QPR and showed some rapid pace and a sure touch. It's unlikely that he'll start tonight with Bobby Reid and Famara Diedhiou in great form against the Hoops last weekend.
Indeed Diedhiou put in their best showing yet in a Robins shirt in my eyes, and I'm sure they will lead the line with Reid just behind.
But Diony could well see some action later in the game as they adapt to Championship football.
Does Ryan Kent keep their spot on the wing?
Being away from home will Lee Johnson look for a slightly more defensive first XI, or will they stick with the same attacking side as last week, with Joe Bryan at left-back and attacking from deep?
Johnson may well seize the day and go for it, with Wanderers arguably weakened by their deadline day trading.
The Lancashire side has lost their target man but still have a decent record at home. Phil Parkinson and co shouldn't be underestimated, and Kent's pace on the break could be a telling factor in the televised Friday night game.
Alternatively Jamie Paterson and Josh Brownhill could play on the flanks as they have done for most of the season. Johnson has good strength in depth in this department and may opt to rotate to rest key players, though this match bags for the strongest team as the opportunity to go equal second in the league beckons.
An Austin fourth grader takes home third place in fire poster contest.
Addison Boysen's, from Neveln Elementary School in Austin, Junior Fire Poster was locally selected and submitted to the Minnesota Minnesota State Fire Chiefs Association (MSFCA) Fire Prevention Poster Contest in December 2016.
Them poster was chosen as a third place winner in the state competition.
Approximately 400 fourth grade students from Banfield, Neveln, Southgate, Sumner and Pacelli participated in the contest.
An investigation into racist abuse of a Peterborough United player by Bristol Rovers fans during Posh's 4-1 victory at the weekend has been launched.
Although the Posh player has not been named, Bristol Rovers have confirmed they are investigating after allegations of racial taunts were made for the club's second match in a row.
A statement on the Bristol Rovers website reads: “We pride ourselves on having some of the best supporters in the country, but sadly that reputation has been tarnished on the last two Saturdays and we are very concerned that a very small minority of our so-called fans are known to have directed racial abuse at players.
“Everyone at the club is disappointed that racist comments have surfaced again after so much work has been undertaken, by this club and football in general, to stamp out what was once a major problem in the game.”
Bristol Rovers Safety Officer, Dave Parker, added: “It is with regret that as the Safety Officer that I write this article.
“Sadly at Charlton there was an allegation made against one of our travelling fans relating to racist behaviour.
“At our first home match I received a couple of independent complaints concerning racist abuse. One stated that it was aimed at a Posh player and the other against one of our own players.
“I and my fellow Rovers colleagues, plus no doubt 99.9% of our brilliant supporters, are appalled by these incidents. Not only is it illegal and could cost us a points deduction and/or a fine, it does nothing to support our family club image.
“I know that emotions run high but it is not acceptable behaviour and does not set a good example to our Young Pirates.
“Please, if you witness any such incidents, I would ask you to report them immediately to me and my team via the email below.”
KickItOut@bristolrovers.co.uk
NOW that Tesco has announced its intention to stop selling 5p carrier bags, I might even forgive the multi-billion supermarket chain for those annoying television adverts which shove “food love stories” down our throats.
Frankly, I don't much care whether that exam-stressed teenager relishes their paprika burgers or whether nana's magic soup cures all ills. It's a load of flannel designed to flog groceries and guilt-trip people who eat ready meals. I do, however, care very much about the environment, wildlife and saving money.
If Tesco wants to wear its conscience and feel-good credentials on its very-influential sleeve, this is definitely the way to go. The ban will come into force at the end of this month. It follows a 10-week trial in three locations which has led to a 25 per cent cut in bag sales as shoppers opted for a largely-recycled “bag for life” or brought their own.
I trust that the countryside around Aberdeen, Dundee and Norwich, where the trial took place, is now rather more clean and tidy. Fewer plastic bags strewn in hedgerows. Less chance of dogs and livestock choking. Landfill sites feeling the difference. And rivers and streams allowed to run free to the sea without taking such detritus with them directly into the stomachs of precious sea creatures. Experts estimate that plastic is eaten by 31 species of marine mammals and more than 100 species of seabirds across the world. Think how far that plastic bag could float in a year.
I don't think I need to remind you about those whales dying in agony, their entire intestines wrapped around with plastic thrown so carelessly away. Or perhaps I do. When you're in a hurry it can seem a very long way from the self-serve till to the ocean waves. It's easy just to shove everything into the cheapest bag possible and make a run for it home.
The fate of that 5p plastic bag you so hastily purchased can seem very insignificant. Yet choosing not to buy it helps the environment in so many ways. For a start, it's highly likely that it won't be made from recycled materials, so it's using up precious resources and energy by simply existing.
It's also not likely to be bio-degradable, so it will stick around for longer than nana's soup. Hundreds of years, possibly. And it costs you money personally every time you buy one. Why would any sane person keep shelling out for an item they could pay for just once?
My own attitude towards cheap plastic bags is not only driven by concern for nature and the environment, but thrift. How I remember the fuss when the charge for carrier bags was introduced in October 2015. There was fighting in the aisles (literally in some towns and cities) as shoppers struggled to accept that what was once free would now have to be paid for.
Once the dust had settled I took stock. For years I had collected carrier bags. I had bags of bags all over the house, hoarded through what I now recognise as guilt. I didn't want to throw them away because it seemed so well, wasteful, in all senses of the word.
I had them in the kitchen, the cellar, even stashed in the bedrooms and bathrooms, where I argued that they might “come in for emergencies”. Well, that came in the need to move house, which we did last year. And every single carrier bag that didn't find a use in the packing had to go.
My solution? I distributed them by the sackful to a range of local charity shops, as I discovered carriers are always in short supply for voluntary organisations. And then I reassessed my bag-buying habits, partly because we moved to a smaller house with fewer cupboards to hide them in.
I have refused 5p carrier bags for a year now, and will only buy a 10p “bag-for-life” if absolutely forced. I have, however, indulged in a series of what I like to think of as rather dashing heavy-duty shopping bags decorated with witty slogans which I try my damnedest to remember every time I venture forth.
If a reformed bag-aholic like me can change their ways, there is hope for us all. My first concern is for the environment, but a close second is saving money. I simply cannot see the point in paying over and over again for something I already have.
Sainsbury's has already banned 5p bags with relatively little fanfare. Tesco is grabbing all the headlines, but in this case that's no bad thing. Let us hope that now such a major supermarket chain has taken a stance, other retailers take heed. Cheap carrier bags belong in the bin, permanently.
MAKKAH — The mother of the man who attempted suicide in the Grand Mosque said their son was mentally unstable, Al-Madinah reported.
Umm Mohammad said their son has a medical record in Shihar Mental Hospital in Taif.
“My son's mental health deteriorated after their father died and they did not get their rightful inheritance. My son is 36 years old and they are the eldest of my seven children. They used to work with their father. They were not able to have a stable job due to the unstable circumstances they went through,” said Umm Mohammad.
They added their relatives took over their father's house and some of their properties in Al-Shabika, Jarwal, and Mount Al-Madafi.
“The relatives released a deed declaring that the inheritance will pass on to them instead of my son without their consent or consultation. I was concerned about my son and I feared they would seek revenge and harm their relatives,” said Umm Mohammad.
They added they put their own son in jail to prevent them from harming others.
“Two years ago, my son tried to burn themselves alive at the General Court as a form of protest against the court's decision to give the properties to their relatives and not him. We live on social insurance and financial aids from charity organizations,” said Umm Mohammad.
They added they suffer from cirrhosis and they just came back from abroad where they were being treated for more than three months.
“I knew about what happened at the Grand Mosque when I was abroad. I had to expedite my treatment so I can come back to Saudi Arabia and be next to my son. I gave the Bureau of Investigation and Public Prosecution all medical and legal papers I have concerning my son,” said Umm Mohammad.
They added their son would have never committed such a horrid crime at the Grand Mosque if they aren't so unjustly treated by their own relatives.
Nanaimo Mounties are warning the public that thefts from vehicles in 2018 have jumped by double-digit percentages above last year's figures and thieves will steal anything, even raisins.
According to police there were 138 reported thefts from vehicles – 32 per cent more than for the same period for 2017 when there were 95 reported thefts. The spike in reported thefts in May represents a trend for 2018, so far, with 711 thefts from vehicles reported from Jan. 1 to May 11, compared to 504 last year.
The most frequently stolen items are men's wallets, taken from vehicles that nearly half of the time were left unlocked.
“Door checkers, as they are called, simply meander through neighbourhoods, often late at night trying door handles,” said Const. Gary O'Brien, Nanaimo RCMP spokesperson, said in a press release. “When they find an unlocked door, in they go and they take whatever they can find.”
RELATED: Maclean's magazine ranks Nanaimo as Island's third-most-dangerous city
RELATED: Unsolved crimes in Nanaimo
O'Brien went on to say that lately, smartphones left in vehicles are even being passed over when wallets are found because credit cards, driver's licences, social insurance cards, care cards and other documents contain personal financial and health information that can be easily used to set up lines of credit in the owner's name, drain bank accounts and even destroy credit status.
“One person recently said the only item taken from their unlocked vehicle was a pack of raisins,” O'Brien said. “They appeared to get off easy, but their daughter had nightmares afterwards wondering if the bad man would come back again.”
Vehicle owners are advised to never leave anything in plain view in vehicles and to ensure they are never left unlocked when unattended and to immediately report suspicious activity.
O'Brien suggests residents take a look around their neighbourhoods before retiring for the night and if they see someone acting suspiciously to take some action, such as simply waving or saying hello, to let that person know they have been seen and deter thefts. If the suspicious behaviour warrants police response, report it to the Nanaimo RCMP non-emergency line at 250-754-2345.
28 June 2018: To apply for professional immigration to Australia the procedures have been broken down for the last years with the help of CDR Australia writers and their exclusive services. Engineers Australia body is the department which is responsible for approval of any application. There are plenty of services for those aspiring individuals to attain a PR. The services catered are, writing a CDR Australia engineers report which is the major, preparation of career episodes, review and rewrite a rejected CDR, and provide summary statements by summarizing the whole career episode.
The primary 3 phases of the services that we provide are, write, review and tutor. CDR writing is the process that follows from the start till end, from creating a CV to preparing a Career Episode to create a summary statement at ease. Reviewing is the process of rating and reporting any CDR report for Australia Document. The quality expected of the EA is 100% accuracy, or else every document is rejected. The report is also checked for plagiarism and removed or declined if found. Since they are very particular in being legit, they refuse if found guilty. Since they insist on different CDR reports, plagiarism tools have been implemented to ensure the report is 100% original.
The CDR report is checked for spelling, punctuations, and grammar too. The entire report is cross-checked before completion. CDR tutoring services are catered for those who want a guide to create their own CDR report. Tutors who are also skilled writers undertake one to one personalized care to produce a story for an individual. Tutoring also involves providing samples to create a CDR report, which acts as a reference to the new release that is going to be built. The tutoring services involve both in person and online classes but aim at useful results.
Contact us:
Website: https://cdraustralia.org/
Email: contact@cdraustralia.org
Aftermath of intrusion still causing anxiety for Langley teen
When Langley City resident Judy heard their daughter Emma scream, they thought the 17-year-old had seen a spider.
Then they heard Emma yelling, “get out, get out!”
The teen was yelling at a man who was trying to climb in through their second-storey bedroom window.
It was shortly after 11 p.m.
The casement window was open because it was a warm night and Emma's south-facing bedroom is the hottest room in the Langley City house.
“It was a couple of days after school was out for the summer and was one of those super hot nights, so upstairs windows were open as we don't have a/c,” said Judy, who asked that their last name and the real name of their daughter not be published.
Them husband came running in time to see the man jumping over the back fence into neighbouring yards and across another fence before sprinting out to the road toward a nearby park.
RCMP arrived in minutes.
“The police were absolutely excellent,” Judy said.
“They had the police dog here right away.”
The dog was able to follow the scent until it crossed into a heavy foot traffic area in nearby Brydon Park.
One frustrated police officer told Judy that they wished they could turn themselves into a helicopter to look for the suspect.
That was in late June, shortly after school closed for the summer.
More than a month later, even with the assistance of victim services, the after-effects of the attempted break-in still have the 17-year-old rattled.
“I had just turned off the light,” Emma told the Times.
Then they saw a shadow move and realized a man was climbing in through their window.
They were in all black or dark clothing and had their hoodie pulled up over theirs face.
“I was so scared I could barely move,” Emma said.
Then they started yelling and the man fled.
At first, they thought they were fine.
They spent the weekend with their grandparents, then came home and immediately suffered an anxiety attack, re-living the feeling of going into shock when they saw a shadow and realized someone was in their room.
“I went into panic mode,” Emma said.
“I started freaking out. I was screaming and carrying on.”
When they couldn't shake it, their father and grandfather took them to the hospital ER.
Sitting in the waiting room at the hospital, the anxiety continued until someone found them a quiet room where they could sit with them back to the wall.
After about three hours, Emma was able to go home.
“I slept with the lights on for at least a week,” they said.
“If I was home alone, I would have to have the wall behind me. I felt like I had to lock the windows and keep the lights on.”
These days, she's OK, they said, but there will be moments where the fear comes flashing back.
“It's a come-and-go thing” Emma said.
“Most of the summer, I have been struggling with anxiety.”
The family has taken steps to make a repeat invasion through a window impossible.
They decided to tell their story after the Langley RCMP issued a public warning about burglars gaining entrance through unlocked windows.
“Even though it is unbearably hot during the night, residents are cautioned to consider home security,” said Langley RCMP Cpl. Holly Largy.
“If you are going to leave a window open … you should employ some kind of security brace and only leave the window open a couple inches.”
Police suggest residents ‘make the rounds' before going to bed each night:
Have you taken valuables and garage door openers out of your car?
Is your car parked in the driveway or garage and is it locked?
Are the doors to the house locked?
Are windows braced or closed and locked on the main level?
Consider making yourself a security checklist to keep your property and family safe, they advise.
There have been a number of complaints of screens having been removed or cut from ground floor windows in the Langley City area.
Earlier this month, a house in Murrayville was robbed while the owners were sleeping. A laptop, wallet and cash were taken.
It appeared the suspects gained entry through the home office window and nothing was heard likely due to fans and air conditioning units.
RELATED STORY: New mail theft warning issued by Langley RCMP
RELATED STORY: Fake tax collector scam resurfaces in Langley
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
GREENFIELD - For some dedicated runners, there was not a snowball's chance in ... well, let's just say they weren't about to miss the four-mile Sleigh Bell Run Saturday at the 96th annual Greenfield Winter Carnival.
Thirty-six runners answered nature's call - which, in this case - meant a temperature of 20 degrees, with a wind chill of 5 degrees at the start of the race at Hope and Olive streets.
Inside the aptly named Hope & Olive restaurant, which served as race headquarters thanks to operators Jim and Maggie Zaccara and Evelyn Wulfkuhle, Greenfield Recreation Director Christy Moore enjoyed the warmth before starting the race. "I've got to layer up before I go outside," they said. Aaron Stone of Greenfield was the first to cross the line, with a time of 22:20. "It was cold, but not too bad in the sun."
The 96th annual Greenfield Winter Carnival featured a jam-packed weekend with outdoor and indoor activities for young and old.
The carnival continues Sunday, beginning with Breakfast with Olaf at The 99 Restaurant from 8 to 10 a.m. in addition to a cookie bake-off and a chili cook-off. If nature doesn't cooperate and deliver some overnight snow, some events may be cancelled. Check greenfieldrecreation.com for cancellations. Snow or no snow, Moore said people will be able to see entries in the cardboard sled race at Beacon Field.
Highlights on Friday including the creation of ice sculptures by artists in front of downtown businesses, a torch lighting on the Town Common and the fourth annual Parade of Lights. In addition to the road race, Saturday's events included youth basketball games, a fun fest for families at the Youth Center on Sanderson Street, face painting and crafts, and an exhibit of art by Greenfield Middle School students.
Redemption Weekend in The Beatdown - Robert DeLong ft K. Flay vs Matt And Kim vs Cemetery Sun - RESULTS HERE!VOTE all Weekend long for the band most deserving of another shot at the Championship!!!
Dave and Mahoney Podcast: 03-15-2018 / Christmas Pico de GalloOur Question of the Day asks, "What is your fat kid confession"?
The X-Effect Playlist: 10pm - Midnight - 03/18/2018ENJOY 2 hours of New, Local Music, EmergeLV Artists and more!!!
Jane's Addiction's Perry Farrell Unveils New Vegas Experience 'Kind Heaven'Farrell is sharing a brand-new dream with the world.
Dave and Mahoney Podcast: 03-16-2018 / You're Naughty ... You Really AreWe play Bleeped BS and find out who's the best speller in the Super Stupid Spelling Bee
X107.5 Contest RulesCheck out details on all the latest X107.5 contests.
X107.5's Broke Ass Retirement Fund (B.A.R.F.)Wanna win some money? Heck yeah, you do! We've got $12,000 a day just burning a hole in our pocket -- and we wanna give it to you!
Mark Hoppus talks to the Dave and Mahoney Morning ShowMark Hoppus called into the Dave and Mahoney Morning Show to talk about Blink-182's residency at the Pearl inside the Palms, new generation of fans, and their favorite rides at Disneyland.
Become an X1075 VIP!Join our E-Club to become an X107.5 VIP!
DAM Videos Of The Day / 03-15-2018Videos of an anchor saying FitB*tch, an acid trip to Oregon, and Elsa saves police officers.
Edward D. "Jed" Bullard, chairperson of the Bullard board of directors, has named Victoria "Wells" Bullard as the company's new CEO. A family-owned company, Wells Bullard represents the fifth generation of family leadership at Bullard.
As one of their first acts as CEO, Bullard promoted Peter Lugo from COO to president.
For more information, visit www. bullard.com or call (859) 234-6616.
With dedication to diversifying newsrooms, a listening ear to urban dwellers talking about their neighborhoods and the commitment to radio for almost their entire career, Jerome Vaughn is clearly outstanding. They join three other journalists inducted next month into the Michigan Journalism Hall of Fame.
Vaughn, the news director of WDET-FM on Wayne State University's campus, has broken some of the biggest stories in and about Detroit. These include reactions to Civil Rights hero Rosa Parks' death, interviews with 400 Detroiters on what they would like to see happen in their town and government, and a salute to the legendary Detroit radio station WQBH.
“One of the reasons I love this profession, is that I get the opportunity to talk to interesting people, get to know them better, and write about their lives,” says Vaughn.
Friends and coworkers stepped up to speak on behalf of Vaughn a former board member of the Society of Professional Journalists – Detroit and a former vice president of the National Association of Black Journalists – Detroit Chapter.
“Jerome Vaughn's titles are formally news director and “All Things Considered” host, but they are really an anchor in the broadest sense of the word,” says W. Kim Heron, senior communications officer for the Kresge Foundation, long-time fan and past inductee. “He's there, rock solid, reassuring and reflective as a day-to-day-voice for public radio in Detroit, and he's a dependable anchor for the long-term, long arc perspective in Detroit and the region that he's the heart of.”
They will be inducted April 15 in a banquet at Michigan State University along with former Detroit Free Press columnist Susan Ager, automotive journalist John McElroy and Central Michigan University educator Jim Wojcik.
Over 140 journalists have been inducted since 1985 including Detroit News columnist Betty DeRamus, Bill Black, WJR Detroit Reporter, Arise Detroit's Luther Keith and Michigan Chronicle publisher Longworth Quinn.
Vaughn was nominated by Alicia Nails, J.D., who directs Wayne State's Journalism Institute for Media Diversity. “Born and raised in Detroit,” Nails said, “Vaughn considers dispelling myths about their hometown a crucial part of their job. . . At the heart of Vaughn's mission is the ideal of telling the truth.”
Listening to the truth has become a lifelong past time for the man with the authoritative voice.
When they were just five years old, Vaughn tells how they fell in love with a little yellow transistor radio and listened to Walter Cronkite, Charles Collingwood and Eric Sevareid while other kids listened to rock-and-roll.
By 1992 they had landed a job on WDET producing an evening local news magazine and directing a monthly call-in show. In 1996 the National Public Radio tapped them for one of six fellowships nationwide to increase diversity. They produced features for Morning Edition and All things Considered.
Other than a three-year stint in California after college, the news directorship at Michigan Radio, and some freelance work, Vaughn has lived in Detroit and worked for WDET throughout their career.
“Jerome developed a mentoring program where interns would get the kind of hands-on experience seen in very few newsrooms,” writes Don Gonyea, national political correspondent for NPR.
“As they gained skills and experience, they'd be given more demanding assignments and tougher deadlines,” they add. “And they'd be treated with the professional respect of a veteran reporter. Talented young journalists emerged, and the audience was served by the work product of this deceptively robust news operation. And orchestrating it all was Jerome Vaughn.”
Over the years when Detroit has been cheered, jeered and resoundingly cheered again, Vaughn has been there to chronicle the experiences as an intern, producers, reporter, assistant news director, executive producer, news/program director and news director since 2007.
“Jerome taught me a lot – although I didn't realize it at the time,” says Sarah Hulett, senior editor, Michigan Radio. “How to stay cool under pressure, how to listen, how to cultivate meaningful working relationships, and, of course, how much pizza to order on election night.”
In their spare time, Vaughn relishes historical reading, gardening and coaching their kids' soccer teams. They have a wife and eight children, and at least a hundred alumni who cheer them in their latest career attainment in the Michigan Journalism Hall of Fame.
“It's been quite a ride. I'm thrilled about this honor from the Michigan Journalism Hall of Fame and will cherish it for the rest of my life. But, there's still plenty of work to be done,” says Vaughn.
Photo: K24 Tv Digital
Uasin Gishu governor Jackson Mandago has accused the office of deputy president William Ruto for allegedly hatching a plot to influence the outcome of Jubilee Party nominations slated for Friday 21 ST.
Speaking during a campaign rally for their re-election bid, at Ziwa trading centre in Soy sub-county, Mandago who was accompanied by Kapsaret MP Oscar Sudi accused two senior officials at the deputy president's office for behind a scheme to rig the outcome of the party primaries in Uasin Gishu county.
Test Boost Elite It invokes your frame's natural mechanism to address sexual disorders correctly. complement offers effective treatment for oligospermia and boosts lean muscles, staying power, stamina and pride in lovemaking. It is dietary supplements your frame with important vitamins and supercharges your reproductive organs to boom strength and energy. It boosts male potency and fertility. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Christina Pelley, one of the group's teacher sponsors, said the three girls discussed everything from statistics on mental health and LGBTQ youth, to what a rainbow crosswalk represents.
Three teenagers from Indian River High School's Gender-Sexuality Alliance spoke at Monday night's council meeting. They hoped to convince local politicians to reverse their decision.
But there was no hint Tuesday if or when the request for a widely embraced symbol of inclusion will be reconsidered.
SPRINGDALE, N.L.— There's growing support for students who made another pitch to town councillors after they voted down a rainbow crosswalk in Springdale, N.L., unleashing fierce debate.
“They did a fantastic job and whatever happens, it's a positive for those girls and for the entire group,” they said Tuesday. “There are a lot of conversations that have been started — important conversations that will keep going no matter what the result is, whether we get our rainbow crosswalk or not.”
Councillors didn't vote on the presentation.
Lorinda Goudie, administrative assistant for the Town of Springdale, said Tuesday there is no follow-up meeting planned.
They said it's not known if or when there will be another vote on the crosswalk. No one from the council was immediately available to comment.
Earlier this month, the council voted four to three against painting the crosswalk — something that has been done across the country as a symbol of welcome and support for the LGBTQ community.
Mayor Dave Edison, who cast the deciding vote, told a local Nor'Wester reporter they do not discriminate against anyone.
“I am just worried that, while they are asking for this to show inclusion, I think it is actually going to create a division,” they said. “I have had people speak to me already about not wanting to see it there. I don't want to create that [animosity] in town.”
Prominent Newfoundlanders ridiculed the rejection on social media.
“If you're a LGBTQ kid in Springdale, please know that there are a whole lot of people in Newfoundland and Labrador that support you,” tweeted comedian Mark Critch, anchor of CBC's This Hour Has 22 Minutes.
“Inclusion never divides. Your mayor is being a tool. You're awesome.”
The crosswalk cause is taking on a life of its own online. A Go Fund Me page dubbed “Paint the Town Gay!” had raised more than double its $500 goal by Tuesday afternoon.
“Monies raised will cover the cost of paint supplies, so the town doesn't have to worry about taxpayer dollars,” said Adam Elliott, who created the account Friday. They posted that he's from rural Newfoundland and Labrador but now lives in Sydney, N.S.
Adrian Brett, who grew up in Springdale, has so far collected more than 3,000 signatures on an online petition they launched Friday, urging their hometown to approve the rainbow.
“I was really taken aback when I heard about their decision because I don't feel that reflects the majority of the people who actually live in Springdale.”
Brett said the town of about 3,000 people includes a mix of Pentecostal and more “liberal Christian” groups.
“Acceptance and tolerance and a willingness to include others was a good thing,” they said of their upbringing. “It was something to be celebrated and encouraged.”
Brett said if council is stalling, hoping the issue will go away, it won't.
“They need to realize that they're now under a bit of a national microscope,” they said from Victoria, B.C., where they work as an urban planner.
“It's time that council wake up and realize it's 2018, and they have a decision to make. I hope they make the right one.”
Henderson hopes 'world class' Coutinho stays at Liverpool
Philippe Coutinho's future has overshadowed the start of Liverpool's season, but Jordan Henderson claims the players are not distracted.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 23:22 IST
Philippe Coutinho (L) and Jordan Henderson (R)
Jordan Henderson wants Barcelona target Philippe Coutinho to stay at Liverpool, as the captain seeks to remain focused on the Champions League play-off against Hoffenheim.
According to the club, Coutinho is suffering from a back problem and missed Liverpool's 3-3 draw at Watford on Saturday as a consequence.
The Brazil international has not travelled with the squad for the match at the Rhein-Neckar Arena on Tuesday and reportedly submitted a transfer request last week, shortly after Liverpool's owners Fenway Sports Group announced they will not consider any offers for the 25-year-old.
Speaking to the media in Germany, Henderson said: "It's a difficult situation for Phil but, as players, we're fully focused on the job at hand.
"You expect things like this in transfer windows but you've got to stick together and focus on what's important for the team, and that's the game tomorrow.
"Everyone would want Phil to stay because he's a world-class player.
"If I've had conversations with Phil, it's obviously private.
"I don't think I can influence the situation but I can have conversations with Phil.
"He's my team-mate and I'm close to him, I've got a lot of respect for him, but at the end of the day everything that happens has got nothing to do with me."
Liverpool finished fourth in the Premier League last season to earn an opportunity to return to UEFA's elite club competition, having made a swift exit in the group stage during their most recent appearance in 2014-15.
"It's a great opportunity for us as a team," Henderson said.
"We're looking forward to it and hopefully we can get a good result to take back to Anfield.
"It's a big test. Qualifying for the Champions League was an aim last season and we need to finish it off.
"Hoffenheim are a good side but if we perform to the level that I know we can, I'm confident that we can get through to the group stage."
Liverpool's previous foray into continental competition saw them lose the 2015-16 Europa League final 3-1 to Sevilla, leaving Henderson hoping to use that painful defeat as motivation this time around.
"It was a tough night for us. Losing a European final was difficult but you've got to use that and make sure it doesn't happen again," they said.
"We've got to use that anger to help us have a good European campaign and help us to go forward.
"Obviously tomorrow is important but you've got to have it in the back of your mind that it's two legs."
Bangladesh was all out for only 43 before lunch on the opening day as West Indies right-arm quick Kemar Roach destroyed the tourists with figures of 5-8 in the first test on Wednesday.
Fast-medium bowler Miguel Cummins took 3-11 as Bangladesh's innings lasted just 18.4 overs.
Opener Liton Das was the only batsman to reach double figures and their 25 was more than half their side's total.
West Indies won the toss and chose to bowl at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
© REUTERS/Baz Ratner
An Israeli man has avoided jail time and instead been sentenced to 100 days community service for their role in a mob beating of an Eritrean asylum seeker mistaken for a terrorist in the aftermath of an attack.The Beersheba District Court sentenced David Muial, 33, on Wednesday, for their participation in the 2015 mob beating of Haftom Zarhum, 29, as they lay bleeding on the floor of a bus station.In October 2015, Zarhum was an innocent bystander during a bus station gun attack by an Arab Israeli. The attack left four people dead and 10 wounded. They were shot during the ensuing chaos by a security guard who mistook them for being involved in the attack.As they bled out on the bus station floor, Zarhum was set upon by an agitated crowd who beat them repeatedly with blows to the head while others, including Muial, dropped a metal bench on him. They died from their wounds in hospital with an autopsy recording the gunshot wound as the primary cause of death.Footage of the incident shows that a total of nine people participated in the attack on Zarhum, however, only four people have since faced charges.Muial, the first of the men to receive a sentence, was convicted of "abusing the helpless" rather than the more serious charge of aggravated assault, which carries a maximum penalty of 20 years. They also have to pay a 2,000 shekel ($560) reparations to Zarhum's family and received an eight month probation period. Their lawyer had asked for a lenient sentence.According to the Jerusalem Post, the Justice Ministry has indicated that Muial's sentence would be the most lenient, due to their fears at the time that the victim was indeed a terrorist.The remaining defendants - Evyatar Damari, soldier Yaakov Shamba and Israel Prisons Service employee Ronen Cohen - are still on trial for the more serious charge of aggravated battery, and the ministry expects them to receive tougher sentences.A fifth suspect, another prison guard, was cleared of criminal charges but recommended for disciplinary charges.Zarhum's family are also in the process of suing the state over the incident, seeking a total of $780,000 in damages. According to Reuters, they allege that police and the security company guarding the bus station were negligent during the incident, which occurred during a wave of Palestinian stabbing and shooting attacks in Israel.
A Denver jury decided on Monday that a country radio DJ did grope Taylor Swift before their concert in 2013, awarding the pop star a symbolic $1 after a week-long trial.
Two years ago, former KYGO radio host David Mueller sued Swift, claiming they were fired after the singer and their team accused them of lifting their dress and touching their buttocks during a meet-and-greet photo backstage at the Pepsi Arena. Mueller denied doing anything inappropriate and sought up to $3 million in damages. Swift then countersued for assault and battery, and asked for $1 in damages - demonstrating that their lawsuit was not about money, and as their attorney said during closing arguments on Monday, represents the fact that "no means no, and it tells every woman that they will determine what is tolerable to their body."
After the verdict was announced, Swift released a statement through their publicist:
On Friday, Judge Martinez threw out Mueller's claim against Swift, and ruled that the singer could not be held personally responsible for Mueller losing their job. They allowed claims against Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, and radio representative, Frank Bell (who contacted Mueller's radio station boss after the concert) to go forward - but the jury found that they were also not liable for Mueller's termination.
The jury deliberated for four hours before coming to a conclusion, according to BuzzFeed reporter Claudia Rosenbaum, who was at the courthouse; they added that Swift's mother started crying and hugged Swift when the verdict was announced.
This marks the end of a trial that drew international coverage, particularly with Swift's very direct testimony last week. When Mueller's attorney asked whether Swift was critical of their bodyguard for not interfering if Mueller had really reached under their skirt, Swift answered, "I'm critical of your client sticking their hand under my skirt and grabbing my ass." After the attorney suggested Swift could have taken a break in the meet-and-greet if they were upset, they responded, "Your client could have taken a normal photo with me."
Mueller maintains they did nothing wrong and said that they may have brushed Swift's ribs when they jumped in the photo at the last minute; they also said it was their radio station boss who touched Swift. In their closing argument, Mueller's lawyer, Gabe McFarland, urged jurors to consider Swift's expression in the photo with Mueller: "Is that the face of someone who's in shock, who is upset? There's nothing to suggest in Ms. Swift's face that anything inappropriate is happening."
Swift's attorney, Douglas Baldridge, countered that it was "crystal clear" that Swift didn't misidentify Mueller, given that most of the pictures they took in the meet-and-greet line were with young female fans. They also told jurors to look at Mueller's face in the picture: "That is a man who is very proud of what they were doing at that moment."
"It makes no sense for Taylor Swift to make up this claim," Baldridge said, who said earlier that Swift's lawsuit "will serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts."
As court ended on Monday, Swift - who has not been seen outside the courtroom - was nowhere to be found. Them brother, Austin Swift, left the courthouse and did not address the group of reporters. Baldridge was seen speaking to the media, saying that the jury "did the right thing."
(c) 2017, The Washington Post. Written by Emily Yahr.
CLEVELAND — Jacoby Ellsbury will serve as New York's designated hitter in Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the Indians.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi is going with Ellsbury over Chase Headley because of their success in the past against Cleveland ace Corey Kluber. Ellsbury has batted .263 (5-19) in their career against Kluber, who went 2-0 with a 1.59 ERA in two starts against New York this season. Headley is just 1 of 14 against Kluber.
The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge. The MVP candidate struck out four times, but Girardi isn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
"I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching them go through some of their ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back," Girardi said. "So I'm not really too concerned about it."
Indians manager Terry Francona made two moves with their lineup. Austin Jackson will start in left field against New York left-hander CC Sabathia, and Yan Gomes will catch Kluber. Roberto Perez started behind the plate in Game 1.
Also, Francona said there's a good chance Michael Brantley will start in left field in Game 3 at Yankee Stadium. Brantley missed 50 games over the final two months with an ankle injury.
However, Brantley, who is available off the bench in Game 2, has made huge progress in recent weeks and Francona is glad the All-Star is back. Brantley missed Cleveland's run to the World Series last year following two shoulder surgeries.
"He helps us win," Francona said. "I'm excited for them because last year they missed out. This year, with a lot of hard work, he's now going to be a part of what we're doing. I know it will mean a lot to him, and because of that, it means a lot to us."
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
India, Pakistan Agree To Kashmir Cease-Fire After Months Of Cross-Border Shelling
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times via Getty Images Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times via Getty Images
After months of lobbing artillery shells across the heavily fortified de facto border that divides Indian and Pakistani areas of control in the Himalayan region of Kashmir, New Delhi and Islamabad say they have reached a rare ceasefire.
In a statement late Tuesday, Pakistan's military said the two sides had agreed to restore peace along the demarcation, known as the Line of Control, that splits bitterly contested, Muslim-majority Kashmir between them.
Pakistan's Dawn newspaper reports that more than 100 Pakistani soldiers have died in nearly 18 months of cross-border artillery duels. The newspaper says the agreement to stop shooting "was reached during a hotline conversation between the Directors General of Military Operations of Pakistani and Indian armies" — Gen. Sahir Shamshad Mirza and Lt. Gen. Anil Chauhan, respectively.
Dawn says the conversation was initiated by the Pakistani side.
The Times of India write: "The development comes after ceasefire violations (CFVs) in just the first five months of 2018 broke all annual records since 2003, with the two armies regularly using light artillery guns, anti-tank guided missiles and heavy mortars to target each other and civilians getting caught in the middle."
India and Pakistan became separate countries after British rule in the subcontinent ended in 1947. However, the fate of Kashmir, a lush and picturesque Himalayan valley, was left undetermined, with both sides claiming the region in its entirety.
Kashmir has been the subject of all but one of the four declared wars since independence for the two countries, both of which now possess nuclear weapons.
Published:
The Rivers High Court in Port Harcourt has nullified the ward, local government and state congresses of the Progressives Congress (APC) held on May 19, 20 and 21 respectively.
Justice Chiwendu Nwogu nullified the congresses in their ruling on Wednesday.
Nwogu also stated that the process leading to the emergence of Mr Ojukaye Flag-Amachree as Rivers Chairman of APC was fraudulent.
They said that the APC should return to the status quo of May 11, 2018, pending the determination of the substantive suit and adjourned until June 26 for further hearing.
Share This
With looming GCSEs, the pressure to fit in and maintain social media profiles that depict an impossibly cool life - 15 is not an easy age to be.
With that in mind, Sheffield High School for Girls gave their Year 10s the opportunity to take stock, and give some serious consideration to the way in which they take care of their physical and mental health in a day designed to equip them with the tools and strategies they need to make it through the ever-stressful Year 11.
From L-R Patrick Johnston from Place 2 Be, Deana Puccio from RAP Project, Maz Udall from Self Esteem Team and Cathy Walker, Director of Sixth Form and organiser of the conference. Picture: Andy Brown
Self-esteem, body image, negative and damaging thought processes, stress, anxiety, lack of motivation and the impact of social media and constant communication were among the topics tackled head-on by a range of speakers at the event, entitled: Warning! This day will be good for your health.
"Life doesn't have to be Instagram perfect," Dr Patrick Johnston, Director of Learning and Practice at national charity, Place2Be told the year group, as they stressed the importance of approaching problems with mental health in the same way you would physical health.
They added: "Most of us go through ups and downs with our health. It's also normal to have ups and downs with your mental health, they follow the same trajectory."
Dr Johnston continued by giving the group their top tips for mental health and well being which included taking time for yourself, being present - which may mean taking a step back from 'addictive' social media platforms, spending time listening to what your mind and body is telling you, being listened to and recognising unhealthy relationships.
Commenting on what they hoped the girls would take away from their session, Dr Johnston said: "It's about feeling comfortable that they can openly and supportively mention the words 'mental health' without feeling stigmatised. I think what the school is trying to do is bring mental health into the mainstream and help them to realise that mental health is a spectrum that everyone is on."
One of the most eye-opening parts of the event was the 'gagging your gremlins' session, run by actor, actor and writer, Stacey Sampson, during which pupils were asked to write down the meanest thought they had ever had about themselves and pass them on to be read out.
Utterances of 'I want to kill myself,' 'I'm fat,' 'I hate my body,' 'I'm not good enough,' 'I'm a disappointment to my family,' were repeated over and over again, highlighting the universal nature of negative - and in some cases, damaging, thought processes.
Stacey then encouraged the group to give their negative internal voice a name, in a bid to distance themselves from it.
The group had fun with the activity, with one girl saying they were going to name their negative voice 'the self-esteem cruncher', while another called theirs 'Billy the horse'.
"I hope they will be able to take away a more positive approach to self care. It's too easy to listen to our negative thoughts," said Stacey.
The group were also asked to consider how people can suffer in silence with their mental health, during a session from Maz Udall from a group of educators called the Self-Esteem Team.
Maz explained how during their teenage years they achieved impressive exam results at the same time as they competed in national and international taekwando tournaments, racking up gold medals and a world title.
They told the group that the way they were perceived through the prism of their achievements meant that they felt alone when dealing with pressure, panic attacks and anxiety, the culmination of which resulted in them attempting to take their own life.
"The reason I go into schools and talk about mental health, is because you don't know what someone is going through. I was a high-flyer, and no-one knew what I was going through because I looked happy," they said.
Maz then went on to speak about different personality types and how this can affect what is likely to be the best method to combat feelings of low motivation and stress.
Deana Puccio from the RAP project delivered an insightful talk about body image and how what we see online impacts on our perception of ourselves, and on our feelings about our appearance in particular.
They said: "The goal is to get these young women to critically examine what they are being shown in the media, with shows such as Love Island, and how they are being manipulated to feel a certain way about themselves and their bodies. With young people, and young women in particular, there's a mental health crisis which is manifesting itself through things like eating disorders, self-harm and depression."
After working on their mental health in the morning, pupils then took part in a range of physical activities including inflatables, a dance class, a yoga class, a nature trail walk and a park run.
Director of Sixth Form, Cathy Walker, said: "My impression of the day is that it has been a great success! The students have already been overwhelmingly positive in their feedback – this from teens, who are not always the most effusive or enthusiastic! So I hope they have brought some tips and strategies away with them for dealing with life when it gets tricky. If nothing else, we have got them thinking and talking about mental health and that is crucial in breaking down any remaining stigma around this topic."
Benfica, European champions in 1961 and 1962, advanced with the fewest points (eight) of any team to this season's knockout phase and are looking to reach the quarter-finals for the third time in six years.
Bruce Power has announced almost $1 billion in contracts for its major component replacement.
On Monday, the nuclear power plant operator announced advanced manufacturing contracts with four manufacturers totalling $914 million.
“By signing these contracts today, we have secured Made in Ontario solutions for the components we will need to successfully complete our MCR projects, extending the life of our site to 2064,” Bruce Power President and CEO Mike Rencheck said in a news release. “Today's announcements represent a $914 million investment in Ontario's highly skilled workforce, which will create untold economic opportunities for the communities in which they operate for many years to come.”
Among the contracts announced Monday were: $642 million to BWXT Canada Inc. to manufacture 32 steam generators at its Cambridge facility; $144 million to Laker Energy Products for end fittings, liners and flow elements at its Oakville location; $62 million for Cameco Fuel Manufacturing in Cobourg for calandria tubes and annulus spacers for all six MCRs; and $66 million for Nu-Tech Precision Metals in Arnprior for the production of zirconium alloy pressure tubes for Units 6 and 3.
The major component replacement is slated to get underway in 2020 beginning with Unit 6, with Units 3 to 8 all to eventually be refurbished, extending the life of the site through 2064. Bruce Power plans to invest $13-billion of its own money into the project, which actually began in 2016 with asset management program investments.
By extending the life of the site, the company has said it will create and sustain 22,000 jobs annually, both directly and indirectly, across Ontario, while investing $4 billion a year into the Ontario economy.
Bruce Power spokesperson John Peevers said Tuesday that Monday's big announcement obviously has a major impact on the communities where the affected companies are located, but it is also good news for the region around Bruce Power.
“The further we get into the process and the closer we get to embarking on that first major component replacement the more spinoff there will be locally, the more incentive there is for some of these companies who haven't located in the area, to do so,” said Peevers. “We are hearing and finding that some of the people who have already set up shop in Bruce-Grey-Huron are looking to expand again.”
So far more than a dozen suppliers of Bruce Power have expanded in the area, more than doubling the number of Bruce Power suppliers with a local presence, with more expected to come.
“We are told there are more coming and I have talked to some that are talking about expanding,” said Peevers. “We expect that will continue this year.”
Peevers said the contracts announced on Monday were some of the biggest for the major component replacement, but more contracts will be signed in the future.
“We have definitely knocked down some of the big ones, but there are still more to come,” said Peevers. “We will continue to keep the community informed about those as we go.”
On Monday, Ontario Energy Minister Glenn Thibeault called the announcement good news for the people of Ontario.
“Bruce Power's Life Extension Program makes sense for Ontario, and the announcements made today will create good jobs and benefit our economy for decades to come,” Thibeault said in the news release. “Moving forward with the refurbishment project is part of our government's plan to support care and opportunity, while producing affordable, reliable and clean energy for the people of Ontario.”
Published:
Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has said they are gunning for the country's presidency to rescue Nigeria from imminent collapse. Atiku noted this on Wednesday in Lagos at the inauguration of the Atiku Mandate Group codenamed TAM-G
They said they want to revamp the country's economy and give everyone a sense of belonging. According to him, vying for presidency is “borne out of genuine desire to serve the people of Nigeria and to help bring the country back to the path of economic growth for the greater good of all Nigerians.
The Peoples Democratic Party chieftain added that the 2019 presidential election was “not about them as a person but for the survival of Nigeria.”
They said, “The Atiku campaign mantra will focus on the acronym (JOBS), which literally means creating jobs for the teeming majority of unemployed Nigerian youths; creating opportunities and the enabling environment for Nigerians to excel in their individual endeavours; reconciling and uniting Nigerians and creating a sense of belonging among all the ethnic groups in the country; and providing adequate and enduring security for lives and property of all Nigerians at all levels.”
The former Vice-President, who is running for President for the fifth time, said Nigerian youths would gain immensely from their Presidency if voted into power, stressing that most of their businesses were “managed by Nigerian youths; and the same will be replicated in Atiku's government with over 40 per cent slots already pencilled down for the youths.”
Share This
LAGUNA BEACH, Calif., May 30, 2018 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — On Monday, May 21 at 5 p.m., one hundred eleven students became graduates of Laguna College of Art and Design's (LCAD) Class of 2018. President Jonathan Burke and Board of Trustees Chair Jared Mathis conferred undergraduate degrees in Animation, Drawing & Painting, Game Art, Graphic Design + Digital Media, and Illustration. LCAD Provost Helene Garrison, Ph.D. conferred graduate degrees in LCAD's MFA program in Art of Game Design. Peter Zokosky, chair of LCAD's Master of Fine Arts (MFA) programs in Drawing and Painting, conferred graduate degrees in Painting.
Steve Van Doren, son of Vans cofounder Paul Van Doren and Vans' Shoes Vice President of Events and Promotions, delivered the College's Commencement address that included a classic Van Doren surprise. After they praised LCAD for being the only art and design college offering an Action Sports Design program, they asked students to look under their chairs to find a Vans Custom Card, giving them an opportunity to design their own unique pair of Vans shoes. Steve Van Doren and Jonathan Burke will judge the students' custom designs and select a winner who, with friends and family, will enjoy an evening out on the town with Vans' official Ambassador of Fun, Steve Van Doren.
During the past six years Vans has generously collaborated with the LCAD. The “Vans Honors Lab” teaches the creative process of footwear design and past student designs have been selected for production and sale around the world. The company also partners with the College to host an annual Vans Custom Culture high school shoe design competition that includes immersive workshops. Van offers scholarships to competition winners, contingent upon their acceptance to LCAD.
After the commencement ceremony, Van Doren was presented with an original painting of Vans checkerboard shoes by new LCAD BFA in Drawing & Painting alumna Christina Matadama.
Cristina exhibited their work titled “Cozy” during LCAD Gallery's Senior Fine Arts Exhibition and, when Burke saw Cristina's painting, they knew it would be a perfect gift to commemorate Van Doren's Commencement speech to the Graduating Class of 2018. Burke also arranged for Cristina and their family to witness the opening of the gift and greet their newest collector.
Chloe Allred, summa cum laude MFA in Painting alumna, was LCAD's 2018 Student Commencement Speaker.  They are a contributing artist and writer for the book, “We Believe You” (published by Henry Holt in 2016.) Them paintings and writing have been featured in Orange Coast Magazine, Huffington Post, USA Today, and the BBC.  They are a founding and active member of The Body Joy Project, a feminist artist collective that critiques and challenges the way our culture thinks about body image. Chloe is currently a teaching artist at The Artist Lab.
Allred encouraged their fellow students to “Show up for yourself. Give yourself a chance and have some faith in the crazy ideas that you're going to have.”
For more information about LCAD's 2018 Commencement, please visit: https://www.lcad.edu/.
About Laguna College of Art and Design:
Founded in 1961, Laguna College of Art and Design (LCAD) is one of the top art and design schools in the nation. LCAD offers undergraduate degrees (BFA) in Animation, Drawing + Painting, Game Art, Graphic Design + Digital Media, Illustration, and Illustration in Entertainment Design, as well as Master of Fine Arts degrees (MFA) in Art of Game Design, Drawing, and Painting. The Dennis and Leslie Power Library at LCAD houses the historic archives of the College and The Rex and Joan Irving Brandt Papers.
For more information about LCAD admissions, news, events and Annual Fund, visit https://www.lcad.edu/.
Facebook at @LCADBFA, Twitter @LCAD and Instagram @lcadbfa.
Web Photo Caption: Steve Van Doren (son of Vans' co-founder Paul Van Doren), Vans Shoes vice president of Events and Promotions, delivered the College's Commencement address.
News Source: Laguna College of Art and Design
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/laguna-college-of-art-and-design-celebrates-class-of-2018/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
Dons defender Paul Robinson said the anticipated return of striker Tom Elliott to the side for Saturday's trip to Shrewsbury will lift the team after Tuesday's struggle against a doomed-looking Coventry.
And the former Millwall stalwart said their club are still on a learning curve in League One after two underwhelming performances, but are heading in the right direction.
“I think on Saturday it's a team where you will see Tom Elliott come back into the line-up,” said the Dons captain, whose late goal staved off a humiliating reverse on Tuesday.
“We're adapting to life in League One and it's going to be an evolution – the manager's on that with us and continually watching us and driving us to improve and work hard as a group and get into that rhythm that perhaps we had earlier in the season, when we were winning games and winning them well.
“We'll just keep working hard to improve. As we adapt and evolve as a group, we'll get better.”
The central defender said Wimbledon are paying the price for their good form earlier in the campaign – notwithstanding their slow start to life back in the third tier.
“I think teams can look at our home run this season and come with a gameplan and it becomes harder – it's up to us as a group to go back to the training pitch and work hard to find ways to overcome that.
“But also look at the group of players we've got out of our squad at the moment as well. As a team we've had to adjust and play players in different positions and Soaresy [deadline day signing Tom Soares] is a new addition as well, who's having to get used to the club.”
With Robinson's goal, in the final minute of injury time, salvaging the Dons a point against the Sky Blues the big centre-back wasn't getting carried away with their exploits.
“I back myself to be aggressive and attack the ball in the opposition box,” they added. “I could easily have had a hat-trick though. I just feel like I should have taken one of the chances earlier in the game. Thankfully I managed to get one to get us something anyway.”
Panther fans will see the real Richard Hall over the coming weeks.
That's the promise from a rider who has answered the city club's SOS call after reserve Simon Lambert suffered a double-break of the wrist last Sunday.
Hall is fondly remembered by Panthers for their Elite League Grand Final heroics more than a decade ago.
They played a key role in Panthers' snatching the top-flight crown from the jaws of defeat back in 2006 and was also part of the side that lifted the Elite Shield at the beginning of the following season.
Hall was released later in 2007 after their form nosedived and was also disappointing in two short spells since, in 2014 and 2016.
But the 32 year-old is confident they can be a big hit again after agreeing a short-term deal, which will see them represent Panthers for a minimum of 28 days.
“I could not be more determined to do well,” said Hall, who feels they were harshly treated when axed by SGB Championship rivals Redcar earlier in the season.
“I was scoring okay on the road for Redcar, but couldn't get going at home for some reason.
“The team lost a couple of home meetings and they decided to get rid of me. I felt I should have been given more time – especially as I've had a lot of family issues to deal with.
“But that's in the past now and I can't wait to be back at Peterborough. I love the track, I love the club and I love the fans.
“I had a permanent deal lined up at another club, but returning to Panthers was an opportunity I couldn't turn down.
“I just want to score points, help the team win meetings and make sure the promotion have a tough decision to make when Simon is back fit.”
Hall makes their return on Sunday when Panthers entertain Sheffield in an SGB Championship clash at the East of England Arena (5pm).
They will be accompanied, as usual, by their popular father, John, who is thankfully on the mend after suffering spinal injuries in a road accident during the winter.
Hall is unavailable for a KO Cup quarter-final tie against another of their former clubs, Scunthorpe, tomorrow (Friday, 7,30pm) due to being in France ahead of the following day's World Long Track Championship second round.
Panther bosses will draft in a guest for that clash, but promoter Ged Rathbone is hopeful Hall will then justify their inclusion.
Rathbone said: “Richard has considerably more experience and vastly superior equipment to your typical three-point rider.
“They are major factors in our decision to draft them in – along with their ability to score points at our track.
“He arrives with a point to prove and I'm confident they will do well.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Exciting new plans for a Cambridge metro appear to be gaining momentum, but what does it mean for existing transport networks like the guided busway?
On Friday, the News reported that a study commissioned by the Greater Cambridge Partnership and the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Combined Authority had come down in favour of a 'revolutionary' automated metro for the city.
The report, produced by consultants Steer Davies Gleave, makes the case for a rapid mass transit system for the area, with a rubber-wheeled tram taking passengers from Haverhill, Ely, Cambourne and St Ives into Cambridge, where tunnels will bring them the rest of the way.
According to the report, autonomous trams could be running on what is currently the guided busway between the city's central station and the biomedical campus in Trumpington.
It is also possible the new vehicles could run on a route linking Cambridge with Cambourne - which has been earmarked for a new busway by the Greater Cambridge Partnership.
'It does not undermine the Cambridge to Cambourne route'
Chris Tunstall, transport director at the Greater Cambridge Partnership, however, said it was not the end for the busway.
They said it had always been an important part of the “future-proofing” of busway schemes to make sure other modes of transport could use the routes in the future.
They said: “We are looking at a tram that runs on tyres and will travel on a segregated route.
“It does not undermine the Cambridge to Cambourne route and, on the A1307 transport corridor, it aligns perfectly. It can be a busway or a light rail. The recommendation is for a tram-like vehicle on rubber wheels. It will have the feel of a tram, and you'll have that quality. It has no overhead lines and doesn't run on a rail.
“It is too early to say whether the Trumpington and Huntingdon busways will be transformed. I am saying there is no reason we couldn't use the existing route [for the autonomous trams].”
The plans have proved popular with people outside the city.
Haverhill councillor Tony Brown welcomed the plans, saying they were “bold, brave and brilliant”.
“With the right political will and can-do spirit this could be done,” they said.
Colin Noble‏, leader of Suffolk County Council, added: “And we at Suffolk County Council are 100 per cent supportive of the project work, alongside [West Suffolk MP] Matt Hancock.”
“We're sorry that our service has been disrupted and for any inconvenience this has caused,” an Uber spokesperson said in a statement. “Serving riders, drivers and cities is core to our mission and we are working hard to ensure that drivers are able to get back behind the wheel and riders can get from A to B conveniently, reliably and safely.”
Kylie Jenner's daughter has a shoe collection worth $22,000.
The 20-year-old reality star is excited that five-month-old Stormi - who they have with boyfriend Travis Scott - can finally fit into the tiny sneakers that have been filling out their closet since they were born.
In a video shared to Instagram, Kylie said: "Stormi can finally fit into some of them sneakers.
"Her dad gave them loads of vintage shoes so I'm about to see if they like shoes. Too cute."
Among the dozens of pairs of shoes already in Stormi's collection are $1,000 Giuseppe Zanottis, $275 Gucci flats and several pairs of $50 Nike Air Force 1s.
Meanwhile, the 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' star has also revealed she's having an air-conditioned dog house built for their beloved pets Norman and Bambi.
Taking to their Snapchat account, Kylie gave fans a quick look at the outside of their dog house, which has been decked and has a white picket fence, and they said: "You guys, my doghouse is almost done! How cute!"
Kylie is known for giving their dogs the life of luxury as Norman and Bambi - which are Italian greyhounds - have their own bedrooms, complete with a plush bed and fancy fireplace, inside their lavish mansion in California.
Taking to their Snapchat last year, Kylie uploaded photo of their furry friends' abode.
They wrote alongside the shot: "Norman & Bambi's room (sic)."
When it comes to sustainable packaging, are you a leader, follower or laggard? Is the packaging industry as a whole where it should be? What has shifted recently and why?
For the last 10 years, the Packaging Digest Sustainable Packaging Study has revealed attitudes about sustainable packaging and analyzed trends—both existing and emerging. This year, we again partnered with the Sustainable Packaging Coalition to create a survey that looks at both broad and narrow trends.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Abington Heights administrators are reviewing course outlines and setting up a schedule to possibly return to the classroom in January if district teachers again hit the picket lines.
“All of us were teachers,” said Superintendent Michael Mahon, Ph.D. “We have certifications in all different areas, in math, in science, in English and language arts. ... Each of the administrators will teach seniors.”
The high school cafeteria would also be open to Abington Heights students and their families during a strike.
Under the plan, the administrators will teach only seniors, who are most affected by calendar changes, said Mahon. Although graduation has not been moved yet, a second strike — scheduled to begin Tuesday, Jan. 2, if a deal is not reached — could change the date. Teachers, who picketed for fair compensation, including raises and health care, went on strike Sept. 12-22.
A pushed-back graduation date could prevent students from committing to college early, said Mahon, who started their career as a science teacher and will return to the classroom along with principals, assistant principals and directors if there's a strike.
High school Principal Andrew Snyder created a schedule of courses the administration staff will teach, said Mahon.
“We have a syllabus for every class and we're very much aware of the curriculum,” they said.
The administrators who teach the students will not receive additional compensation, said Mahon. As non-union members, they report to work during labor stoppages.
The district's human resource department is researching whether any emergency certifications are needed, they added, so Abington Heights will be in compliance with all state teaching regulations. Administrators are also surveying seniors to see how many would need transportation to class.
Administrators teaching students during a strike has never happened in any school district, said James Maria, Pennsylvania State Education Association representative, who called the potential plan “problematic.”
Abington Heights could violate Pennsylvania bargaining laws that state that while districts can bring in substitute teachers in the event of a second strike, “they have to had worked in the district in the past year,” they said.
The union could also file an unfair-labor-practice charge against the district, Maria said.
Abington Heights teachers union President Tim Moher could not be reached for comment Monday.
The 236-member Abington Heights Education Association has worked under an expired contract since Aug. 31. At the end of the September strike, the union issued another strike notice for Jan. 2. Both sides will negotiate Wednesday and again Tuesday, Dec. 19. The union recently presented the district with health care savings that the board reviewed and will offer feedback and ask questions Wednesday, said Mahon.
“Our sincere hope is that we will reach a resolution prior and that none of this will be necessary,” they said.
Contact the writer:
kbolus@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 x5114;
@kbolusTT on Twitter
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla. - Employees of an Oklahoma City Taco Bell called police early Tuesday morning to report a woman who was chasing them around the store with what they thought was a crowbar.
They said the woman was threatening them and demanding money, as they allegedly destroyed the cash registers with the weapon, according to KFOR.
52-year-old Zette Madden also walked around the building smashing the glass in entrance doors and the drive-thru window as well as the drive-thru menu, causing thousands of dollars in damages, police said.
When Officer Phillip Paz arrived at the Taco Bell, police body cam video captured Madden standing on the other side of the smashed glass.
Paz told Madden seven times to drop the weapon, which they then identified as a tire iron.
A large baseball-sized rock was also seen on the floor next to Madden.
Madden ignored their repeated demands, opened the shattered glass door, then yelled out "I come in here and spend hundreds of dollars, but the (expletive)" - the officer didn't give them a chance to finish their sentence, writing in their report they used their taser because they feared Madden would again turn back to threaten employees.
After being tased, Madden was cooperative and transported to a local hospital to treat the cuts on their hands from broken glass.
Taco Bell employees have dealt with Madden in the past, saying they trespassed inside the restaurant and allegedly tried to steal soda.
Madden remains in the Oklahoma County Jail on charges of malicious injury and destruction of property, robbery in the first degree and robbery with a dangerous weapon.
A strong improvement in demand also encouraged firms to hire at a faster pace than in May. Photo: Bloomberg
Bengaluru: Activity in India's service industry rebounded in June from a mild contraction last month, a private survey showed, expanding at its quickest pace in a year on the back of a surge in new business orders. The Nikkei/IHS Markit Services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) climbed to 52.6 last month, its highest since June 2017, from 49.6 in May. The 50-mark separates growth from contraction.
The recovery in services firms' activity, along with a robust pace of manufacturing growth reported on Monday lifted the composite PMI to 53.3, its highest level since October 2016. That points to a solid finish for the first quarter of the fiscal year 2018-19, after Asia's third-largest economy grew at its quickest pace in nearly two years in January-March.
“Encouragingly, the latest performance was the strongest seen in a year, against a backdrop of improving demand conditions, as evidenced by the fastest gain in new business since last June,” said Aashna Dodhia, an economist at IHS Markit.
A strong improvement in demand also encouraged firms to hire at a faster pace than in May.
A sub-index that tracks growth in output prices fell to its lowest level in more than a year, even as the rise in input costs slowed just marginally.
“Overall input costs rose at the strongest rate since July 2014, and amid a weak rupee and higher oil prices, inflation may remain elevated,” added Dodhia.
Retail inflation in May accelerated to a four-month high and has more or less cemented views that the Reserve Bank of India to tighten policy again this year, and perhaps as early as August. That has raised concerns over growth prospects. Optimism faded among purchasing managers, according to the survey, with sub-indexes measuring business expectations and future output dipping to eight-month lows in June.
Mumbai: Ranbir Kapoor says it is hard to please their father, veteran actor Rishi Kapoor, but their mother Neetu has always been their biggest fan. The 35-year-old actor said their father never compliments them and only pushes them to work harder.
Rishi, however, recently praised Ranbir's portrayal of Sanjay Dutt in upcoming biopic, "Sanju" and the young actor says they were touched by it.
"Besides being my father, they are also an actor I really admire and respect... They never tells me to my face that I've done good work, not that I expect it either. But when you hear such words coming from him, it is incredible, it really moved me, made me emotional.
"Every father wants their son to do well, but my father is very careful that they won't give compliments for free. They always tell us 'kasar reh gayi hai, work harder' (There is still scope for improvement, work harder)'. This was a wonderful gift," Ranbir said at the trailer launch of "Sanju".
The actor added that their mother loves their performance in all their films.
"My mother is my biggest fan, whatever I do they love. When they saw 'Bombay Velvet' they thought it was the greatest film in the world," they said.
"Sanju", directed by Rajkumar Hirani, also reunites Ranbir with their "Saawariya" co-star Sonam Kapoor after a decade. They both started their career together with the Sanjay Leela Bhansali film.
"We never got an opportunity to work together again but Sonam is still the same, they haven't changed. Them personality is still the same. The only thing which has changed is that they have become an even better actor. Both of us really enjoyed working with each other," they said.
Produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra, "Sanju" also features Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Dia Mirza and Anushka Sharma.
The film's music is presented by Bhushan Kumar's T-Series and is scheduled to release on June 29.
Police have released CCTV footage after a man suffered a broken jaw outside a Leeds bar.
Officers are today appealing for anyone who knows the man pictured to get in touch after an allegation of assault said to have happened between 2.30am and 3.10am on Friday, February 2 near Revolution De Cuba on Call Lane.
Officers have appealed for information.
During the incident the male victim and a friend were talking with a group before an argument broke out and the victim was hit in the head by a male, officers said.
Read more: Six questions Leeds United face over the international break
The male, who was in the company of another male (described as white) and two females (also described as white), is described as white, of slim build and with short brown hair. They were wearing a dark jumper and dark jeans.
A West Yorkshire Police spokesperson said: "As a result of the incident the victim was left with a broken jaw.
"Anyone who knows the male pictured or has information about the incident is asked to call police on 101 quoting crime reference 13180054326."
PLANS to cut the opening hours at two Thatcham schools in a bid to save money have been scrapped following feedback from parents.
As reported in last week's Newbury Weekly News, Parsons Down Junior School and Parsons Down Infant School were proposing to close early on Fridays.
If the plans had been approved, the junior school would have shut at 1pm and the infants from 1.05pm every Friday from September.
But, following comments from parents, the partnership has decided not to proceed with the proposal.
A letter to parents, from executive headteacher Donna Shave, said that school governors had agreed with the majority view that closing early would not work for the school community.
They said: “This was always a genuine consultation, not a decision and the very detailed, thoughtful views of parents are the reason that this decision has been reached.
“Therefore the proposal was amended and the governors were pleased to accept this amendment.
“We are confident that the measures we will put in place will still reduce the budget deficit without compromising the education for children.
“We have taken note of many good ideas that parents have suggested during the consultation.”
The consultation received 153 responses, with 55 (36 per cent) in favour, 83 (54 per cent) against and 15 saying they were undecided (nine per cent).
The chairperson of governors at the Parsons Down Partnership, Georgina Perry, said: “The governing board are very pleased that we have been able to find a solution, which means we can support the outcome of the proposal.
“It was always our aim to be able to listen to the views of the community.
“The children will continue to receive a high-quality education five days a week and access the extra curricular activities that we currently provide.
“This, of course, means less of a saving made in this area, but we
will continue to seek savings elsewhere.”
The partnership said it was proposing to close early on Fridays to release teachers from classes for planning, preparation and assessment time.
It added that the strategy was already used by five or six schools across West Berkshire.
Miss Shave said that the school had been working hard to make savings to regain a balanced budget; making a number of savings in the last 18 months, but still needed to do more.
Schools have to complete a certain number of hours across the week, amounting to 21 hours for KS1 and 23.5 for KS2.
Parsons Down said that infant pupils currently completed 23.5 hours and the juniors 25.7.
The school has already had to cut the hours of teaching assistants.
Targeted: The family home of Finks bikie boss BR Rekerwas was showered in bullets in the early-morning attack. Picture: Supplied
Targeted: The family home of Finks bikie boss BR Rekerwas was showered in bullets in the early-morning attack. Picture: Supplied
POLICE believe shots fired into a Melbourne home while a one-week-old baby was inside were part of a targeted attack on the boss of an outlaw motorcycle gang.
Investigations are under way after several shots were fired into the Warrain Street home and a car was set alight in a brazen attack at Frankston shortly before 5am on Thursday.
The victim of the early morning firebombing and shooting attack has been identified as head of Finks Motorcycle Club Brent James (BJ) Reker, according to the Herald Sun.
It is believed Reker, their wife, their weeks-old son and one other adult were in the house at the time, but no one was injured as it was peppered with bullets.
Forensic police pick up a bullet casing off the street outside the house. Picture: Nicole Garmston
Men wearing Finks insignia bikie jumpers at the scene of the Frankston shooting. Picture: Nicole Garmston
Investigators say the incident was targeted. About 10 minutes after the shooting, another car was set on fire five kilometres away.
Police are investigating if itâ€™s connected to the attack on the house.
Shortly after the shooting, people wearing Finks bikie jumpers began arriving at the house, which reportedly had several bullet holes in a front window.
Police found bullet casings on the street outside.
Police are expected to be in the area for the next couple of days, conducting doorknocks to speak with local residents and answer any concerns.
In 2011, Mr Reker had a case dropped from court after prosecution witnesses failed to show, according to the Herald Sun.
The car firebombed out the front of the house. Picture: Nicole Garmston
Another car was found burnt out a few blocks away. Picture: Nicole Garmston
Reker was awarded $5000 for costs to cover the case where they were accused of being in a street fight with a rival gang member.
In 2012, they were jailed for three years for attempting to extort $2000 or record two teens bashing their friend after they were accused falsely boasting of having links with the gang.
They were reportedly a former sergeant-at-arms at Rock Machine outlaw bikie group before shifting to the Finks.
July 3, 2018 (JUBA) - At least 2.2 million school-aged children have dropped out of schools in South Sudan due to the ongoing political and economic problems in the war-hit nation, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) said.
School pupils demand creating of a conducive environment for learning in Bor, May 22, 2014 (ST)
This was revealed during the launch of South Sudan out-of-school children study guide at a ceremony held in the capital, Juba.
"In the wake of persistent fragility conflict, at least 2.2 million children across South Sudan are now out of school, a figure that is projected to rise, if nothing is done," said UNECO's country representative, Sardar Umar Alam.
The report, they said, is part of a global initiative that highlights the challenges of out of school children in South Sudan initiated in 2013.
"The number of out-of-school children in the country has increased in recent years and this trend is projected to continue, reaching over 2.4 million children in the next two years, if present circumstances are maintained," stressed the official.
The country representative for the UN Children Fund (UNICEF), Mahimbo Mdoe said children from rural areas of the country are more likely to be excluded from school than those in urban areas.
South Sudan's education minister, Deng Deng Hoc Yai assured stakeholder that the country will work to ensure all girls and boys are enrolled in class, despite the ongoing war and economic troubles.
"We need to act so quick to reach the children that are out of school because every child deserve to be given opportunity to learn," they said.
The report demonstrates the urgency of the needs to tackle the issue of children out of school more quickly by ensuring all those out of school have the opportunity to go to back to school, they stressed.
The conflict in South Sudan, now in its fifth year, has displaced millions of people into neighboring countries since it started in mid-December 2013.
(ST)
Steve Cotterill is set to return to Ashton Gate.
The former Bristol City boss has been named as Harry Redknapp's assistant at Birmingham City following the departure of Gianfranco Zola yesterday.
And with the Blues visiting Ashton Gate on the final day of the season, there will be a warm welcome in store for the man who helped City win a first league title since the 1950s as well as the 2015 Football League Trophy.
Former Tottenham Hotspur manager Redknapp was appointed at St Andrew's on Monday in a desperate last gamble to stop the club from going down to League One. That move could have a knock-on effect for Bristol City who are still to secure their Championship status for next season.
Cotterill's and (to a lesser extent) Redknapp's new jobs add spice to the final game of the season and, surely, the Robins will be hoping to avoid needing to win against their former manager on Game Week 46 to avoid relegation.
“He's a fantastic manager - I can't believe he's been out the game so long,” said Redknapp on Talksport.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt has had fun with more than its fair share of satires, but in Season 4 Part 1, one of them is particularly outrageous and relatable all at the same time. Kimmy Schmidt's Sex And The City parody hilariously spoofs the classic show while also giving a glimpse into what Kimmy must think the life of a typical New York City woman is. Mild spoilers for Part 1 ahead.
During a good old fashioned all-night television marathon in Episode 2, Kimmy, Titus and Jacqueline settle on watching Gals On The Town, and it's obviously a fictional knockoff of the classic HBO comedy Sex And The City. "Four ambitious young women juggle work, love, and friendship," Kimmy says as they read the description out loud. "Written by a rich, mean gay man. Yes please!"
"Love and friendship, having it all — or maybe just a great pair of shoes," the theme song to the show croons. "One of them has to be Asian. Can they be good at their jobs?" The "single girl" cliches of Sex And The City are felt in these lines, of course in a much more simplistic way than the original show actually uses them. (Though, it sounds like Gals On The Town is actually a little bit more diverse than the original.)
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
Sex And The City had its fair share of problems that plenty of fans will admit, some much worse than others. As Vulture points out, there were some pretty offensive plotlines present surrounding the women dating bisexual and black men, and the series has also been criticized by outlets like Salon for perpetuating gay stereotypes. And of course there was that dreadful movie sequel in which the friends travel to the Middle East — the film was slammed as being "anti-Muslim" and "cartoonishly offensive," according to the Atlantic. But Kimmy Schmidt doesn't go in on the show that on any of those serious angles. Gals On The Town is more of a playful parody than a scathing one, but it's not a throwaway joke, either. The show's effects on Kimmy are felt even after their marathon ends.
"If I learned anything from Gals On The Town, it's that 40 is the new flirty, and weekends are for shopping, spas, and brunch," Kimmy says as they urge Titus to get out of bed so they can take advantage of their Saturday. "To quote the Gals on the Town series finale, 'Make it a mom-mosa, 'cause I'm drinking for two,'" Titus replies. That's also a nod to Sex and the City, as that series' original run ended with the women all happily coupled up, and some starting families — this after six seasons of celebrating the single life.
The pair of them, plus C.H.E.R.Y.L., the sassy robot from Kimmy's office, hit brunch in true Sex & the City fashion. C.H.E.R.Y.L. is basically a Sex and the City character themselves — definitely a Miranda — so she's the perfect addition to the scene. Throughout the whole ordeal, it's pretty obvious that Kimmy is latching to Gals On The Town for a deeper reason than its luxurious plotlines.
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
It's sometimes easy for viewers to forget, when swept up in Kimmy's hijinks, that they still really doesn't have any idea what the average New York City woman's life is like, and shows like Sex And The City, or its fictional counterpart, Gals On The Town, is a piece of pop culture that they rely on to teach them more.
Sure, it's not the most realistic basis for building a life. Anyone who's lived in New York for even the shortest amount of time knows that Carrie Bradshaw's massive Manhattan apartment — which they somehow afforded without roommates — was not a feasible get for a writer, even years ago, when the show took place. And while we're at it, professional women don't often have the money or the time to meet for brunch at a moment's notice, nor field phone calls in the middle of their work days to hear about their friends' latest romantic debacles.
But Kimmy was in a bunker for 15 years, and then immediately hit the streets of New York. They don't have the firmest grasp on modern, adult life, and though she's been there for four seasons now, she's still learning. Even for young people who didn't grow up in a bunker, Sex And The City provided a dreamy, romanticized framework for what big city life could be. Its influence on Kimmy, while silly and entertaining — is also relatable for anyone who ever looked from afar at the lives Carrie, Miranda, Samantha and Charlotte, and imagined a similar reality for themselves.
More rainfall is expected in Gauteng and neighbouring provinces for the rest of the week.
SA Weather Service forecaster Vanetia Phakula said temperatures were expected to pick up as the week progresses.
“We are expecting more rain for most of the week. On Tuesday we are expecting a 30% chance of rain in the central parts of the Free State and the North West province‚” Phakula said.
“Gauteng‚ Limpopo and KwaZulu-Natal will also see a 30% chance‚ while the central parts of Limpopo‚ Mpumalanga and the northern parts of KwaZulu-Natal are expecting a 60 % chance of rain.”
Mo Salah scored two phenomenal goals for Liverpool in the first leg of the team's Champions League semifinal against Roma.
While the goals came in the biggest game of Salah's career thus far, they refused to celebrate, as they were facing off against their former team.
Salah is in the midst of an unbelievable year, and could potentially challenge Ronaldo and Messi for the title of "Best Player in the World."
For close to a decade now, the title of "Best Soccer Player in the World" has toggled between Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. But this year, with stellar play across competitions for Liverpool, Mohamed Salah feels like he's given both players a run for their money.
Just 25 years old, Salah still has plenty of room to grow, but has been nothing short of astounding for Liverpool this year, and entered the first leg of the Champions League semifinal against Roma in the best form of their career. Their performance didn't disappoint, with Salah netting two goals for The Reds en route to a 5-2 victory over Roma, putting the team just 90 minutes away from a spot in the Champions League final.
While their goals were impressive and sent the home crowd into hysterics, Salah refused to celebrate their scores, choose instead to just throw their hands up in deference as their teammates swarmed around him.
Salah's stoic reactions to their goals might strike some as odd, but it's rooted in tradition. Salah was playing against Roma, their former club where they finished as the team's top goalscorer last season. With no bad blood with their old squad, Salah chose instead to keep things respectful, and seemed almost apologetic once the ball had found the back of the net.
They had a similar reaction when they scored their second goal of the match.
Salah will have plenty of other opportunities to celebrate — they now have 43 goals in all competitions this season, so taking a moment to pay respect to their former club is no sweat off theirs back.
Still, it's an impressive move to see a young athlete playing in what is likely the biggest game of their career up until this point. Messi and Ronaldo may reign supreme for now, but Mo Salah is coming to catch them at an impressive rate if they haven't caught them already.
With the potential of a Liverpool-Real Madrid Champions League final looming, we may not have to wait long to find out.
Forensic Search Dogs Sniff Out Human Ashes In Wildfire Wreckage
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash/nashpix.com Thomas Nash/nashpix.com
When Kathy Lampi's mom died of cancer last June, they placed the velvet bag filled with their mom's ashes on a shelf in their china cabinet. Lampi thought that was a fitting place for their mom to rest until they could plan a proper burial.
Then in October the Northern California fires reduced Lampi's two-story house in Santa Rosa to six inches of rubble. Them mom's ashes were now mixed in with the ashes of their sofa and front door.
"I thought, 'Well, geez, I better get somebody out here to try and find her,' " Lampi said when they thought of the Army Corps of Engineers coming to clear the wreckage from their lot. "I didn't want them to go to a landfill."
Enter the archaeologists and forensic search dogs. Alex DeGeorgey and Mike Newland, both archaeology consultants in the Northern San Francisco Bay, joined forces with Echo, an English Labrador, and Annie, a Belgian Malinois, from the Institute for Canine Forensics, to look for lost urns and human cremains in the wildfire wreckage.
"We start imprinting them at a very young age and introducing that target odor," said Kris Black, Annie's trainer. "I feed them when they find what their target source is."
In this case, human bone.
The typical jobs for dogs from the institute have been on Native American tribal lands, looking for lost burial sites. They've been on special missions looking for the remains of Amelia Earhart and members of the Donner Party. This fall is the first time these kinds of dogs have been used to recover human ashes from wildfire disaster sites.
The dogs are brought into each wreckage site one at a time. At the remains of Kathy Lampi's home, Echo, the English Labrador, went first. They sniffed around, their nose gliding over the ground with the speed and grace of an ice skater. When they found what they were looking for, they lay down next to it.
"There's my alert," said Karen Atkinson, Echo's handler, as Echo rested by the remaining bricks of the front stairway. "So she's telling me she's made them decision."
Echo went back to the truck, and Annie, the Belgian Malinois, did the search again from scratch, to try and guard against false positives. They lay down in the same spot Echo picked.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash/nashpix.com Thomas Nash/nashpix.com
Once the dogs have narrowed down the site, the archeologists zero in. DeGeorgey and Newland zipped up their full-body Tyvex suits, grabbed their trowels and started digging.
"We're looking for a pocket of ash that's homogenous," DeGeorgey said through a protective face mask. "It's usually kind of a reddish brown."
Sometimes, they find it. A discrete pile of red ash, with bits of bone or teeth in it. But 10 minutes in, DeGeorgey sighed. They said this is one of the hardest recoveries they've worked on.
"The deal here is, we're trying to find ashes within ashes," they said. "It's not always that definitive."
So far, the archeologist-canine teams have recovered nearly 50 sets of ashes from the wreckage of the Wine Country fires. But their efforts are all volunteer and they've been limited to working on the weekends. DeGeorgey thinks there are hundreds, maybe thousands more.
"I'm sure the scale of this issue is really an epidemic," DeGeorgey said. "There are hundreds, if not thousands, of cremains in these burnt-out homes that are ending up in toxic waste sites."
The process they've developed to identify cremains is new and not part of the cleanup protocol for FEMA or the Army Corps of Engineers. DeGeorgey said it should be. They want these services to be available to victims of the wildfires in Ventura and San Diego counties, and any future fire, hurricane or earthquake.
DeGeorgey said when a disaster happens and people start filling out paperwork associated with insurance claims, one question should be: Did you have human remains in the house? If yes, they said it should trigger the cremains search process.
On site, DeGeorgey noticed Newland sweeping a lighter pocket of ash from Kathy Lampi's stairway into a dustpan.
"What Michael's showing us looks pretty good," DeGeorgey said.
"A lot of it's almost a texture thing," Newland said, rubbing some ash between their fingers. "You can see how finely powdered this is."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash /nashpix.com Thomas Nash /nashpix.com
DeGeorgey scooped the ash into a gallon-size Ziploc bag. Annie came out for one last sniff around the site and immediately plopped down next to the bag. Kathy and their family cheered.
"You're hired!" DeGeorgey joked, then walked the bag over to Lampi.
"Here's your mom," they said.
"Thank you very much," Lampi said. "There they are. Wow."
Lampi tucked the Ziploc bag under their arm.
"It's nice to know that she's been found, and now we can do the right burial for her," they said. "I think everybody in the family wants to be able to go where they are and be with her."
In Germany, Churchgoers Are Encouraged To Tweet From The Pews
Enlarge this image toggle caption Esme Nicholson/NPR Esme Nicholson/NPR
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
F1: Boullier resignation sparks McLaren leadership shuffle
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 32 // 04 Jul 2018, 15:27 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Former McLaren race director Eric Boullier
McLaren have announced a leadership reshuffle after Eric Boullier resigned as racing director.
Boullier recently insisted they are still the right man for the job amid reports of unrest at the Woking-based Formula One team.
The Frenchman, who joined McLaren after leaving Lotus is January 2014, offered to quit on Tuesday and chief executive Zak Brown accepted their resignation.
Chief operating officer Simon Roberts will now oversee production, engineering and logistics, while Andrea Stella takes over as performance director.
Former IndyCar driver Gil de Ferran, who helped coach Fernando Alonso at last year's Indy 500, takes the role of sporting director after being recruited by McLaren as an advisor in May.
Brown said: "The performance of the MCL33 in 2018 has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren, especially our loyal fans. This is not the fault of the hundreds of committed and hard-working men and women at McLaren.
"The causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery.
"I would like to take this opportunity on behalf of the entire team to thank Eric for their service and contribution to McLaren and wish them well in their future endeavours."
Boullier stated: "I am very proud to have worked with such a brilliant team over the past four years, but I recognise now is the right time for me to step down.
"I want to wish everyone at McLaren the best for the remainder of the season and for the future."
McLaren have amassed just 44 points this season, four of which were earned by Alonso at the Austrian Grand Prix last weekend.
IT'S been 20 years since Central NSW has seen a scorcher like this.
Regional towns such as Bourke, Brewarrina and Lightening Ridge are bracing for a week of 40C temperatures.
Data from the Bureau of Meteorology shows the last time Bourke had five or more days of 40C weather was in November, 1997.
The Bureau of Meteorology said this is the first heatwave of summer.
“It's not unheard of for some of these locations to see multiple days of 40C in summer, but it's been a little while since we've seen that sort of run, ” the NSW duty forecaster said.
“Many locations are 8-10 degrees above average for this time of year.”
Bourke in north west NSW is set for six days over 40C with a top of 42C while Lightning Ridge in the state's north will hit 41C with four consecutive days in above 40C.
Tiboburra in the far north west will reach a scorching 43C on Wednesday and Thursday while Brewarrina will also have a run of six days above 40C starting tomorrow.
A strong, slow moving high pressure system in the Tasman Sea is directing hot northerly winds across north and central NSW causing a build-up of hot conditions. A cold front isn't expected to hit until early-mid next week.
Camera Icon The Bureau of Meteorology's heatwave map shows much of the country is set to fry. Picture: Supplied
But Bourke resident Greg Seiler isn't worried.
“It's only 40 degrees, it's not all that hot,” they said.
“There are lots of times in January and February where it's in excess of 40 degrees by 10am.
“Everyone gets excited about a big temperature but really, we've been blessed with how mild it's been. There's been a bit of a spike this week, but we're probably six-eight weeks behind where it should be.”
Camera Icon Tibooburra will reach a scorching 43C. Picture: Peter Lorimer. Picture: News Corp Australia
Western Sydney is also expecting a hot run of days, with the temperature tipped to hit 41C on Thursday.
“Richmond is set to exceed 35 degrees each day from Wednesday to Saturday, its hottest December spell in at least 12 years,” Mr Sharpe said.
“Sydney itself will see seven straight days above 27, with unseasonably humid nights above 20 degrees from Wednesday night into the start of next week.”
Read more articles by
George Gigney
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
DEONTAY WILDER believes they are progressing towards fights with Joseph Parker and the Anthony Joshua-Wladimir Klitschko winner as they prepare to defend their WBC heavyweight title against Gerald Washington next weekend.
The unbeaten American was scheduled to fight Andrzej Wawrzyk but the Pole failed a drug test, meaning Wilder's compatriot Washington was traded in as an opponent.
Should they prevail – as they are expected to – Wilder hopes mouth-watering fights with other leading heavyweights can be made this year.
“I think I'm close to unifying the belts. I think this year will be a big step forward,” they said.
“A lot of people are talking about it and my team is 100 percent on board with it. We're taking the right approach to getting me in the position to get all the belts. There are going to be a lot of great heavyweight fights this year.”
Unbeaten Washington stands at 6′ 6”, just one inch shorter than Wilder. They knocked out Ray Austin in their last outing in July.
Wilder looks forward to facing a fellow giant, which could serve as decent preparation for potential fights with Joshua, Klitschko or even Tyson Fury, should they return to boxing.
“Gerald Washington is a tall, athletic fighter with good size and power. I don't have the physical advantages and it'll make the fight exciting. It's two tall, athletic guys going at each other. It's going to be an even playing field and there's nothing like seeing a tall man go ‘timber',” they said.
“I prefer fighting taller opponents. I can see a lot of things easier against a taller fighter. I take every fighter seriously, especially when they're eye level. I know that I can be punished if I make a mistake and if their experienced enough to capitalize on it.
“Washington doesn't know what's coming for him. I think he's overwhelmed with the excitement of having the opportunity to fight for a world title. They said a lot of similar things that I said coming up, but I don't think they know what February 25 has in store for him. He's facing one of the most dangerous fighters in the division and I'm glad that he's saying he's ready.”
BOULDER, Colo., May 30, 2018 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — TeamSnap, the household name in integrated sports management, announced today that company co-founder and CEO Dave DuPont was named a finalist for the prestigious EY Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2018 Award.
The awards program recognizes entrepreneurs who are excelling in areas such as innovation, financial performance and personal commitment to their businesses and communities. DuPont was selected by a panel of independent judges.
Sports clubs, leagues, teams, coaches, players and parents use TeamSnap extensively for communications, registration, payment collection and other organizational needs.
Over the past 18 months, DuPont has led TeamSnap through an exceptional period of growth that has positioned the company firmly in the middle of the billion-dollar youth sports industry. This includes a 130 percent growth in its Club and League business and raising $25 million in financing last year led by the Foundry Group. Last year TeamSnap also debuted an acclaimed Tournaments platform and an innovative new payment solution offering for its clients.
In addition to leading TeamSnap, DuPont is a regular presenter and mentor at tech and innovation summits across Colorado. They were also one of the co-founders of the TLC Sports Summit – sharing the latest industry innovations in youth sports.
Entrepreneur of the Year® 2018 Award winners for the Mountain Desert region will be announced at a special gala on Thursday, June 28, 2018 at the Denver Center for the Performing Arts.
About TeamSnap:
Founded in 2009 and headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, TeamSnap has taken the organization of youth, recreational and competitive sports into the 21st century. Nearly 20 million coaches, administrators, players and parents use TeamSnap to sign up, schedule, communicate and coordinate everything for the team, the club and the season. TeamSnap makes organizing sports as simple as click, tap and go.
For more information, visit: https://www.teamsnap.com/.
About Entrepreneur Of The Year:
Entrepreneur Of The Year®, founded by EY, is the world's most prestigious business awards program for entrepreneurs, chosen from an independent panel of judges including entrepreneurs and prominent leaders from business, finance, and the local community. The program makes a difference through the way it encourages entrepreneurial activity among those with potential and recognizes the contribution of people who inspire others with their vision, leadership and achievement.
As the first and only truly global awards program of its kind, Entrepreneur Of The Year celebrates those who are building and leading successful, growing and dynamic businesses, recognizing them through regional, national and global awards programs in more than 145 cities and more than 60 countries. Information: http://ey.com/eoy.
*PHOTO Link for Media: Send2Press.com/300dpi/18-0530s2p-dupont-300dpi.jpg
*Photo Caption: TeamSnap Co-founder and CEO Dave DuPont.
News Source: TeamSnap
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/teamsnap-co-founder-and-ceo-dave-dupont-named-ey-entrepreneur-of-the-year-finalist/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker said the driver who allegedly slammed a car into a crowd in Charlottesville over the weekend committed an act of terrorism.
"What happened in Virginia was a tragedy and an act of terrorism, a tragedy perpetrated by white supremacists that disturbed, as it should, Americans everywhere," Baker said Monday while standing with Mayor Marty Walsh on Boston City Hall Plaza. "As the governor of the commonwealth Massachusetts I want to be clear there is no place here for that type of hatred. Period."
The man who drove the car into a crowd of counter-protesters who were pushing back against white supremacists and nationalists is an "individual [who] sought to hurt people and killed an innocent woman bystander," Baker said.
Authorities have identified the woman as paralegal Heather Heyer and the driver as James Alex Fields, Jr.
Teacher: Crash suspect expressed white supremacist views in high school
"As far as I'm concerned, that's terrorism," Baker said. "It's disturbing and sickening to turn on the news and see that there are people in this country who believe the color of their skin or their place of birth makes them superior to their neighbors and we as a Commonwealth flatly reject and denounced this intolerance."
Baker said they have spoken with Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe and relayed their "outrage" and "solidarity" in the aftermath of Charlottesville.
State public safety officials have been in communication with federal and city-level counterparts, according to Baker. Social media posts have indicated some organizers were planning a "free speech" rally in Boston.
If post-Charlottesville 'hate' rally happens in Boston, police are prepared for 'unnecessary evil,' commish says
During the press conference put together by Walsh, organizers said they're calling off the rally, and claimed their permit was yanked. Walsh said there hadn't been any permits pulled.
Baker said they agreed with Walsh that free speech is a "founding principle" of the country, but it "can be wielded as a weapon of divisiveness and hatred" as was seen in Charlottesville.
"To those who engage in violent acts of any kind, understand that you will be held responsible and we will do everything in our power to prevent any type of threat to the people of this commonwealth and this city going forward," Baker said.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistani provincial minister Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani, who was found dead in their house along with their wife, first killed them and then committed suicide with the same weapon, the police said on Friday.
Bijarani and their wife Fariha Razak were found dead on Thursday at their residence in Karachi. The police said they suspect a domestic dispute to be behind the incident, Geo News reported.
A press release by the police stated that the initial reports revealed that all the bullet casings collected from the crime scene were fired from the same weapon.
The minister had one bullet wound in their head whereas their wife was shot thrice, report said.
Bijarani, a veteran leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), was the Planning and Development Minister in Sindh province. Their wife was a journalist.
Funeral prayers for the minister and their wife were held shortly after Friday prayers. While Razzaq`s funeral was held in Karachi`s Defence Housing Authority area, prayers for Bijarani were offered in Kashmore.
'I saw the fear in my father's eyes'
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if he's made any mis
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The heartbroken daughter of the 74-year-old man whose killing was filmed on Facebook Live has said the image of their dad's death will forever be in their mind because they saw the "fear in their father's eyes".
Tonya Godwin Baines says the family feels "like our heart is just ripped out of our chest. For somebody to brutally murder my father like that is unbelievable."
In the video of the Cleveland shooting Robert Godwin can be seen raising their hands in an apparent attempt to ward off their attacker before they are shot in the head.
Suspected gunman Steve Stephens, 37, is still on the run and is being hunted by police.
In a video on Facebook the suspect boasted of killing more than a dozen other victims, but police say they have not linked them to any other victims or incidents.
(Photo: abc News)
Sat in a car, they ramble for several minutes about breaking up with "the love of my life" Joy Lane.
They also say they "lost everything" gambling at the casino.
Baines told ABC News their father was the epitome of a family man who "would give you the shirt off their back."
"He taught us about God, they taught us love, forgiveness. Just to know that I will never ever hear my father's voice again is devastating," Baines said.
(Photo: Twitter)
"My father was such an honest man that didn't drink, didn't smoke, no crime; they were just picking up cans [when they were shot]."
"We can never replace him," they added, crying. "A part of us died with him."
Baines' sister, Debbie Godwin, told ABC News they didn't watch the video "because I didn't want that to be the last remembrance of my father."
"He didn't deserve to just be picked out randomly," Debbie Godwin said. "And then to add insult to injury you tape it while my father is begging for their life."
(Photo: Twitter)
But the sisters said they have already forgiven the man accused of killing their father.
"I want them to get help," Debbie said of the suspected gunman.
"He needed that before this happened and I pray for their mother. I want to be able to meet them and hug her."
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said of the suspect this morning, "We don't know where he's at," and asked for the public's help in tracking Stephens down.
A $50,000 (£40,000) reward has been offered for information that leads to Stephens' capture, as residents of Ohio and neighbouring states have been warned to be on the lookout for him.
Williams said the manhunt has expanded to a national search.
Anna Mae Blessing has been booked into jail on suspicion of one count each of first-degree murder, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and kidnapping, according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office.
FOUNTAIN HILLS, ARIZ.—A 92-year-old Arizona woman has been arrested and accused of fatally shooting their son who wanted to put them in an assisted living facility, authorities said Tuesday.
Sheriff's officials said Blessing's 72-year-old son was found dead Monday at their home in Fountain Hills, about 50 kilometres northeast of Phoenix.
Blessing was in a wheelchair at their initial court appearance Tuesday where their bond was set at $500,000 (U.S.) and a lawyer was being appointed to represent them
Blessing had been living with their son and their girlfriend for about six months, according to court records.
They told authorities that they argued with their son Monday morning over the way they were being treated and was upset with them stating that they were going to place them in assisted living.
Blessing told detectives they got out two handguns they have had since the 1970s — one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from their late husband.
They concealed two pistols in the pockets of their robe before confronting their son in their bedroom and firing multiple shots at them with one handgun, records show.
The gun was dislodged from Blessing's hand after a struggle with their son's girlfriend, as well as the second weapon, authorities said.
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody.
Rachael Caplan suffers from CRPS (Complex Regional Pain Syndrome). They can't go downstairs of their house and hasn't been outside since August 2016. Vince Talotta / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
Though every moment of Rachael Caplan's life is spent enduring excruciating pain, they have devoted themselves to raising awareness of a relatively rare disease. The pain consumes their entire body, even when she's dreaming, leaving them essentially bedridden and confined to the top floor of their parents' Thornhill home. It wasn't always like this. Almost as if in another life, Caplan, now 29, was the most athletic person in their family. They had a law degree and was working in Kingston, Ont., hoping to practice in family law before Complex Regional Pain Syndrome, or CRPS, began to spread throughout their body. “It really is a mystery disease,” said Dr. David Shulman, a pain specialist at Wilderman Medical Clinic in Thornhill and one of Rachael's doctors. CRPS begins as what looks like an autoimmune disease, but after about six months it progresses into something else – a neurological disease where the nerves are injured, said Shulman.
Article Continued Below
“The pain is a very specific type of pain and it's pain that would be typical of a nerve injury, in other words, if you bang your funny bone, that's unpleasant and it's like the funny bone is being banged constantly all day and all night,” they said. “It could be tingly, could be burning, shooting, lightning type pain.” It's a disease that affects a little over 9,000 per year in Canada, with just over half of those affected in Ontario, said Helen Small, the executive director and co-founder of PARC, a patient advocacy organization.
Small founded the group, which tries to promote awareness of CRPS, in 2002 to help people struggling with the disease and reduce their feelings of isolation. Symptoms of the disease are an intense, constant pain that usually starts in a hand or foot and then spreads. The affected area can be swollen and shiny, like a balloon being stretched. The area could sweat more, feel colder or hotter or change colour. An affected limb can have the appearance of death. Hair and nails can stop growing or grow very quickly. Bones can become brittle. It can start with some sort of trauma, an injury or broken bone. Or even a stroke, an infection or just from wrapping a limb in a cast. “It's not just pain, which is the main symptom, but it's basically your body starts breaking down, your nervous system, your immune system,” said Caplan. “I'm having a lot of trouble with my cardiovascular system, digestive system.” Caplan first began experiencing symptoms seven years ago while they were in their first year of law school at Queen's University. She'd developed a nagging hip injury, but continued to live a normal life. Two years later, in 2012, eager to begin snowboarding again, Caplan began receiving acupuncture treatment for about a month. Instead of going away, their pain intensified. “It just snowballed from there,” they said. “Instead of ‘it went downhill,' I call it going off a cliff.” It took Caplan about a year and a half to get a diagnosis because everyone they spoke to – from chiropractors to doctors to osteopaths – focused on their hip and what was wrong with it.
Rachael Caplan, then 24, in a photo prior to their diagnoses with CRPS. ( Supplied )
It wasn't until Caplan saw Dr. Shulman in June 2013, a year and a half later, that they got a diagnosis, on their 26th birthday. And with CRPS, getting an accurate diagnosis as quickly as possible is crucial. “It's sort of like a train leaving the station,” said Small. “When it's going slow you can catch it, but once it gathers speed it's gone.” In the first three months of the disease, there is an 80 to 90 per cent success rate in treatment, said Small. But often, doctors don't know enough about the disease to be able to diagnose a patient so quickly. “Sometimes if we pick (CRPS) up within the first six months we can try to help it reverse itself,” said Shulman, who is also a medical consultant for PARC. “After six months I think it's pretty much game over with really no chance of reversal. The best we can do is try to alleviate the symptoms, but really cure, no.” The prognosis is grim. “The coping is different for each person. If you're in constant pain it's very hard to sleep, it's very hard to think and it's very hard to do anything,” said Small. “Constant pain will cause insomnia, it will cause memory loss, agitation and depression if it's not handled properly.” “Not everybody has the worst form of the disease, some of them have a very limited disease and they can get by. Probably the minority could even continue working, but that's unusual,” said Shulman. “I think the majority end up pretty much disabled and unable to work and with various use of walkers, canes whatever it takes they try to stay mobile, but some of them can't.” Chronic pain in general shortens lifespan, added Shulman, sometimes through suicide or by causing immobile patients to develop illnesses they can't fight. “Five years in I'm in very, very bad shape. Very. Like I'm a severe case,” said Caplan. “Not everyone has it spread so much. It was unfortunate to get the illness and then I'm unfortunate to have it bad and I'm unfortunate that I haven't found a treatment yet that works.” But, somehow, Caplan seems unflappable.
Rachael Caplan's friends have started a social media campaign to raise awareness of the rare disease. ( Vince Talotta/Toronto Star )
“For me, it sounds funny to say this, but I am a happy person and I just told myself to keep going and that there has to be a way to get out,” they said. “Also I'm really motivated by my family and friends … they're so positive and they're so optimistic and so supportive,” they said. Caplan's friends created a Facebook page to detail their journey and keep in touch. Caplan themselves can't use a computer anymore and doesn't update it herself, but “it's their voice within their bedroom,” said Caplan's childhood friend Brittney Hofbauer, 29. Last month, Caplan's friends and family started sharing videos of themselves holding their hands in a container of ice water for a minute to mimic the feeling of CRPS and sharing it on social media to promote awareness of the disease. The challenge had been done before for CRPS, but Hofbauer and other members of Caplan's support group were hoping to gain more traction this time and they added the hashtag #AceThisFire. Fire, because Caplan's pain feels like fire is burning them “We used the hashtag Ace This Fire because it's an affirmation and a motto that Rachael really lives by so it was to make it more personal to Rachael's story,” said Hofbauer. So far, the videos shared have over 20,000 views. It's “about raising awareness to get people to think what is CRPS and maybe to get other people going to research about it …to make the community feel less alone,” said Hofbauer. “I don't feel like I have a choice. I didn't choose this, but I have to help the cause, I have to help raise awareness, I have to connect with others. It's just what I have to do,” said Caplan. Typical treatments haven't worked on them Physiotherapy, one of the key tools in treatment, made them feel worse. Drugs like opioids which are used to help lessen pain to allow for physiotherapy also aggravated their pain. The search for a treatment has sent Caplan to about 60 healthcare providers to seek both mainstream and alternative therapies and it's sent them on trips to the U.S. in search of someone who can stop their pain. Recently, they began green light therapy, which uses green LED lights in their room to help with the pain. “It's been a game changer for me with the pain in my head,” said Caplan, who after years of insomnia has been able to sleep for as much as nine hours a night since they began at the beginning of March. “To me anything that chips away at all these different health problems I've developed is amazing,” they said. “I usually have bad reactions so when I have a good reaction to something, to me it's a miracle.” Caplan hopes that by sharing their story other people will get quicker diagnoses, more treatment options will become available or a cure will be found. Ultimately, they hope to somehow find a way to go into remission. “I just feel like the world is out there waiting,” said Caplan. “I want to live. I'm turning 30 in June… I want to learn, I want to connect with people. I want to connect with nature. I like the simple things, I really do.”
Re: Death toll rises to 94 after massive U.S. bomb: Afghan official, April 15
Death toll rises to 94 after massive U.S. bomb: Afghan official, April 15
The recent action by the Trump administration to kill affiliates of Daesh, also known as ISIS or ISIL, in the Nangarhar province of Afghanistan shows that the newly formed U.S. government really cares about the safety of the people who live in the region. The Afghan government needed military support and the U.S. responded by way of dropping the mother of all bombs in Achin district. As a result, about 90 Daesh fighters were killed. According to the military, there are about 600 Daesh fighters in the country.
Gen. John Nicholson, commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, said that they would work hard to eliminate all Daesh fighters from Afghanistan by the end of this year.
As a result of U.S. action, local people will likely receive the help that they need from development workers because the area is now safe.
Some big changes are heading to downtown Saginaw.
A brand-new building for Delta College will break ground next week.
It is a project that has been years in the making.
“It's been at least four or five years since the initial conversations,” said Dawn Goodrow, board member for the Saginaw Downtown Development Authority.
The new center will replace Delta's satellite campus at the Ricker Center in Buena Vista.
“We were ecstatic when we hard it was going to be downtown,” Goodrow said.
They believe construction for the project will not only support business in the area, but also bring in new businesses as well.
“Not only the Delta College project, but the farmer's market. You know, those are two huge investments and you're talking about $30 million worth of investments between the two projects,” Goodrow said.
Goodrow said it's not just local businesses like Delta or the farmer's market that they are looking to attract, but also residents.
“We just want people to come down. With additional people you know, it makes the area feel more safe. And you know, there's something to see, something to do,” Goodrow said.
The Delta College groundbreaking ceremony will be held at 319 Genesee Ave. on March 26.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
In fulfillment of it's plan to ramp up the Social Investment Programmes, SIP, this year, the Buhari administration is now close to its target of feeding three million primary school children this year under the National Homegrown School Feeding Programme, one of its four ongoing SIP schemes.
Specifically, at the last count, a total of N6,204,912,889 has been paid out to 14 states during the school year ending August 2017.
The 14 states that have been covered under the School Feeding programme are Anambra, Enugu, Oyo, Osun, Ogun, Ebonyi, Zamfara, Delta, Abia, Benue, Plateau, Bauchi, Taraba and Kaduna.
So far, a total of 2,827,501 school children are currently benefiting from the School Feeding Programme, which is well on course to achieve the Federal Government's projection to feed over three million pupils this year.
In total, 33,895 cooks have been engaged in the communities where the schools are located across the 14 states.
Below is a breakdown of the payment to each state and the number of school children being fed under the programme.
Anambra state received a total of N693,013,300, while a total of 103,742 children have been fed thus far, with 1,009 cooks paid.
Enugu state got a total of N 571,877,400 and 108,898 children have been fed so far, with 1,276 cooks paid.
In Oyo state, a total of N490,296,800 was released by the FG for the feeding of 107,983 children, with 1.372 cooks engaged.
Osun state received a total of N1,000,394,888 for the feeding of 151,438 children. A total of 2,863 cooks were engaged in the state.
Similarly, Ogun state received a total of and N1,042,217,400 for the feeding of 231,660 schoolchildren, while a total of 2,205 cooks were paid.
For Ebonyi state, a total of N344,633,100 has been released for the feeding of 163,137 pupils so far, with a total of 1,453 cooks paid.
In the same vein, Zamfara state received a total of N402,295,600 for the feeding of 107,347 schoolchildren, while 1,127 cooks were engaged.
Delta state received a total of N225,896,300 for the feeding of 141,663 pupils. A total of 1,364 cooks were engaged in the state.
Abia and Benue states received a total of N128,763,600 and N337,157,800 respectively to feed a total of 61,316 and 240,827 pupils respectively. In Abia state, a total of 750 cooks were engaged, while 3,344 cooks were paid in Benue state.
Similarly, Plateau and Bauchi states received a total of N133,187,600 and N214,909,101 for the feeding of a total of 95,134 and 307,013 pupils respectively in the states. Also, 1,418 cooks have so far been engaged in Plateau state, with 3,261 in Bauchi state.
For Taraba state, a total of N120,284,500 was paid and 171,835 pupils have thus far been fed, with a total of 2,596 cooks paid.
Kaduna state received a total of N499,985,500 while 835,508 pupils have been fed so far. Also, a total of 9,857 cooks were paid under the programme in the state.
Toronto police resume dig at home where Bruce McArthur worked as landscaper
The investigation into alleged serial killer Bruce McArthur has triggered an internal police probe. (Photo by THE CANADIAN PRESS)
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto's gay village.
“We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found,” police spokesperson Meaghan Gray said.
“Then we decided to go back and revisit all the properties (where McArthur worked) again when the springtime hit and the thaw was done.”
Canine units found “a number of different spots” of interest on the property when they returned in the spring, Gray said.
Police dogs also searched about 100 other properties with links to McArthur's landscaping business but found nothing, they said.
The excavation began Wednesday and is expected to last multiple weeks, Gray said.
McArthur, currently in custody at a west Toronto jail, is alleged to have killed Selim Esen, Skandaraj Navaratnam, Andrew Kinsman, Majeed Kayhan, Dean Lisowick, Soroush Mahmudi, Abdulbasir Faizi and Kirushna Kanagaratnam.
Their case is scheduled to return to court on July 23.
Related: Alleged Toronto serial killer buried dismembered victims' remains in planter boxes: Cops
Related: Alleged Toronto serial killer charged with 8th count of first-degree murder
Related: Alleged Toronto serial killer previously questioned, released by police
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Police catching record number of stunt drivers in region — May 23
I fail to see how putting a photo of a car hooked to the back of a tow truck on Twitter and Facebook is any kind of deterrent. Also, the immediate loss of their car and driver's licence for only seven days does not seem adequate. If stunt drivers are actually convicted, the fines and suspensions are more significant and there can also be jail time. For there to have been 62 charges so far in 2018 is mind boggling and a bit scary. How many deaths have to happen before this is taken much, much more seriously with appropriate punishment? Unlike impaired drivers, there is no way to measure the level of ignorance and stupidity of stunt drivers, or their total lack of concern for others using the same roads. The very fact they are doing it in the first place should be measurement enough. Perhaps with more severe laws they might start showing the respect and responsibility that should go hand in hand with receiving a driver's licence.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
TORONTO — An NDP government in Ontario would spend $1.2 billion to provide dental coverage to an additional 4.5 million people, with the money coming from higher taxes for the wealthy and corporations, party leader Andrea Horwath said Monday.
If the party wins the provincial election in June, it will run a deficit to spend significantly on health care, Horwath said.
The NDP plan — called Ontario Benefits — would provide coverage for students, seniors and people working jobs without dental benefits, they said.
"No matter how you work, from full-time and part-time employees, to independent workers on contract or freelance you will have health benefits," Horwath said. "You will be able to get the dental care that you need."
The NDP dental plan, first announced Saturday, would extend publicly funded dental care to all seniors without retiree benefits at a cost of $670 million in its first year. The second stage of the plan would provide dental benefits to all workers, which the party estimates would cost $575 million a year. The plan would be fully implemented by 2020.
The plan would cover a number of dental procedures including basic exams, cleanings, x-rays, preventative and minor restorative work and necessary dentures.
The plan for workers would be funded with mix of employer and employee contributions similar to the employment insurance. People earning under $30,000 would have their contributions refunded while workers making over $60,000 would contribute a maximum of $4.33 a week.
Horwath said an NDP government would also raise the money to pay for the plan by increasing taxes on the wealthy and corporations.
"Our platform will be fully costed and it will have a responsible fiscal plan attached to it," they said. "But that does include protecting lower income and middle class families from cost pressures. .. but the wealthiest among us and the most profitable corporations will be asked to pay their fair share."
The NDP leader also said that their party would run a deficit if elected but they would not provide any further details.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City missed the chance to go equal second in the Championship on Friday evening as Bolton Wanderers edged a close affair at the Macron Stadium.
After the game head coach Lee Johnson bemoaned the two possible penalty decisions that could have gone the Robins' way, but was more damning about their side's conviction.
The former Barnsley and Oldham did pay credit to the opposition, too, however.
“I thought they deserved to win. I think, dare I say it, they wanted it more. I didn't think we started well – I thought we were a bit flicky, a bit posey, and didn't do the basics better then them,” they said.
“I think that led to Bolton being encouraged that they were well in the game. Ameobi was very good and caused us problems all night.
“I'm very disappointed. I can take being beat but I was disappointed with the manner of the defeat. And the way that we lacked heart tonight,” they explained in the post-match press conference.
The Bristol Post asked if – an example of this – Joe Bryan could have done more to stop Sammy Ameobi breaking from their own half to rifle in the match-winning goal.
“Absolutely. I think that's an understatement.”
And on the penalty decisions?
“I thought the first one was a definite. The second one [Flint] was a foul but you're never going to get that,” they said.
“But listen, it wasn't about the standard of the refereeing tonight because we can't legislate for that.
“What we can legislate for is our performance. And we haven't done enough to go and beat a resolute Bolton side,” they explained.
City will need to bounce back against Sunderland at Ashton Gate next weekend as the Robins continue their campaign for promotion.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what they said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser, less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," they say.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," they say in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that then-President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but they also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," they say. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
They added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to them directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In their confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
They say that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if they could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This later proved to be untrue.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to them about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from John Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations" as well as "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer later reports at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions, they couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, they admit accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29.
Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee, says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom
FRESH CHANGES: Road closures and night work continues on the Woolgoolga to Ballina Pacific Highway upgrade.
FRESH CHANGES: Road closures and night work continues on the Woolgoolga to Ballina Pacific Highway upgrade. Trevor Veale
MOTORISTS are advised of changed traffic conditions and night work this week on the Pacific Highway to progress the Woolgoolga to Ballina upgrade.
Traffic will be moved onto new diversion and local access roads at north Chatsworth Island, Mororo and Woombah, starting today.
Certain new diversions are temporary to maintain capacity on the road network while safely building the new highway and Iluka interchange.
Some of the new local roads are permanent and will eventually provide connections between communities and access to the upgraded highway.
From today motorists travelling on the highway will be redirected onto the southbound carriageway between Carrolls Lane at Chatsworth Island and Iluka Road at Woombah.
The northbound carriageway will be temporarily closed along with the intersection of Chatsworth Road north and highway with local traffic diverted over the existing northbound Mororo Bridge and connecting to the local road network at Garretts Lane West and Lewis Lane.
Access to the highway will be available from the new intersection of the Garretts Lane West diversion road.
On Tuesday, March 20, the intersection of Iluka Road and the highway will be temporarily closed.
All traffic travelling to and from Iluka will now access the Pacific Highway from the new Garretts Lane East local road connection, about 500 metres north of the existing Mororo bridges.
All movements will be available at this intersection.
On Monday, March 26, the final diversion road switch will be implemented on the new local road connection which is about 1.2 kilometres long and joins the Old Pacific Highway from Iluka Road to Garretts Lane East.
For the safety of workers and motorists, reduced speed limits and traffic control may be in place on the highway, local roads and access roads.
Delays of up to five minutes are expected at most locations and all work is carried out weather permitting.
Motorists are advised to drive to the conditions and follow the direction of signs and traffic control.
For the latest traffic updates visit www.livetraffic.com, download the Live Traffic NSW App or call 132 701.
2015 Folonari Pinot Grigio Delle Venezie IGT, Italy 3L (LCBO 492116 $44.95 in stores now) ( Folonari S.P.A. )
What do you think of bag-in-box wine? Lacklustre cheap juice? Decent at best? Embarrassing to serve in certain company? I won't fault you for any of those perceptions. But I'd argue that they're only valid because you live in Ontario. In this province, the only wine that's been sold in that format has been blends of non-vintage-dated imported and domestic juice, a much-maligned category called International-Canadian Blends (ICB). More premium boxed wine has always been forbidden. Also, competition has been squelched by a grandfathered policy that only allows three companies — Colio Wines of Canada Ltd., Constellation Brands Inc. and Andrew Peller Ltd. — to sell boxed wine larger than 1 litre in Ontario. Meanwhile, premium bag-in-box wine is a fiercely competitive category growing in popularity. It doubled its market share in the United States in the past four years according to American market research firm Information Resources Inc. In fact, drinking boxed wine south of the border is like sporting a well-made T-shirt or the right pair of jeans at a party, it's considered smart casual. After all, the format is genius. Dispense the wine from the built-in spout, the bag of wine in box collapses in on itself, and no air (the enemy of wine) enters. So the wine stays fresh for about six weeks after opening compared with days for bottles. It's also space-saving, relatively lightweight and handy. And here in Ontario, The Beer Store accepts and recycles empties.
Article Continued Below
It's a shame the LCBO has only offered sub-standard wine in this format. But the situation is starting to change. Prompted by the Premier's Advisory Council on Government Assets' recommendation in 2015 to let more producers sell bag-in-box wines, nine new three-litre offerings hit shelves this month — four imports, four VQA Ontario wines, and one ICB wine by a maker other than Colio, Constellation or Peller. “We are thrilled to see these new import and domestic products now on-shelf. It's a great first step,” said Heather MacGregor, executive director of Drinks Ontario, the trade association for beverage alcohol agents, suppliers and manufacturers here. “But to truly level the playing field we need steady sales in all of these new products so that LCBO will be encouraged to expand the selection for the Ontario consumer.” Of course, truly levelling the playing field would require listing new 4-litre bag-in-box wines to compete directly with the 4-litre ICB offerings by Colio, Constellation and Peller. Sure, expanding that category would put the lucrative ICB wines' market share at risk, but to the advantage of wine drinkers. After all, the 4-litre format is clearly popular. Just how popular? Four of the five bestselling wines by volume in Ontario are 4-litre ICBs — French Cross Dry White ($35.95), French Cross Red ($34.95), French Cross Pinot Grigio ($41.95), and Colio Extra Dry White ($32.95). But for now, we'll have to settle for a baby step in the right direction with the introduction of the following nine new 3-litre boxed wines: Bota Box Cabernet Sauvignon, California 3L (LCBO 492363 $41.95) Cupcake Red Velvet, California 3L (LCBO 510883 $45.95) Folonari Pinot Grigio Delle Venezie IGT, Italy 3L (LCBO 492116 $44.95) Long Weekend Chardonnay-Pinot Grigio VQA, ON 3L (LCBO 492355 $44.95) Open Riesling Gewurztraminer VQA, ON 3L (LCBO 492231 $39.95) Open Smooth Red VQA, ON 3L (LCBO 492249 $39.95) Pelee Island Monarch Vidal VQA, ON 3L (LCBO 492215 $39.95) Pelee Island Rouge Ontario ICB 3L (LCBO 492223 $24.94) Radio Boka Tempranillo Valencia, Spain 3L (LCBO 491118 $37.90) I tasted all nine to suss out the top five — scored to reflect their value for money. Read on. Carolyn Evans Hammond is a Toronto-based wine writer.  They are also a London-trained sommelier and two-time bestselling wine book author. Reach them at carolyn@carolynevanshammond.com . Best boxes 2015 Folonari Pinot Grigio Delle Venezie IGT, Italy, 3L (LCBO 492116 $44.95, in stores now) Folonari is the bestselling imported Pinot Grigio in Ontario by volume, which is not surprising. It's a dry, suave little Italian that delivers restrained flavours and aromas of mixed citrus that lead to a lingering note of white flowers — in short, a clean, lean wash of refreshment with every sip. And its silky-smooth mouthfeel makes it taste quite refined. This 3-litre format represents about a 20 per cent savings versus buying the equivalent volume of this wine in the 750 mL bottle, which sells for $13.95. Score: 91
( Pelee Island Winery )
2015 Pelee Island Winery Monarch Vidal VQA Ontario 3L (LCBO 492215 $39.95, in stores by end of April) This is a gorgeous wine from grapes grown right here in Ontario! Light-bodied and versatile, it starts with gentle scents of nectarine and orange zest before racing across the palate with fresh flavours of yellow stone fruit and mixed citrus. It's a crisp white but a kiss of sweetness makes it an easy choice for spicy fare or served on its own as a cocktail alternative. This 3-litre format represents a 13 per cent savings versus buying the equivalent volume of this wine in the 750 mL bottle, which sells for $11.45. Score: 91
( Constellation Brands )
2015 Open Smooth Red VQA, ON 3L (LCBO 492249 $39.95, in stores now) This light-bodied read is a clean, super-smooth quencher. Juicy-fresh flavours of bright red fruit taste lifted and not unlike raspberry jam on toast. This off-dry blend of Cabernet Franc and Gamay, Ontario's two best red varieties, seasoned with a dash of Merlot is certainly charming and easy to enjoy with or without food. Well done, Ontario. This 3-litre format represents a 35 per cent savings versus buying the equivalent volume of this wine in the 750 mL bottle, which sells for $15.45. Score: 89
( Hammeken Cellars S.L. )
Radio Boka Tempranillo Valencia, Spain 3L (LCBO 491118 $37.90, in stores now) This juicy and approachable Spanish red offers a stylish pour at a reasonable price. Expect a silky-crisp hit of ripe raspberries and wild strawberries laced with black cherry coulis, cafe latte and white pepper. Stylishly complex drop for a song, this 3-litre format represents a 13 per cent savings versus buying the equivalent volume of this wine in the 750 mL bottle, which sells for $10.95. Score: 90+
( Cupcake Vineyards )
2014 Cupcake Red Velvet, California 3L (LCBO 510883 $45.95, in stores now) If you like the idea of Black Forest cake in a glass, you'll probably enjoy this rich, off-dry blend of Zinfandel, Merlot and Petite Sirah. Think saturated, mouthcoating flavours of dark chocolate, Chantilly cream and vanilla spiked with tart black and red cherry compote. This 3-litre format of this popular wine represents about a 10 per cent savings versus buying the equivalent volume of it in the 750 mL bottle, which sells for $12.95. Score: 88
ROH News: WWE alumni Shelton Benjamin booked for the Inaugural Tragos/Thesz HOF Tournament
'The Gold Standard' of the WWE will headline the first ever Tragos/Thesz Tournament.
by Prityush Haldar News 15 Jun 2017, 11:00 IST
Shelton Benjamin has wrestled for a variety of companies such as ROH, NJPW, WWE, and Pro Wrestling Noah
What's the story?
Former WWE Superstar Shelton Benjamin is reported to have been booked for the inaugural Tragos/Thesz HOF tournament. The event will be organised by the National Wrestling Hall of Fame Dan Gable Museum.
In case you didn't know...
Shelton Benjamin was a part of one of the greatest batch of wrestlers ever produced by OVW, moving up the ranks with the likes of Brock Lesnar, Randy Orton, John Cena, and Batista. While Benjamin could not attain the same level of star power as their colleagues, they managed to enthral the WWE Universe with their athleticism.
They were scheduled to make a return to the WWE in the aftermath of the brand split in 2016, but a torn rotator cuff prevented them from doing so.
The heart of the matter
The Hall of Fame Classic will feature top eight independent professional wrestlers in the United States. Troy Peterson, owner of Impact Pro Wrestling said that the company was looking to make the tournament an annual gala event.
The company has assembled some serious star power for the tournament that includes the likes of Shane Strickland, Chuck Taylor, AJ Smooth, Penta El Zero M, Curt “The Lonestar” Stallion, “Hot Fire” Myron Reed and ACH besides Benjamin.
The poster for the tournament also advertises noted WWE Hall of Famers such as Jim Ross, Stan Hensen, and Gerald Brisco.
The poster being advertised for the show
What's next?
The Five Sullivan Brothers Convention Center in Waterloo, Iowa will be the setting for the eight-man tournament during the Impact Pro Wrestling Show on 21 July 2017. The first round is scheduled for 1 PM. The final match will take place at 7 PM during the Impact Pro Wrestling Show.
Author's take
This tournament will give the fans another opportunity to watch Shelton Benjamin square off against some of the best independent workers in the business. Benjamin has been plagued by injuries in the past but their working style would be a strong platform to build up the tournament into a grand annual extravaganza.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Orchard tours and the cider making process are proving popular with American tourists visiting these shores.
Grand Circle Corporation's Overseas Adventure Travel, Boston have signed up with County-Armagh-based Long Meadow Cider to tour the orchards, view the cider-making processes and of course taste the products as part of a new holiday package initiative.
“The tours got underway in early May with the help of local Armagh Banbridge Craigavon Borough Council and are scheduled to run through until November,” explained Long Meadow Cider managing director, Pat McKeever. “Lunches are provided by Portadown-based Yellow Door Deli and the whole experience has been going down a treat.
“Feedback has been excellent and some of the visitors have even expressed an interest in helping us to bring our products state-side.”
Local company Donna Fox Tours from Armagh have also signed up with the McKeever family for Orchard Tours and that is also proving very popular.
“The tourist aspect has added a new dimension to the marketing of our products and through working with organisations such as the Lough Neagh Partnership and Donna Fox Tours such initiatives are not only heightening the profile but actually working in terms of introducing new customers to our range of products,” said Catherine McKeever.
The McKeever family, who are behind the Long Meadow brand of locally produced ciders, apple juices and cider vinegar, have always been very proactive when it comes to promotion.
Back in May of last year-Long Meadow Cider was crowned Northern Ireland's ‘Best local food and drink product' in a competition organised by George Best Belfast City Airport supported by Food NI.
“With £30,000 of marketing support as the prize that amount of exposure took our profile to a whole new level,” added Catherine.
“But it's an ongoing process and something which has to be looked at on a daily basis. Promotion, like everything else, has to be fresh and we are always looking at new ways of achieving that.”
The month of May has been extremely busy for the McKeever's with Long Meadow Medium, Blossom Burst and Rhubarb & Honey Ciders just launched into Sainsbury Stores N.I.
“As a result of achieving Salsa accreditation, a food safety standard granted to suppliers who can demonstrate to an auditor that they can supply safe and legal food, our ciders have been available in local Sainsbury's stores since the 2nd May and we are absolutely delighted with that,” said Peter McKeever.
The McKeever family view the listing as a tremendous boost for the company but they are not prepared to rest on their laurels.
The spotlight is currently on the Bank of Ireland Open Farm weekend which takes place on Saturday, 16th and Sunday, 17th June.
Long Meadow Cider is taking part for the third time and this year the family plans to do things a little bit differently.
“We very much recognise that our products, both cider and apple juice, are increasingly being aligned with food offerings and this year we are teaming up with Mervyn Kennedy of Kennedy Bacon to offer Hog Roasts with cider basting during the Open Farm weekend,” said Pat.
“We will also have the usual tours of the orchard, a treasure hunt and face painting but there will also be a number of new things to look out for.
“In the past it has been great days out for all of the family and we aim to keep it that way.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For most of us, £40 is a lot of money.
It's enough to buy you a good meal at one of many nice Bristol restaurants, or - to put it more simply - it's enough to get you completely sloshed in the form of eight or nine pints, if you feel that way inclined.
Another thing it can also now get you in Bristol is a place on one of the city's newest drinking tours and, as I discovered on a sunny Saturday afternoon, it's money well spent.
A new series of cider tours has recently launched in Bristol, led by renowned cider expert Gabe Cook who is perhaps better known by their alter-ego The Ciderologist.
Gabe takes their merry companions to three different Bristol drinking holes during the course of the tour, where they impart nuggets of wisdom about the fermented apple upon you as you sample a variety of ciders, paired with different foods.
At £40 per person, the tour is undeniably pricey - but that's not to say you don't get a lot for your money.
The day begins with a cider tasting flight at The Stable, where you try five different ciders served in 1/3 pint glasses and nibble on a slice of pizza or two.
You quickly learn there's very little about cider which Gabe doesn't know, as they talk you through the traditional cider-making process, along with the sheer act of love and labour which is the struggle of making perry.
Interestingly, one of the ciders sampled at The Stable was a fruit cider. While drinks like Kopparberg and Rekorderlig are scoffed and scorned at by many in the 'industry', fruit ciders now account for a huge chunk of the UK market and to deny their existence is a fool's move, according to Gabe.
By getting their guests to sample a fruitier drink, the aim is to appeal to a wider demographic of cider drinker (although if you're on the tour you probably already love the stuff) and show people that fruity doesn't necessarily mean bad.
Any cider-loving Bristolian will tell you The Apple is the place to be for a drop of the 'real' stuff and, true to tradition, the popular cider boat is the next place on the tour.
The aim of the Apple pitstop is to show guests how, just occasionally, traditional scrumpy-style cider isn't always the most well-made but, on this occasion, even Gabe admitted it was hard to find fault with the two half-pints we sampled. They both went down excellently in the blazing sunshine and it almost felt a shame to wander over to the Bristol Cider Shop, where a table inside a small shipping container awaited us.
Any unhappiness we had about being confined indoors on a beautiful day soon vanished, though, as we enjoyed some brilliantly-made ciders. The highlight was easily an ice cider made in a similar fashion to iced wine, which was paired with some delicious cheese from the Bristol Cheesemonger just along the road at Cargo 2.
The day is undoubtedly pricey, and it's fair to say most of us won't be able to afford a cider tasting tour every month.
As far as indulgences go, however, it's a great way to treat yourself on a special occasion as the knowledge and insight you get into this fascinating West Country beverage is extremely worthwhile. The Ciderologist and their encyclopaedic knowledge of those apples are a welcome addition to Bristol's fascinating food and drink scene.
Visit cidertastingtours.com to book a place on one of The Ciderologist's monthly tours.
August 18, 2017 at 8pm to August 19, 2017 at 12:30am – Manny's On Second
WHAT - "Sizzler " Concert with performances by Bruse Wane and other artist and guest appearances. A night of Hip Hop, Partying & Networking. Advanc…
Organized by top Of The Game & Music Merchant | Type: hip, hop, concert
COSTA MESA, Calif. (AP) — Deep in their 12th season as the Chargers' starting quarterback, Philip Rivers is playing some of their best football.
In their first game since turning 36 years old, Rivers carved up the Washington Redskins' secondary on the way to 319 yards and two touchdowns in Los Angeles' 30-13 victory Sunday.
That blowout win was just the latest big game in Rivers' string of savvy performances for the Chargers (7-6), who have won four straight heading into Saturday's showdown with Kansas City (7-6) for first place in the AFC West.
While the Chargers have an increasingly impressive defense and several offensive playmakers, the quarterback with the three-hour daily commute from San Diego is the engine driving them toward the postseason.
Advertisement
“We've been on a good little run the last few weeks,” Chargers offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt said Monday. “A lot of it has to do with Philip and the way he's playing.”
During the Chargers' winning streak, Rivers has 1,348 yards passing with eight touchdowns and four straight passer ratings over 100. They also haven't committed a turnover during that four-game stretch, the longest turnover-free streak of their entire career.
“He's unstoppable,” said receiver Tyrell Williams, who caught a beautiful 75-yard TD pass from Rivers on Sunday. “I don't even have a word for him. He's just playing great. I know he's going to keep doing what he's doing, and if they keep playing like that, we're going to be a hard team to beat.”
Not bad for a quarterback who threw a career-worst 21 interceptions last season and then wondered if the end of their Chargers career was near when they started 0-4 in their relocation season.
“(There were) a lot of different emotions,” Rivers recalled Sunday. “A little bit of, ‘You've got to be kidding me! Could it be any worse right now? We moved up the road. We've lost four in a row. Is this my last 12 games here?' You have all of those thoughts.”
Instead, the Chargers have won four straight home games while moving above .500 for the first time since September 2015.
The Chargers have given themselves the chance to be the first NFL team since the 1992 San Diego Chargers to make the playoffs after starting 0-4. A win in Kansas City would put the Chargers on an inside track to their first division title since 2009, the last of four straight AFC West champions led by LaDainian Tomlinson, Antonio Gates and Rivers.
“While it's been real exciting, we've been right here before on the cusp, and we lose the last two or three, and you end up a game out,” Rivers said. “While everybody is excited and feeling pretty good about what we've done to get back in it, we've got to make sure nobody relaxes. … You hear all this positive stuff about the Chargers now, but we have to make sure we continue to move forward like we have been.”
In some previous seasons in San Diego, Rivers and the Chargers got off to outstanding starts before fading down the stretch, either due to nagging injuries or slumping performances by a team that has made the playoffs once since 2009.
This season has been something different: Rivers completed just 63.3 percent of their passes and made five turnovers during the 0-4 start, only to improve steadily as the season progressed.
Rivers has moved up to fourth in the NFL with 3,611 yards passing, behind only Ben Roethlisberger, Tom Brady and Matthew Stafford. Their 23 touchdown passes are fifth in the league, and they have thrown only seven interceptions all season — just three in the past 10 games.
Most importantly, Rivers and their offense are playing with palpable confidence while winning seven of their past nine games overall. Rivers said they felt good about the Chargers' chances against the Redskins after just one look at their scripted plays for the start of the game.
Although they have never been the NFL's most nimble quarterback, Rivers has been remarkably adept at avoiding rushes and blitzes in recent weeks. They were sacked twice by the Redskins, but avoided trouble on several additional plays.
They didn't show that caution while leading the blocking for Travis Benjamin on a reverse running play in the second half, however. Although Rivers didn't end up hitting anybody, that play still sent shivers up the spines of Whisenhunt and head coach Anthony Lynn one day later.
“He looked like a parade master going down the field,” Whisenhunt said. “I would have preferred if they had just gone ahead and run out of bounds so they could just get out of the action.”
NOTES: Backup RB Andre Williams is probably out for the season due to surgery on their injured wrist. Lynn believes Williams was hurt on the final play against Washington. The Boston College product plays on special teams and has nine carries for 25 yards. Lynn expects Branden Oliver, who has played in just one game since Oct. 1, to step in.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
NAME Egg!
WHAT IT IS The world isn't round, it's oval in this game that celebrates the egg.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
HOW MUCH Free
COMPATIBLE WITH iPhone, iPad and iPod touch, requires iOS 7.0 or later; Android, requires 4.0 and up
WHAT'S GOOD Want to get in on the urban chicken coop trend but don't have the space? If all you want is to manage a chicken farm — and really, who wouldn't? — then maybe this app will scratch your entrepreneurial spirit. The premise of the game is simple: Start an egg farm and turn it into an empire through expansion and research. Small details make the game unexpectedly delightful, such as the option to shoot down drones that fly over your property. (Are they part of some corporate egg-spionage? The game doesn't say but will give you money for crashing those drones.) Running your farm will be easier if you make in-app purchases, but it's possible to thrive without doling out cash.
You can also choose to watch ads to get more cash or golden eggs, which is the currency of choice for the really good boosts. The game won't teach you any actual farming skills — unless tapping on a screen like a chicken somehow makes you better at raising them — but it is surprisingly addictive.
WHAT'S NOT If you accidentally delete the app and download it again, it won't pick up your game from where you left off.
× St. Louis mayor under fire for ‘thanking' Greitens for service
ST. LOUIS — St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson is under fire for a tweet following Governor Eric Greitens' resignation.
Them message says: “I thank the governor for their service. I know this was a hard decision. My hope is that we get back to working for the people and doing the business of the state.”
I thank the governor for their service. I know this was a hard decision. My hope is that we get back to working for the people and doing the business of the state. — Mayor Lyda Krewson (@LydaKrewson) May 29, 2018
That remark gratitude sparked outrage online. Krewson then took to Facebook and Twitter to say they intended their tweet to begin, “The healing needed from inexcusable, embarrassing and disgusting actions of Governor Eric Greitens. They added that their tweet was, “well-intended but missed the mark.”
This is the full message the Mayor posted to Facebook Wednesday morning:
“It is said that the road to hell is paved with good intention. Yesterday, I posted a tweet intended to begin the healing needed from inexcusable, embarrassing, and disgusting actions of Governor Eric Greitens. It was well intended but missed the mark!
I probably should have left civility at the door and said, thank goodness Governor Greitens got the message that violating the trust of their family, their supporters, their staff and the voters is inexcusable. I should have said, it's about time and overdue.
After four months of dating, on Saturday, July 2 Lee Dong-Wook, the star of Guardian: The Lonely and Great God and Korean pop queen Suzy, their management have announced that they broke-up.
During the announcement of the split, the representatives of both artistes sad that the busy schedule of the couple had become the reason behind this decision. As reported by Soompi, the JYP Entertainment said that due to the busy schedule of both the celebrities, it was difficult for them to meet and they naturally ended the relationship.
Reports also stated that currently, the 36-year-old Lee is busy with their new drama titled 'Life' and Suzy, 23, is now preparing for their next big spy drama action called "Vagabond."
Even though the followers and fans of these two celebrities became shocked to know the news, this announcement also triggered debates on Twitter. While some people started to call Suzy a "serial-dater," few followers also labelled them as 'Taylor Swift of South Korea,' as they wanted to slut-shame the Korean star the way people treated American singer Swift for their long list of ex-boyfriends.
On the other hand, a fan tweeted, "It's their life, their decision maybe they didn't find comfort in each other. But they are both my favourite and they will be my favourite. I wish them luck for their future."
I wouldn't swap Ronaldo for Neymar, says Madrid great Casillas
Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Real Madrid is once again a source of speculation but Iker Casillas believes Neymar would be a downgrade.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 01:53 IST 1.79K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Cristiano Ronaldo and Iker Casillas
Real Madrid would be getting a rough deal if they ended up with Neymar as a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, according to their former goalkeeper Iker Casillas.
Madrid's all-time record goalscorer threw their future in to doubt in the immediate aftermath of last Saturday's 3-1 Champions League final win over Liverpool when they spoke of their time at the Santiago Bernabeu in the past tense.
Ronaldo partially rowed back on those statements in mixed-zone interviews in Kiev and then signed off a speech at Madrid's trophy parade by telling supporters: "Until next year…"
Nevertheless, the fact Madrid have been persistently linked to a move for Neymar, along with the Brazilian's club Paris Saint-Germain being one of a select few in Europe who could offer a financial package in line with Ronaldo's demands, meant the Portuguese superstar merely fuelled existing rumours.
Speaking at an event where they were presented as an ambassador for betting company Sportium, Casillas – who is now with Portuguese champions Porto – spoke of Ronaldo in glowing terms and urged against any prospect of them leaving the Spanish capital.
"Cristiano is the best team-mate I've ever had," they said. "It's incredible what this guy is doing – they are [still] improving every day.
"It's crazy, whatever people are saying.  They are happy at Madrid and whatever has been said before they always remained at Real Madrid.
"I don't think they will leave. Cristiano could be compared to [Alfredo] Di Stefano.
"Would I change them for Neymar? No. I wouldn't change them for any player in the world. I understand football changes but, nowadays, Cristiano is Real Madrid."
Casillas believes Neymar should avoid the turbulence of another blockbusting transfer and focus upon making good on their €222million switch from Barcelona to PSG by establishing a similarly definitive spell with their current club.
"He changed a big club like Barcelona for a new challenge in PSG. I wouldn't understand their exit right now," the 37-year-old said, before adding slightly mischievously, "But I do understand that everybody would love to end up playing for Real Madrid."
Frances L. Parker, age 95, of Hays, Kansas, passed away on Saturday, August 12, 2017 at the Harry Hynes Memorial Hospice in Wichita, Kansas.
Funeral arrangements are pending and will be announced at a later date by Brock's-Keithley Funeral Chapel & Crematory, 2509 Vine Street, Hays, Kansas 67601.
ISL 2017: Kerala Blasters hold talks with Dimitar Berbatov but deal not yet done
The 36-year-old is a free agent.
@blowmeoffaridge by Abhijit Bharali Rumours 14 Aug 2017, 15:06 IST
Dimitar Berbatov at Manchester United
Former Manchester United striker and Bulgarian legend Dimitar Berbatov's move to the Indian Super League could still be on as the striker looks for a big payday before hanging up theirs boots.
Last month, we had reported that Berbatov was attracting interest from ISL clubs but at that time, the player was in no rush to commit their future to any club.
A source close to the striker has now revealed that Kerala Blasters have contacted the player, although the status of the player's decision remains the same. Berbatov is believed to be stalling over the terms of the deal, which should be a single-year one, but Kerala Blasters remain confident of sealing an agreement. The Kochi-based outfit are on the lookout for two more foreign strikers.
Earlier this week, local Kerala publication Manorama carried a story reporting Berbatov's signing is imminent and Kerala Blasters could announce the former Premier League winner in a day or two. As things stand, that is still a possibility.
Should their ISL move materialise, the 36-year-old could meet an old acquaintance in the ISL in the form of their former Tottenham Hotspur strike partner Robbie Keane, who is set to play in ATK colours next season.
It is believed that new Kerala Blasters head coach Rene Meulensteen has been the major influence in the Yellows going for the Bulgarian record goalscorer, the former Manchester United assistant manager having worked with the striker as a skills coach at Manchester United and as a manager at Fulham.
Berbatov's arrival in India could be a massive statement of intent from Kerala Blasters. The two-time finalists have already roped in two of the best forwards in the ISL - CK Vineeth and Iain Hume - and getting a third in Berbatov will see the Blasters installed as the early favourites to lift the 2017-18 ISL title.
However, all of that depends on how the negotiations pan out. The Berbatov deal could set Kerala Blasters back by a significant amount of money, but the Kochi-based club are ready to take the financial risk in exchange for an enhanced global profile. The club became the first ISL club with 1 million Twitter followers this week and roping in a big name like Berbatov will be another significant booster of the Kerala Blasters brand and will pull in more Indian fans of European football into the Blasters' fold.
Berbatov is one of the most famous names in world football owing to their hugely fruitful time at Manchester United but at 36, they are not a guaranteed success. Should they misfire for the Blasters, at least they have the likes of Hume and Vineeth to fall back on, hence signing the Bulgarian could prove to be a masterstroke for Meulensteen and the Kerala Blasters hierarchy.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 12:42 pm |
Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
There is no evidence that the FBI planted a “spy” on President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, a senior House Republican said Wednesday, directly contradicting Trump's repeated insistence that the agency inserted a “spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win.”
Rep. Trey Gowdy, chairperson of the House Oversight Committee and a longtime Trump supporter, was briefed last week by the Justice Department and FBI following reports that investigators relied on a U.S. government informant in its investigation into Russian election meddling.
“I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump,” Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican, told Fox News on Tuesday.
On Wednesday, Gowdy said they had “never heard the term ‘spy' used” and did not see evidence of that.
“Informants are used all day, every day by law enforcement,” they told CBS.
Gowdy's comments are particularly striking because of their role as a powerful GOP watchdog who took on Democrat Hillary Clinton in their committee's investigation into the 2012 attacks on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, while they were secretary of state. The probe unearthed the existence of Clinton's private email server, which triggered an FBI inquiry and crippled their 2016 presidential campaign against Trump.
Gowdy announced in January that they would retire from Congress at the end of the current term and return to work in the justice system.
Trump has zeroed in on, and at times embellished, reports on the informant, calling it “spygate” and tweeting that it was “starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history.” Trump has also rejected assertions by the U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government was trying to help them beat Clinton.
Trump's legal team has asked to review classified information about the origins of the FBI investigation to prepare the president for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller, who is now leading the investigation into ties between Trump's campaign and Russia.
“The folks who have seen the information have the same perspective,” Gowdy said. “The folks who have not seen the information, I don't know what informs their perspective.”
Gowdy, did, however, express support for Trump's “frustration” with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused themselves in May 2017 from the Russia probe based on possible conflict of interest. The recusal of Sessions, an early backer of Trump's presidential bid, followed the revelation that they had two previously undisclosed interactions during the 2016 campaign with the Russian ambassador.
Gowdy told CBS that Trump is just “expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job. Not afterward.”
Trump tweeted out Gowdy's comments on Sessions, including theirs saying that “there are lots of really good lawyers in the country” and that the president “could have picked someone else” for the top Justice Department job.
“And I wish I did!” Trump wrote.
Trump did not reference Gowdy's comments that there was no evidence of the FBI planting a spy on their campaign.
ANOTHER family have been forced to navigate the overwhelming sense of grief after the loss of two loved ones yesterday.
At approximately 4:24pm Monday afternoon, a man and woman in their 70s, believed to be from the Ashby area, were killed as their blue Hyundai hatchback collided head-on with a Kia on the Pacific Highway, south of Maclean.
Later that night, police made their way to their next of kin to deliver the heartbreaking news that mum and dad were gone.
"The family were understandably devastated they have lost both of their parents," Inspector Jo Reid said. "It's awful at any time but in the lead up to Christmas time it's even worse."
Insp. Reid, who was present when the family received the news, said that while police have a lot of experience with these moments, delivering what's known as a 'death message' is always the hardest part of the job.
"It's one of the most awful things you ever have to do as a police officer," they said. "There is no easy way to tell someone a member of their family has been killed, let alone two.
"We have a probationary constable arriving soon and they will also have to experience this part of the job; it's not something you can teach. Each person has to find their own way to do it."
Insp. Reid said that it was a delicate balancing act when informing families about a loss.
"It's about being honest, but also trying to find that balance between giving them as much information as they need while trying to be compassionate during what is the worst moment of their life,"
"When hearing that you have lost a family member, it takes a while for the grief to set in so it's important not to overload them with information.
"Families also have a lot of questions in the days following, so it's about being as accessible to them as they need."
The names of the two Ashby residents have yet to be released.
"We're allowing the family time to get together and come to terms with what has happened," Ins. Reid said.
In the meantime, police are attempting to contact the families of the Kia driver and their passengers, believed to be Singaporean nationals, who all remain in hospital.
The woman, who is at Gold Coast University Hospital remains in critical condition on life support while the two men are still in a serious but stable condition at Lismore Base Hospital.
Lifestyle
The Lyons Arts & Humanities Commission began a summer “Art Walk” program last year, as a way to attract and expose out-of-town visitors, as well area residents, to the vibrant art scene in the community. This summer, the reins have been handed over to local artists Devin and Serina Chiaramonte of
Metamorphosis on Main Street, and the couple plan to add a few new wrinkles to the event.
“We are trying to do something a little different. As well as local art galleries, we are calling out to all local artists in Lyons and other surrounding areas such as Boulder, Longmont, Fort Collins, etc.,” says Devin. “All participating artists who will be exhibiting their work will make 100% of the profit, adds Serina. There will be no fee for setting up a vendor booth. “We want to celebrate artists and their work as well as get them as much exposure as they can get while making the Art Walk fun for the whole family to attend.”
The monthly Art Walks will be held on the second Saturdays and Sundays of each month from 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. The dates are June 10 & 11; July 8 & 9; and August 12 & 13. Artists interested in participating in the Art Walks can get more information at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . You can check them out on Facebook at www.facebook.com/lyonslocalart. They are also on Instagram at: @Lyonsartwalk. Sign up now while space lasts!
Asylum-Seeking Student Says Nothing Can Stand Between Him And Poetry
Enlarge this image toggle caption Portland Press Herald/Press Herald via Getty Images Portland Press Herald/Press Herald via Getty Images
Allan Monga, a junior at Deering High School in Portland, Maine, traveled to Washington, D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday. It's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry, and it's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation.
But Monga, who says they fled violence in their home country of Zambia, was initially barred from the national final because of their immigration status: He's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship.
Poetry Out Loud's official rules require permanent residence, so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation. A judge granted a motion allowing them to compete, and they went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition. They read two poems but did not advance to the finals.
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to them — and others.
"I am not the only kid who's an immigrant, like the Portland public schools [themselves] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation," Monga says. "So, I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone."
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me. Back in my country, I did not have anything about poetry, but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here. You know, I did research. It's just something like — I developed feelings for it. It's like I'm in a relationship with poetry.
On the teacher that introduced them to poetry
Ms. Callaghan. I mean, I was just sitting one of the days in our class, and they were like, "Do you wanna try this?" I was like, "Um, maybe, nah." But I did [some] research, and it was just like magic. It happened, and I will tell you, it is addictive. Your feelings, or passion for it, grow everyday. And honestly, I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have, I've grown for poetry.
On why they connect to "America" by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America. And me, as an immigrant, I can come across a challenge. Example: what's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I cannot compete. To me, I consider it as a challenge. But the good? They said I can compete. I had people, the entire Portland public schools, everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I'm here today. And I don't know, that poem to me is just like music to my ears.
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web.
HAMILTON—Putting on their premier's hat in NDP Leader Andrea Horwath's steeltown stronghold, Kathleen Wynne touted their own efforts meeting with U.S. lawmakers to save Ontario jobs amid protectionist sentiment south of the border. The Liberal leader, a distant third in public opinion polls with the June 7 election a week away, suggested Horwath's ties to labour — manifested by the NDP rejection of back-to-work legislation to end prolonged strikes — means they don't have the right skills to lead the province.
Premier since 2013, Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne took credit for their government's role in helping to restructure Stelco, a major local employer and “the beating heart of Hamilton,” to preserve more than 2,000 jobs while protecting pensions and benefits for retired workers in the United Steelworkers union. ( Rob Ferguson / Toronto Star )
“We have to have the ability and the flexibility of thought to be able to bring everyone together and figure out what's in the best interest of the industry, the workers, the families who are dependent on these jobs,” said Wynne at Stelco. They cited efforts by the federal Liberal government, with assistance from Ontario, in winning a Canadian exemption from new U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, an exemption set to expire on Friday, as trade negotiations continue. Wynne also mentioned their meetings with 37 U.S. governors, along with senators, members of congress and members of congress and Trump administration officials to fight trade barriers and protect jobs in both countries since Donald Trump was elected president.
Article Continued Below
Have your say
Premier since 2013, Wynne took credit for their government's role in helping to restructure Stelco, a major local employer and “the beating heart of Hamilton,” to preserve more than 2,000 jobs while protecting pensions and benefits for retired workers in the United Steelworkers union. “In order to solve the kinds of problems that we are confronting here and in other industries in the negotiations with the United States you really have to be able to listen to all arguments … all of the perspectives in order to come up with a solution,” they added, standing in front of a truck full of hot-rolled steel. “There isn't a particular political philosophy that is going to lead you to a solution,” said Wynne. “We're dealing with conditions that we haven't encountered before. We're dealing with technology, climate change, a protectionism from the United States that we could not have anticipated even five years ago.” Since Sunday's leadership debate, Wynne has been hammering at the NDP in a bid to bring back Liberal supporters who have drifted to the New Democrats as the progressive alternative to stop Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford.
“We know we're in a very tough fight,” said the Liberal leader, who is spending their time on the hustings trying to convince voters that they won't like what they see if they take a closer look at the NDP. “We are going to continue to fight right to the last moment.”
Article Continued Below
Them Liberals are in a battle to save their only Hamilton-area riding, held by former cabinet minister Ted McMeekin. The rest are held by Horwath's New Democrats. There is one new riding in the mix. There are 124 ridings in this election. It was 107 in the last parliament just ended. Wynne makes a stop in their own riding of Don Valley West on Wednesday afternoon, and has mostly been visiting ridings held by the Liberals. Meanwhile, Horwath has spent most of their time in Liberal and Conservative ridings the New Democrats hope to gain in the election.
Read more about:
NATIONAL
North Korea warned Monday that any accidental event can develop into a nuclear war on the Korean Peninsula, as Seoul and Washington plan to stage annual joint military drills late this month.
The North's warning came as Pyongyang earlier threatened to carry out four intermediate-range ballistic missile strikes near the US territory of Guam.
"Even if no one wants, if a small accidental event flares up, anybody cannot prevent a war," the Korean Central News Agency said in its commentary.
South Korea and the US plan to conduct the two-week Ulchi-Freedom Guardian exercise starting Aug. 21 amid heightened tensions between Pyongyang and Washington.
(Yonhap)
North Korea has claimed that the drill is a rehearsal for northern invasion, despite reassurances by Seoul and Washington that it is defensive in nature."Despite our warning, if the US continues to wield a nuclear bat in front of a nuclear power, it will only accelerate its own self-destruction," the KCNA said.Tensions rose amid an exchange of bellicose rhetoric between the US and North Korea after Pyongyang launched two intercontinental ballistic missiles in July. The UN Security Council slapped a fresh US-led sanctions resolution on it.North Korea's military said last week that it will finalize its plan by mid-August on attacks around Guam, home to key American air and naval bases.US President Donald Trump said that the North will meet with "fire and fury" should it continue to endanger the US. They also warned that military solutions are "locked and loaded." (Yonhap)
Hey, want to hear something crazy? LeBron James may retire after their Cleveland Cavaliers are humiliated in the NBA Finals. So says Colin Cowherd.
Need to be sold? Well, Colin will do their best to sell you on it.
After LeBron gets crushed in the Finals, @ColinCowherd doesn't think it's crazy to think they could sit out next season pic.twitter.com/VCotGDrqhk — Herd w/Colin Cowherd (@TheHerd) May 30, 2018
There is a lot going on there in those seven minutes. On its face, the idea seems fairly ludicrous. But Cowherd has sources. And sometimes those sources have loose lips. Then there's the wild ups and downs of the NBA as a whole in recent years.
Last but not least, anything is possible.
With all of that out of the way, please allow me to get the biggest available bullhorn and shout “NO FREAKING WAY” into the canyon so it echoes mightily. The only conceivable situation in which James retires is if the Cavs win the title with another monumental upset. The appeal of going out on top is tough to overvalue.
Does anyone really think that James (who is great) would miss out on an offseason of courtship? If he's proven one thing in their career it's that they want to be wanted and relishes the spotlight. How could they possibly be content in the embarrassment of another loss to Golden State to the point they throw their hands up and says, “nah, that's it for me?”
Don't know about you, but I'm going to pass on purchasing a tinfoil hat on this one.
Throughout the month of February, Amscot Financial asked customers to contribute $1 to their local education foundation to provide support for students and teachers when school budgets fall short and tax dollars won't allow.
With additional contributions from the company's founder and Tampa-based corporate office, 2018 contributions totaled $185,805. Combined with 10 years of previous one-month campaigns, the total raised reached nearly $1.3 million.
“This campaign clearly resonates with both our customers and our associates,” said Ian MacKechnie, founder and CEO of Amscot Financial. “The fact that the funds are used for unmet needs and to help individual students means a great deal to all of us.”
The Education Fund will use its share of the proceeds to support its programs for students and teachers in local public schools in Miami-Dade County.
“Amscot's ‘Just-a-Dollar' campaign is crowd-sourcing for a great cause: Helping meet the needs of vulnerable public school students in Florida,” said Mary Chance, president of the Consortium of Florida Education Foundations (CFEF).
The CFEF works with Amscot Financial to coordinate campaign fund distributions among 20 benefiting local education foundations in the company's current service territory.
Founded in 1989, Amscot Financial employs more than 2,000 associates who work at 237 retail branches and at the company's corporate headquarters in Tampa. The Education Fund develops and implements innovative programs and methods to improve education in Miami-Dade's public schools and inform the community about public education. The programs support all 400-plus public schools, 20,000-plus teachers, and 345,000-plus students. Current initiatives include Ideas with IMPACT, Teach-A-Thon & Taste of Education, Ocean Bank Center for Educational Materials, and For the Love of Art Exhibition and Charity Auction.
The Education Fund has received the Greater Miami Chamber's NOVO Award and raised more than $52 million to improve education for public school students and teachers in Miami-Dade. For more information, visit www.educationfund.org.
This article contains spoilers for issue No. 50 of Batman. Selina Kyle and Bruce Wayne, two of the most prominent citizens of Gotham City, were to be married at 6 a.m. on July 4. It was intended to be a quiet, intimate ceremony with just the judge and two witnesses atop the city's Finger Tower skyscraper. It was a moment that has been building since the couple first met in 1940. It was also not meant to be.
Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle were to marry July 4 in the latest issue of the Batman series. ( MIKEL JANIN / The New York Times ) Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle at Wayne Manor as Alfred Pennyworth prepares breakfast for the couple, who first shared a drawn page in 1940. ( MIKEL JANIN / The New York Times )
The turn of events is revealed in issue No. 50 of Batman, written by Tom King and drawn by Mikel Janin with colors by June Chung and letters by Clayton Cowles, along with almost 30 other artists who capture a moment in the nearly 80-year history of the couple. The issue, published by DC Entertainment, went on sale at 12:01 a.m. July 4 at participating comic book stores. Kyle and Wayne, or rather their famous costumed alter egos, met aboard a yacht as the Cat (as Catwoman was first known) planned a jewelry heist. The plot was thwarted by Batman, but the femme fatale may have stolen their heart. In the last panel of the story, Batman remarks to their sidekick, Robin, “Lovely girl. What eyes!” and adds, “Maybe I'll bump into them again sometime.” (This encounter was published in 1940 in the first issue of the original Batman series. Thanks to the elixir-like properties of comic book aging and reboots, Batman and Catwoman can still pass for 30-somethings.) Over the next 78 years, the two have met again and again: often as enemies, sometimes as allies, occasionally with revamped backstories, as comic books do. (In one version of their story, they aged normally, married — after Catwoman served prison time — and both died tragically. Their daughter, the Huntress, would carry on their legacy.) In June of 2017, their relationship reached a new level when the Bat, as they call him, proposed to the Cat.
Article Continued Below
On that night, on a rooftop and in the rain, the hero revealed that they owned the diamond they tried to steal at their first meeting. “I knew I'd need it,” they told them “Just like … I need you.” They then unmasked, knelt and said, “Marry me,” in the glow of the Bat signal. It was a rare glimpse of light in the dark life of Batman, whose quest for justice began when, as a child, they witnessed their parents' deaths when they were killed during a robbery. Wayne Manor is the setting for many of issue No. 50's emotional scenes, some of which are depicted in parallel as the couple ready themselves for their ceremony in separate wings of the estate. Kyle is assisted for their dawn wedding by Holly Robinson, a friend and protégée who was introduced in 1987. Robinson noted to Kyle that they had never seen Wayne so happy. “He always seemed to need their misery” to serve their crusade, they said, as the two prepare to leave for the ceremony. The observation begins to stir some doubt in Kyle, who later asks their friend, “Am I a hero?” Wayne has their own confidant, namely Alfred Pennyworth, their loyal butler for 75 years, who often wonders if their employer will survive their evening exploits. Wayne complains that their wedding suit is “too tight,” and Pennyworth is quick to jokingly scold: “Every night you wear a molded leather bat suit. You will be fine.” In another sequence, Wayne expresses their doubts to Pennyworth: “Can I be … happy?” The answers to the questions are found in letters the couple have written to each other before their wedding day. Wayne's correspondence reveals an acceptance of Kyle, who in their time has been a jewel thief, a villain, an antihero and a mob boss. “You're not someone who can be figured out. Or solved. And never will be,” they declare. They also write that they can be “more than a boy whose parents are dead,” that they can be “the man who loves you. Who will always try to love you better.”
Kyle's letter lays out the truth as they see it: “You're still a child, Bruce. A hurt child.” Their happiness, they speculate, would kill Batman, who rescues everyone and turns pain into hope. “How can I do that,” they write. “To save the world, heroes make sacrifices.” In order to keep countless innocents safe, they conclude that they cannot marry Wayne. “My sacrifice is my life. It's you.” In the final moments of their story, the bride and groom end up at different locations in the early morning hours. In a silent page, Kyle sits on a rooftop, contemplating. They discard their veil and leaps toward the street. At the Finger Tower skyscraper, after an hour of waiting for their bride, Wayne realizes they are not coming. They throw off their tie and takes a similar leap, but in the opposite direction. Theirs is a story that is forever to be continued.
UEFA Champions League 2016-17: Paris Saint-Germain 4-0 Barcelona, 5 Talking Points
After a 4-0 thrashing at the hands of PSG, Barcelona is left needing a miracle if they want to progress to the quarterfinals of the UCL.
@NishanthNS_97 by Nishanth Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 08:40 IST
A night to remember Paris Saint-Germain
The world's biggest club football competition was back this evening and Paris Saint-Germain shocked the world by trashing Luis Enrique's Barcelona by a stunning 4-0 scoreline. The La Liga champions capitulated in some fashion as they suffered their worst loss since their defeat to Bayern Munich in 2013.
Birthday boys Angel Di Maria and Edinson Cavani scored a brace and a goal respectively as PSG routed the Catalans. Marco Verratti and Adrien Rabiot along with Blaise Matuidi dominated the Barcelona midfield while MSN remained ineffective for the majority of the game.
Iniesta's first start in over a month was disappointing while PSG's defence sprung a surprise with Presnel Kimpembe. Perhaps Marc-Andre Ter Stegen was the only player to have a good night for Barcelona in what was otherwise one of their worst nights in a decade. All this and more from today's game in Paris:
#1 Luis Enrique might be on their way out this summer
Luis Enrique won a treble with Barcelona in 2015
A large section of Barcelona fans has been unhappy with Luis Enrique and their approach to the game. By splashing money on players rather than focusing on the club's academy, they have been accused of tarnishing the club's identity. And in the last couple of season, they have brandished for showing ineptitude regarding tactics.
Enrique seems to have a very superficial idea of their team's approach to the game and has never been able to decide whether they want them to dominate the midfield like Pep Guardiola did or switch to a direct style of play. By switching between the two, neither has the midfield been able to control games nor has the defence been good enough to absorb pressure from a counter attack.
Relying on the firepower of their front three to save the day, it was about time Enrique suffered a heavy defeat. Losses against Celta Vigo, Athletic Bilbao (in the Copa Del Rey) and Real Sociedad have been clear indicators of such a result being in the offing. With talks of a contract extension set to take place next month, this just be the final straw that breaks the came's back.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol's Big Brother winner Josie Gibson may be regretting losing what they once had as their one-time on-screen boyfriend reappears on Australian Love Island with a hunky new look.
John James Parton was Josie's boyfriend during the eleventh series of UK Big Brother in 2010. Their relationship fizzled out shortly after they left the house and begun living together in the real world in London.
John James was then known as a bleach-blonde surfer dude but has since transformed into a muscular, tattooed smouldering brunette.
They were 24 when they met Bristolian Josie, then 25, and was an instant hit with viewers for their boyish good looks and Melbourne Australian charm.
(Image: Twitter)
Now they are ready for a second crack at the reality TV game in their home country, which they returned to after they and self-proclaimed 'randy mare' Josie broke up, despite being branded 'JJJ' by adoring fans.
And now it seems that he's ready to take a punt on another reality TV romance.
He's joined the cast of the Australian version of Love Island - but you'd be forgiven for not recognising him.
John James has completely changed their look - ditching the blonde highlights and eyeliner, reports the Mirror.
He's now a complete hunk after pumping enough iron to get an impressive six pack and huge muscular arms.
And they were quite the romantic when they described what he's looking for in a girl: "Like a best friend you want to bang! But I'm pretty open.
"I fall for girls quite deep, quite quick. But I also get out just as quickly."
A social media app gaining popularity among teens and preteens is causing concern among parents.
Mappen is a location sharing social media app. It shares users location and allows friends to see where they are and what they are doing.
"Mappen isn't that much different from what we've seen. I think one of the big differences with it is that it is targeting kids," tech expert Luke Wood said.
The app asks to track location in the background when not using the app. Many other apps, including Find My iPhone have similar functions, but Wood says the social element of Mappen is what makes it potentially dangerous.
"They're pushing it as a social think. 'Know where your friends are and what they're doing. Know what cool things are happening. Know what's going on,' while it's more or less the wild west out there," Wood said. "Anybody can send a friend request to anybody and voila, you're sharing your location data with who knows."
In the App Store, Mappen has an age rating of 4+, but in the app's privacy policy the app states:
"Our Services are no intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from such children. Children under the age of 13 should not use our Services at any time."
Wood says like many tech companies, the company that developed Mappen makes money by selling user generated data to third party companies.
"They're basically selling your data to third party companies - and I mean everything," Wood said. "Like your name, your birthday, your location data from where its tracking, your likes, your dislikes, the places you go on the internet, your friends - it will ask you to sync with your contacts and it will mine that data as well.
Wood says Mappen is just like many other apps in that it wants to collect data so that it can sell it. However, they say they would not let their 13-year-old child have the app on their device.
Wood suggests that parents monitor what apps their children use and know what unintended side effects they may bring.
10News has reached out to Mappen's developer for comment, but no representatives from the company have responded.
© 2018 WBIR
Thursday evening harness racing returns to Mohawk Park (formerly Mohawk Racetrack) but Dustin Jones, a regular, will be absent.
The Freelton horseman is continuing their first season wintering in Florida and is in no rush to get back to Ontario.
"I won't get back until the end of April, and I can tell you I cannot see me wintering in the north ever again. There is absolutely nothing to dislike being here," the 57-year-old says.
Palema Trotting is their base of operations at Vero Beach. It is easily the best training facility in the Sunshine State, having opened in 2010.
"The track is always good, great air and plenty of paddocks. I'm sure the horses like it as much as I do."
Jones is there with a team of 17 horses, with the plan being to return to Classy Lane Training Centre near Puslinch.
This is an important campaign for Jones.  They are coming off their worst season since 1993 with less than $300,000 in purses earned.
"I was pretty discouraged and it was a difficult time to try to attract people to invest in horses for this first Florida effort. In this game, it's what have you done lately, so I did not have a great deal to spend," they say.
"I ended up with nine yearlings, and just one has been voted off the island. The others are still going the way I want and I'm very hopeful. But it's a long time between now and making some money."
Last year's one bright spot, Try Try Again, earned $126,000 but cracked a knee in September in their 11th start. That led to over four months' stall rest. Try Try Again has just resumed jogging.
With serious negotiating on the hardest issues just barely begun and national elections in Mexico and the U.S. later this year, conversations are turning to what might happen when the current schedule of talks concludes in March.
Scotiabank estimates that the lingering doubts would shave 0.2 percentage points off Canada's potential GDP, while the bank projects the country would still see modest economic growth of 2.3 per cent on the year.
WASHINGTON—Extending NAFTA negotiations into 2019 would prolong uncertainty for the Canadian economy and trim anticipated growth over the next year, says a forecast released Friday.
One scenario involves the talks slowing down, then picking up again after the American congressional elections and after a new Mexican president has taken office in December, setting the stage for a final push for a deal in 2019.
“The ongoing efforts to ‘renegotiate and modernize' NAFTA look set to extend beyond the current end-March 2018 deadline,” said the Scotiabank forecast.
“Difficult issues remain unsettled and the remainder of 2018 features a packed political calendar that could delay further talks.”
The forecast says the U.S. will not experience any significant investment chill. But it says the lack of clarity could be felt more in Canada, and in Mexico.
It echoes similar findings from the Bank of Canada.
In its recent Monetary Policy Report, the central bank detected a slight slowdown in foreign companies' building operations in Canada. It said the trend has been going on since 2016 and projected it would continue through 2019.
“(This investment) has declined since mid-2016, especially from Europe but also from the United States,” said the report.
“(It's) a possible sign of the effects of the uncertainty around trade policy. Trade-policy uncertainty is expected to reduce the level of investment by about two per cent by the end of 2019.”
The Canadian government has also cited concerns about a lingering cloud overinvestment as one reason to want an agreement soon. The cabinet member leading the negotiations made the point Friday.
“We would like to get this deal done as quickly as possible,” Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said in Mexico during a meeting with their North American counterparts.
“Uncertainty is never good for business confidence.”
That being said, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau added Friday that the country must be prepared to walk away from negotiations if it is offered a bad deal.
THE coal industry should be shut down with Australia's energy requirements to be met from renewables including solar and wind to combat climate change.
That's the recommendation of pressure group Climate Council, which says climate change is now influencing all extreme weather events with some of the most severe climate impacts the world has experienced occurring in 2016.
The latest Climate Council report ‘Cranking up the intensity: Climate Change and Extreme Weather events' says that while the links between climate change and some extreme weather events such as bushfires and heatwaves are well-established, the evidence linking climate change to storms and heavy rainfall is also growing.
The report also says extreme weather events are projected to worsen across Australia as the climate warms further, with varying impacts for each state.
The use of fossil fuels and in particular coal is a major contributor to the problem, the report says.
“It's no longer a question of if climate change is influencing an extreme weather event but to what extent,” climate scientist Professor Will Steffen from the Australian National University in Canberra said.
“All extreme weather events are now occurring in an atmosphere that is hotter and wetter than it was 60 years ago. There is more energy in the system to drive more extreme weather.”
The 100 page report finds:
- Records were broken across the world in 2016 with eight one-in-500 year storms in the US.
- In September 2016, South Australia experienced a one-in-50 year supercharged storm event.
- Extreme heat is projected to increase across the whole of Australia, with significant increases in the length, intensity and frequency of heatwaves in many regions.
- The time spent in drought is projected to increase across Australia, especially in southern Australia. Extreme drought is expected to increase in both frequency and duration.
- Southern and eastern Australia are projected to experience harsher fire weather.
- The intensity of extreme rainfall events is projected to increase across most of Australia.
“We have to redefine a one in 100 or one in 50 year fire or flood, these events are now happening more frequently. We need to make sure our infrastructure is up to the task.”
Prof Hilary Bambrick, an epidemiologist and an expert on the health impacts of climate change at the University of Technology in Brisbane, said more extreme weather events would put Australia's most vulnerable at risk.
“Extreme heat, like other extreme weather events, has clear detrimental impacts on individual and community health,” Prof Bambrick said.
“We have seen that this summer as a number of Australians have been admitted to hospital with heat related illnesses.
“While we can make our health services more resilient to coping with extreme weather events, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of a cure.
“Ultimately to protect Australians from worsening extreme weather events and to do our fair share in the global effort to tackle climate change, we have to cut our emissions quickly and deeply.
“Australia's pollution is continuing to rise while global emissions flatline. The energy, business and environment sectors are in agreement about the need for a strong federal policy mechanism to encourage an orderly closure of Australia's ageing coal-fired power stations to make way for modern, clean and efficient renewables.
“The only thing standing in the way of Australia getting on the path to tackling climate change is political will.”
The story Climate Council: Coal must go first appeared on Queensland Country Life.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH)–Do you have some baseball or softball equipment that you aren't using anymore? Jordan's Furniture is teaming up with the New Haven YMCA youth center to collect equipment for the spring.
All donations should be in decent condition. They're looking for bats, catcher's gear, gloves, cleats, and balls.
They're also collecting prom dresses in conjunction with Project Hope.
You can donate at Jordan's Furniture on Long Wharf in New Haven.
For more information, visit the Jordan's Furniture website here.
It takes one to spot one.
The OPP is taking an unconventional approach to a trucking safety blitz that launched Monday – officers are conducting patrols in truck tractors to better spot drivers who are distracted behind the wheel.
The strategy is being used for the first time during Operation Safe Trucking, which runs through Friday and aims to reduce the number collisions involving commercial vehicles on OPP-patrolled roads.
The five-day blitz tackles speeding, following too closely, seatbelt use, hours of service violations, and distracted, aggressive and impaired driving. Vehicles with mechanical, load security or other safety issues will be tackled with the help of Ministry of Transportation inspectors.
So far this year, the OPP has investigated more than 6,200 transport-truck related collisions and 87 people died in 72 of those crashes, commissioner Vince Hawkes said Monday.
“Every year, collisions that involve commercial motor vehicles are in the thousands and they result in significant loss of life,” Hawkes said. “Adding truck tractors to our list of enforcement tools will enhance our officers' observation and investigative skills during Operation Safe Trucking and future initiatives that focus on commercial motor vehicle safety.”
Distracted driving accounts for more than a quarter of crashes involving commercial vehicles, and the OPP warns motorists aren't off the hook during the blitz.
“Officers will also be addressing dangerous behaviours on the part of all drivers,” the force warned.
“The accountant informed me that the book contained 50 invoices. I instructed them to notify the finance and legal department to cancel that book immediately. In February 2016, one of our female clients visited our office in Port Saeed area to check on the transactions that they had asked us to do for them in 2013 and 2014. When we issued their account statement, they were surprised that there was no mention of some $23,000 (Dh84,479) that they had paid … they claimed that they had paid the money to the defendant in two instalments.
First I want to issue a disclaimer, for all of those who have seen the movie Pineapple Express, this article will be nothing like the movie. Instead, it is about pineapples and how we can learn to express ourselves like them. How do we do that you ask? By standing tall, wearing our crown, and sharing the sweetness we have inside each one of us.
The first pineapple was successfully cultivated in Europe in 1658. In England, a huge “pineapple stove” or special greenhouse was needed to grow the plants. Because of the expense of direct import and the enormous cost in equipment and labor required to grow them, pineapples soon became a symbol of wealth. They were initially used for display at dinner parties, rather than being eaten, and were used again and again until they began to rot.
If we apply this to ourselves, we can see the similarities. If we try to keep the greatness, the kindness, the sweetness that is in each of us to ourselves as opposed to sharing it, we also begin to rot. Robbing both ourselves and others from experiencing who we were designed and engineered to be results in the spreading of an insidious disease. Instead of sharing random acts or words of kindness, we share hate, racism, bigotry, and selfishness.
But, just like the pineapple, as soon as we allow someone to crack open our hard exterior, our passion, love, and essence freely flows forward. Instead of stewing in our own negative thoughts, we can use our sweetness, our kindness, our love to nourish the bodies and souls of others. Think about that! Just as we eat fruits, vegetables, and proteins to nourish our bodies, we can provide the same fulfillment to others with our actions. Humans are not one dimensional creatures. We were not put on this Earth to merely survive. We were put here to connect with others through giving. When we realize that we are all made of the same energy, essence, and material, our differences won't seem so great. Pineapples are grown in different places, with different fertilizers and pesticides, and look slightly different. But, regardless of their differences, they all have the same sweetness inside of them. The only question is whether they, or we, will share it.
More recently, pineapples are used in architecture as a symbol of hospitality. It is our choice each day to either extend our hospitality to others or close our doors. So be the pineapple in a world of apples. Take the risk of making yourself vulnerable to give your sweetness to someone else. And now, my pineapple friend, put on your crown and get ready to seize the day!
Charlie Miller is an entrepreneur, public speaker, and master basketball trainer. They have owned their business, ATTACK Basketball Academy for 6 years and is passionate about mentoring the youth of today. You can contact them by email at charlie@attackbball.com.
NEW YORK — The sudden, massive barrage of potentially deadly rocket and mortar fire from the Gaza Strip is a transparent attempt by Iran to utilize its Gaza proxies to advance Iran's own aims inside Syria.
Notably, the attacks from Gaza were reportedly carried out in large part by the Iran-backed Islamic Jihad terrorist organization, which could not possibly have launched a rocket campaign of that magnitude against the Jewish state without a greenlight from their controllers in Tehran. Hamas took joint responsibility for the attacks, but according to numerous sources, Gaza's Islamist rulers were not the ringleaders.
The rare barrage saw an estimated 180 projectiles fired into Israel within 24 hours, including mass produced Iranian shells that the Israel Defense Forces say were smuggled into Gaza. One of the rockets hit an Israeli kindergarten before schoolkids were due to arrive.
The Jerusalem Post reported on the extent of the attacks:
Three soldiers and several civilians were wounded by the Gazan salvos and evacuated to a hospital. One soldier was moderately wounded in their legs, while the other two sustained light injuries, the army said. Earlier in the day, a man was lightly wounded in the head by mortar-shell fragments. Another man in Sderot suffered bruises while running for shelter, and another two suffered from shock. One Israeli was lightly wounded by the morning mortar barrage and was taken to Soroka-University Medical Center in Beersheba in light condition with a shrapnel wound to their hand. At least 25 mortars from the barrages launched in the morning were intercepted by the Iron Dome missile-defense system, the IDF said. Several others struck open areas.
Israel struck back by targeting dozens of Hamas and Islamic Jihad terror installations in Gaza. An Egypt-brokered ceasefire appeared to have taken effect by Wednesday evening in Israel.
Islamic Jihad initially claimed the barrage was “revenge” for the IDF's elimination of three of its terrorists who were killed while attempting a border attack earlier this week. Putting aside the distorted logic of “revenge” for an attack that Islamic Jihad itself initiated, the Iran-backed terrorist group's excuse simply doesn't fly. The sheer volume of the projectile attacks — the largest volley since the 2014 Israel-Gaza War — was too great for a tit-for-tat “revenge” exchange. The purpose was pure escalation.
IDF Spokesman Brig.-Gen. Ronen Manelis pointed a finger at Iran while stopping short of directly blaming the mullahs. “The Palestinian Islamic Jihad organization is a terrorist organization that is based on Iranian ideology and funding, and today it used Iranian-made weapons,” they said.
Brig.-Gen. (res.) Yossi Kuperwasser, the former director-general of Israel's Strategic Affairs Ministry and former chief of the research division in Military Intelligence, went further, saying the attacks were “encouraged by the Iranians.”
There can be little doubt that the attacks were directed by Iran, which stands to gain the most from the attacks. It is in the strategic interests of Hamas to avoid a larger confrontation with the IDF. Hamas, which has reportedly been attempting for months to secure a long-term ceasefire, cannot afford another costly war with Israel. Already the terrorist organization is teetering on the brink after its border riots failed to achieve much, and there is widespread and growing anger in Gaza over the territory's all but collapsed economy. However, since Hamas is cash-strapped and needs Iranian patronage, it wouldn't dare oppose Iran's short-term designs to heat up Israel's southern border.
Iran has been humiliated and strategically devastated by Israel's repeated strikes against Iran-run military bases in Syria, and has been feeling the pressure.
Today, Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman is on their way to Moscow amid widespread reports that Israel and Russia are finalizing a deal that would see Iran-backed forces removed from the area of Israel's border with Syria. If the deal is finalized, Iran would lose its foothold along the border, positions that have been the source of one of Tehran's main threats against the Jewish state. Iran could be using the Gaza card as a pressure point to secure more from the negotiations.
Iran has been suffering on other fronts. One report claimed that Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad has restricted the Iranian military from using the regime's air force hangers for fear of further Israeli strikes. Regardless of the accuracy of that report, the Iranians are clearly desperate to secure their remaining positions in Syria following scores of major Israeli bombing raids.
The IDF released satellite photos showing the devastation its warplanes wreaked on Iranian bases during the bombing campaign earlier this month that marked the largest IDF action inside Syria since the 1973 Yom Kippur War. This after Iranian forces in Syria fired a volley of around 20 rockets aimed at IDF positions on the Golan Heights — the first time Iran was accused of directly rocketing Israel.
There have since been more airstrikes in Syria attributed to Israel targeting Iran-run bases. The volleys started after Iran brazenly dispatched an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) into Israeli territory in February before it was quickly shot down by the Israeli military. An IDF investigation revealed the Iranian drone, sent from the Iran-run T-4 airbase in Syria, was carrying explosives and seemingly deployed to attack an Israeli target.
Iran doesn't want more Israeli bombardments in Syria, so it must be careful not to provoke another fierce response. Instead, Iran seems to be acting to divert Israel's attention to the Gaza Strip. It is likely heating up the southern border, perhaps even briefly, as both retaliation and a signal to Israel that Iranian proxies can be turned on at will. For now.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter.  They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow them on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow them on Facebook.
BIRMINGHAM, ENGLAND – MAY 15: Sam Johnstone of Aston Villa during the Sky Bet Championship Play Off Semi Final:Second Leg match between Aston Villa and Middlesbrough at Villa Park on May 15, 2018 in Birmingham, England. (Photo by James Williamson – AMA/Getty Images)
Darren Moore has completed their first signing as West Brom head coach with goalkeeper Sam Johnstone joining from Manchester United. It's thought a £6.5 million fee has been agreed with their arrival likely to trigger the shock departure of Ben Foster, Albion's undisputed number one for the past eight seasons.
Sam Johnstone arrives at West Brom from Premier League side Manchester United but spent last season on loan at Aston Villa. Johnstone helped Villa to a fairly successful Championship campaign where they reached the play-off final before losing to Fulham.
Johnstone established themselves as Villa's first choice keeper last season, making 45 league appearances. During their time on loan at the Midlands club, they kept more clean sheets in the Championship than any other goalkeeper.
Villa were keen on keeping the 25-year-old themselves. However, failure to reach the Premier League after their all or nothing attempt has left them unable to raise the funds, allowing Midlands rival and recently relegated West Bromwich Albion free to swoop.
Ben Foster Poised For Exit
West Brom goalkeeper Ben Foster now looks set to make an immediate return to the top flight. The 35-year-old is expected to seal a £3 million move to Watford, where they spent two seasons on loan earlier in their career, now that the Johnstone deal is completed.
Foster and team-mate Craig Dawson refused to attend West Brom's training camp at the Amendoeira Resort in Portugal last week. They claimed the board had stopped them from sealing moves to Premier League clubs by demanding exorbitant transfer fees.
West Brom are amongst the favourites with bookmakers to take the top spot in The Championship this season. Signing one of the best goalkeepers in the league last season is a sign of their intent to live up to their billing.
Main Photo
Embed from Getty Images
Related
View the original article on
One of two men convicted of murder in the January shooting deaths of two men outside a mid-Michigan Walmart store has been sentenced to life in prison without parole.
>>Slideshow; Mid-Michigan mug shots<<
Otis Smith Jr. of Grand Rapids earlier was convicted in Shiawassee County Circuit Court in the deaths of 31-year-old Joseph Michael Carson and 39-year-old Anthony Lee Hammond, both of Flint. Their bodies were found in a car at the store's parking lot in Caledonia Township.
>>Read more: Getaway driver involved in shooting sent to prison<<
Smith learned their punishment last week. Co-defendant Anthony Holloway is awaiting sentencing Friday.
Authorities say Smith was the triggerman and the slayings stemmed from a deal to sell marijuana that was arranged online via Craigslist.
Defense lawyers argued that the shootings were in self-defense. A woman who served as a getaway driver already was sentenced.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
HOUSTON - The Red Sox dropped the first game of the American League Division Series and send lefty Drew Pomeranz to the mound for Game 2.
Chris Sale was roughed up for seven runs over five innings of work in an 8-2 loss to Houston on Thursday.
Making matters worse, Eduardo Nunez re-injured their knee in the first inning and is headed back to Boston for an MRI.
With lefty Dallas Keuhcel on the mound for the Astros, Mitch Moreland is on the bench with Hanley Ramirez at first base and Chris Young, who replaced Nunez on the roster, at designated hitter.
In a surprising move, Rafael Devers is also on the bench with Deven Marrero starting at third. Marrero hit .291 with a .944 OPS against lefties this season. Devers, however, hit .400 with a 1.074 OPS against lefties this year.
Pomeranz was on the mound last Saturday when the Red Sox needed a win to clinch the division. They'll need another big performance from them today, or head back to Boston down 0-2 in the series.
RED SOX
Xander Bogaerts SS
Dustin Pedroia 2B
Andrew Benintendi LF
Mookie Betts RF
Hanley Ramirez 1B
Chris Young DH
Christian Vazquez C
Deven Marrero 3B
Jackie Bradley Jr. CF
Drew Pomeranz LHP
--
Follow MassLive.com Red Sox beat reporter @jcmccaffrey on Twitter. They can be reached by email at jmccaffr@masslive.com.
A man who was wanted on a European Arrest Warrant has been captured by police in West Yorkshire.
Atilla Foeldesi, 45, was being hunted by the authorities in connection with crimes committed in Hungary.
They had been sentenced to more than five years in prison for various offences, including human trafficking and theft.
West Yorkshire Police issued an appeal for information on their whereabouts at the start of the month.
The force said Foeldesi, who was also known to use the name Foldesi, had been living in the Beeston area of Leeds.
A police spokesperson today said that Foeldesi had been arrested on Saturday evening in the West Yorkshire area.
They added: "The public and media are thanked for sharing the appeal."
[caption id="attachment_10960903" align="alignnone" width="300"] Makeup Academy's Contouring Palette.[/caption]
CVS doesn't want its shoppers to wait for trends they see on YouTube or Instagram. To deliver the most up-to-date beauty products at warp speed, the chain is accelerating innovation in its exclusive Makeup Academy line.
Arguments are a natural part of partnering up with someone. After all, it's pretty impossible to integrate someone seamlessly into your life. But if your partner picks fights with you, it can be a window into a part of their personality you might not have thought much about.
And while only you can figure out whether the fighting is toxic or not, there are some bigger indicators as to how things might go down between the two of you — like astrology. “Whether you're the type that likes to fight or to keep the peace, gaining insight to a zodiac sign's motivation may just be the key to happiness in your relationship,” astrologer Cindy Mckean tells Bustle.
Even if your partner is sign with difficult characteristics, it's important to know that they can work on themselves, and the two of you can work on your relationship, just like anybody else. “Each zodiac sign has general positive and negative traits, but there are evolutions of self within each sign's growth trajectory, and communication styles will become more peaceful as the sign evolves and does their self-work," Jaye from GiftedAstrology.com tells Bustle. Astrology is there to help give you a little bit of insight as to why, perhaps, your partner won't forgive you for watching that show on Netflix without them. But it's up to the two of you to work it out.
Here are the four zodiac signs most likely to pick fights with their partners, according to astrologers.
1 Aries (March 21 - April 19) Tina Gong/Bustle Aries is not only the first fire sign, it's the first sign in the zodiac overall. “[Because of that], Aries prefers to be first in everything and their communication style can come off as aggressive (even when they're not trying to be),” Jaye says. But what makes Aries so temperamental is also what makes them incredibly lovable and exciting to date. “Aries are passionate people that are full of enthusiasm, energy, and vigor,” McKean says. You just have to know that if you're sticking around with an Aries as your partner, you'll have to be ready for a bit of a spark every now and again. “Sometimes it's best to put your pride aside and let Aries cool off. The same way it's easy to get them riled up, they're also quick to forget. Let them be; they'll get over it,” astrologer Valerie Mesa tells Bustle.
2 Gemini (May 21 - June 20) Tina Gong/Bustle Being in a relationship with a Gemini can, well, be a bit like a seesaw. “Back and forth, up and down, in and out, you may not know if your Gemini partner is coming or going,” McKean says. "In truth, they really aren't aware that they may have disrupted anyone's sense of consistency.” Your Gemini partner isn't trying to upset you though, their brain might just work a bit differently than yours. “Change the subject,” Mesa suggests. “Geminis are so inquisitive, they thrive off mental stimulation. Luckily for you, they're not emotional; therefore, it won't be difficult to switch up the conversation [or] vibe.” So, in particularly difficult moments, you may have to be the voice of reason. But they should come back down to earth in no time.
3 Leo (July 23 - August 22) Tina Gong/Bustle Leos love to shine. But that's not always going to go well in a relationship. “Leo is the second fire sign in the zodiac wheel and they are quick to heat up, especially when they don't get what they want,” Jaye says. And if they feel like you've stolen their thunder, they might have some difficulty forgetting it. If your Leo partner keeps thinking you're personally attacking them (even when you aren't), just remember that communication skills are your friend. Luckily for you, any mature partner can be talked down with love and patience.
City Reporter
Commissioner Overseas Pakistanis Commission (OPC) Punjab Afzaal Bhatti and President PML-N UAE Noorul Hassan Tanveer on Friday visited the grave of Shaheed DIG Syed Ahmad Mubeen and offered Fatiha for the departed soul.
Chairperson District Overseas Pakistanis Committee (DOPC) Bahawal Nagar, MPA, Ihsanul Haq Bajwa and chairperson DOPC Vehari Shahzad Dogar were also present.
It is worth mentioning that Shaheed DIG Syed Ahmad Mubeen had served as Additional Director General (Police Matters) in the OPC and played an important role to strengthen the OPC as a vibrant platform to facilitate the Overseas Pakistanis.
An entry of 170 cull cows at Markethill on Tuesday 3rd July sold in a steady demand.
Beef cows sold from £140 to £171 per 100 kilos for 630k at £1,085.
Fleshed Friesian cows from £110 to £127 for 620k at £790.
Second quality Friesian from £90 to £105 per 100 kilos and the poorest types from £65 to £80 per £100 kilos.
Clean cattle sold to £208 for 670k at £1,395 followed by £197 for 710k at £1,405.
Cull cows
Dungannon farmer 636k, £1,085, £171.00; Gilford farmer 644k, £1,045, £162.00; Belleeks farmer 694k, £1,105, £159.00; Katesbridge farmer 658k, £1,035, £157.00; Dromore farmer 678k, £1,045, £154.00; Belleeks farmer 906k, £1,395, £154.00; Portadown farmer 694k, £1,055, £152.00 and Cullyhanna farmer 652k, £925, £142.00.
Friesian cull cows
Glenanne farmer 618k, £785, £127.00; Caledon farmer 658k, £835, £127.00; Caledon farmer 784k, £975, £124.00; Kilkeel farmer 614k, £755, £123.00; Dromore farmer 712k, £865, £122.00; Kilkeel farmer 698k, £845, £121.00; Dromara farmer 734k, £885, £121.00; Derrynoose farmer 734k, £885, £121.00 and Newry farmer 708k, £845, £119.00.
Clean cattle
Magheralin farmer 672k, £1,395, £208.00; Magheralin farmer 714k, £1,405, £197.00 and Magheralin farmer 714k, £1,395, £195.00.
CALVES
150 calves.
Good quality bulls from £270 to £420k for a five week old Limousin.
Heifers from £190 to £280 for six week old Aberdeen Angus.
Bull calves
Limousin £420; Limousin £415; Charolais £400; Limousin £350; Limousin £345; Belgian Blue £310; Aberdeen Angus £310; Hereford £300 and Aberdeen Angus £290.
Heifer calves
Aberdeen Angus £280; Limousin £250; Shorthorn beef £230; Aberdeen Angus £230; Belgian Blue £225 and Aberdeen Angus £205.
An entry of 110 dairy cows and heifers sold to £2,140 and £2,000 with a further 21 cows selling from £1,400 to £1,980 each.
Activated Carbon Market:
Industry Overview:
Global Activated Carbon Market is expected to reach more than USD 5.2 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of more than 12%.
Global Activated Carbon Market is mainly driven by the growing application segment such as Industrial, Medical, water treatment, food & beverage, automotive and others. The rapidly increasing urbanization and industrialization is one of the major growing factor. As per analysis, more than 50% of the market has been captured by powdered activated carbon which has become the key revenue generator in the global market. Geographically, APAC is expected to be the leading market followed by North America and Europe.
Global Activated Carbon Market Research is an intelligence report with meticulous efforts undertaken to study the right and valuable information. The data which has been looked upon is done considering both, the existing top players and the upcoming competitors. Business strategies of the key players and the new entering market industries are studied in detail. Well explained SWOT analysis, revenue share and contact information are shared in this report analysis.
Visit for Sample Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1744
Industry Applications:
Data integration and capabilities are analyzed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of activated carbon market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of activated carbon market during the forecast period of 2018 to 2022 is well explained.
The ongoing market trends of activated carbon market and the key factors impacting the growth prospects are elucidated. With increase in the trend, the factors affecting the trend are mentioned with perfect reasons. Top manufactures, price, revenue, market share are explained to give a depth of idea on the competitive side.
Read Report Overview@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/activated-carbon-market-1744
Industry Key Players:
Jacobi Carbons,
ADA-ES,
Siemens Water Technologies,
Haycarb,
Kureha Corporation,
Calgon Carbon Corporation,
Carbon Resources LLC,
Albemarle Corporation,
CECA SA,
Clarimex Group.
Make an inquiry for buying this report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/activated-carbon-market-1744
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Today's Forecast
More late showers on Thursday, then it turns hot and sticky for a few days.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A resilient China, rising commodity prices and sturdy financial markets are offering a sunnier outlook for the global economy and helping dispel the gloom that has lingered since the Great Recession ended.
That's the picture sketched by the International Monetary Fund, which predicts that the world economy will grow 3.5 percent this year, up from 3.1 percent in 2016. The IMF's latest outlook for 2017 is a slight upgrade from the 3.4 percent global growth it had forecast in January.
The IMF expects the U.S. economy to grow 2.3 percent, up from 1.6 percent in 2016; the 19-country eurozone to expand 1.7 percent, the same as last year; Japan to grow 1.2 percent, up from 1 percent; and China to expand 6.6 percent, down from 6.7 percent in 2016.
PITTSBURGH — Evgeni Malkin had two goals and two assists, Phil Kessel added two goals and an assist, and the surging Pittsburgh Penguins rolled past the Washington Capitals 7-4 on Friday night.
Bryan Rust, Carl Hagelin and Patric Hornqvist also scored for the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, who won their fourth straight to pull within four points of first-place Washington in the crowded Metropolitan Division.
Sidney Crosby had two assists to push their scoring streak to 11 games, the longest active streak in the NHL. Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for Pittsburgh, which won its seventh consecutive home game by jumping on the Capitals early then pulling away late.
Alex Ovechkin scored twice to push their season total to an NHL-best 32 and Dmitry Orlov and Evgeny Kuznetzov also scored for the Capitals. Braden Holtby finished with 27 saves but gave up three goals in the opening 8 minutes of the third period before being pulled in favour of Phillpp Grubauer as Pittsburgh broke open a tight game.
What We Know So Far In NYC Subway Blast
Authorities are investigating what led a suspect to take an explosive device into an underground passageway Monday. NPR's Steve Inskeep talks to Kate Hinds, a reporter with member station WNYC.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
New York state Governor Andrew Cuomo stood outside a New York City bus terminal and said today's rush-hour attack could've been worse.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ANDREW CUOMO: When you hear about a bomb in the subway station, which is, in many ways, one of our worst nightmares - the reality turns out better than the initial expectation and fear.
INSKEEP: What happened was a man detonated a device underground in a crowded passage. But the most seriously injured person was himself. Joining us now is Kate Hinds. She's a reporter with member station WNYC in Manhattan. Good morning.
KATE HINDS, BYLINE: Good morning.
INSKEEP: What was it like being in Manhattan this morning?
HINDS: It was a little surreal, especially when I got closer to Midtown. I wound up needing to use our city's bike-share program to get to the scene because the subway system was skipping 42nd Street, which is the largest subway station in the country.
INSKEEP: Yeah.
HINDS: So that was kind of surreal. As you - as I biked down 9th Avenue, you can hear the sirens. The helicopters are overhead - lights, you know, ambulances, police cars, all of the heavy, armored vehicles that the NYPD brings out for this. But New Yorkers mostly seemed relatively calm. You know, there's a lot of milling about and people taking pictures. But there was no panic by the time I got there.
INSKEEP: So police have a suspect. They give the name as Akayed Ullah. They say he's 27 years old, that they go into this walkway of some kind and detonates a homemade, I guess, suicide vest with what looked like a low-tech pipe bomb held to the vest by Velcro and zip ties. What is that passageway like where that happened?
HINDS: Yeah. It's underground. It connects subway lines on 8th Avenue to subway lines on 7th Avenue. It's very heavily used. People that commute into the city at the - from the Port Authority Bus Terminal walk underneath there. And there is surveillance video sort of making the rounds on the Internet that shows what appears to be a, you know, camera pointing on this car door, which is kind of narrow and dense. And all of a sudden, there's this puff of smoke, and people move off to the side. And when the smoke clears, there's a man lying on the ground.
INSKEEP: And I guess we should mention, I think, it's not confirmed that that video is the correct video. But we've had a description by authorities that there is some kind of security video that looks something like that, right?
HINDS: Right. And they say they will be reviewing as many video options as possible.
INSKEEP: And, of course, this is a city that's had more and more security measures put in place since 9/11. How are people responding to this news of this attack?
HINDS: You know, in general, the people that I've spoken to seem to be shrugging their shoulders and saying, meh. The city, of course, has had a number of incidences that just this year alone - the attack on the bike path on Halloween and then an attack in Times Square aboveground where a driver drove up on the sidewalk and killed someone. But it's really jarring to have anything involving the subway system involved because it's the lifeblood of the city. Six million people a day ride it. So that seems to have a little bit of a different flavor.
INSKEEP: Like an attack on your circulatory system.
HINDS: Exactly.
INSKEEP: Kate Hinds, thanks so much.
HINDS: Thank you.
INSKEEP: They report for WNYC. And they have been reporting on today's attack that left a man in a suicide vest severely injured and three other people in that pedestrian tunnel with somewhat lighter injuries.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
A couple from Fishers, Indiana went to the Hoosier Lottery headquarters last week, intending to cash what they thought was a $1,000 Powerball prize.
Scroll for more content...
But the prize wasn't worth $1,000. It was worth $1 million.
Cindy Ooley and their husband, Steve, bought a Powerball ticket from the Meijer at 1425 W. Carmel Drive. Them ticket matched all five numbers, just not the Powerball number.
Cindy said they have been playing Powerball twice a week for years. They and Steve said they weren't sure what they were going to do with the $1 million prize.
"We're not going to have to watch things quite as closely," Cindy said.
Ian Stevenson, Chief Executive (pictured) and Gerard McGivern, Chairman, of the Livestock and Meat Commission for Northern Ireland (LMC) will travel to Dallas, Texas this week to attend the World Meat Congress.
This major global event brings together approximately 1,000 meat and livestock professionals from across the globe and is hosted every two years by the International Meat Secretariat (IMS).
Over the course of the congress, which is running from May 30 until June 1, those in attendance will hear from a number of keynote speakers including Lawrence MacAulay, Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food, Canada, Sonny Perdue, US Secretary of Agriculture plus an array of international experts and industry leaders.
The congress will explore a number of important global themes including the global trading system, factors affecting the red meat trade, societal norms and implications for the industry and key industry issues, along with a scientific look at cutting-edge technologies which are transforming meat production worldwide.
“As members of the IMS, we are looking forward to attending the congress, exchanging knowledge and ideas with meat industry professionals from around the world and building relationships with like-minded organisations who are passionate about a successful and sustainable future for the meat industry,” Ian said.
“The World Meat Congress is an excellent opportunity to evaluate how our industry is operating at present, to consider what potential challenges the meat industry may face in the future and to put forward ideas on how we might deal with these issues on a global scale.
“With so much change already occurring and set to occur in our industry, it's vitally important to be able to hear from the experts and to learn from them so that we'll be better equipped to help support our red meat industry going forward.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
This is a 2018 photo of Joe McCarthy of the Tampa Bay Rays baseball team. This image reflects the spring training active roster as of Sunday, Feb. 18, 2018 when this image was taken. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)
Joe McCarthy isn't coming home after all.
The Tampa Bay Rays prospect and Scranton native will soon be placed on the disabled list with a back injury and will miss next week's homecoming series against the RailRiders.
McCarthy has not played since May 23 for the Durham Bulls, who come to PNC Field on Tuesday for a three-game series. It's the Bulls' only trip to Moosic in the regular season.
Through 35 games, the 24-year-old was batting .265 with eight doubles, five home runs and 18 RBIs in their first taste of Triple-A. Their .863 OPS is top-10 in the International League.
McCarthy will head to the Rays' main complex in Port Charlotte, Florida, to meet with doctors to determine a treatment plan. They also missed time at the University of Virginia after back surgery, but this is a different injury.
Contact the writer:
cfoley@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@RailRidersTT on Twitter
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are investigating manslaughter and other crimes over the Grenfell Tower fire that killed 71 people and left hundreds homeless.
The Metropolitan Police are investigating a number of offences related to the blaze, the public inquiry into the disaster has been told.
These include misconduct in public office, breaches of fire safety regulations, manslaughter and corporate manslaughter.
It comes as the inquiry's lead counsel has said hearing the voices of all of the fire's survivors and bereaved families is of "great importance" to the work of the investigation.
The judge-led probe into the tragedy is holding two days of procedural hearings, focusing on case management matters such as timeframes, witnesses and the disclosure of evidence.
(Image: Getty)
Richard Millett, counsel to the inquiry, said they hoped those who escaped the blaze or lost loved ones would find "some measure of closure" by providing evidence to the investigation.
They told a hearing at Holborn Bars in central London, attended by former residents and dozens of legal representatives, it was crucial to ensure "something like this never happens again".
Core participant status has now been granted to 424 individuals and groups, allowing them access to evidence and the right to suggest lines of questioning, it was heard.
Sir Martin Moore-Bick, the retired Court of Appeal judge leading the process, hopes to deliver an interim report into the fire's causes and the emergency response by next autumn.
Mr Millett told the hearing: "As to the Grenfell Tower survivors, residents and bereaved, it is of great importance to the inquiry that each individual voice of those most affected by the fire is heard.
"This is a shared trauma, a community devastated, but each of them has their own story to tell.
"Their evidence will be crucial to the inquiry's understanding of what happened inside and around Grenfell Tower before the fire, during the fire and after the fire - their evidence can and will help us save the lives of others."
A total of 270,000 documents is expected to be submitted to the inquiry to assist its work, it was heard.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's their hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon themselves to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing their own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actor Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share their very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian themselves has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing their response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping they hold onto this edgy new style for a while.
Pure Garcinia Cambogia :- Longer aerobics for weight loss gives you better result. Training 2-3 times a week exhausts your body, you'd better share load into daily workout. Regular aerobics for weight loss is what you need! Step-aerobics is the best way to get slim legs. A step-master (simulator) and a step platform have totally different functions in aerobics for weight loss. Workout with a step-platform won't give you an obvious result for your hips and legs, as dancing moves don't give your body necessary load for it. A step-master is more efficient here. It's oriented at muscles work repetition. .
For more information please visit >>>> http://www.optimumabs.com/pure-garcinia-cambogia/
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Carena Colo scored
13 points to lead No. 6 North Pocono to a 53-51 win over Riverside in a nonleague girls basketball game Monday.
Sarah Kaneski and Jenna Montana each had 12 points for the Lady Trojans.
Kayla Rose had 20 points and seven rebounds for Riverside and Emily Taylor scored 13 points.
North Pocono (1-1) — C. Colo 5 2-5 13, S. Kaneski 3 6-11 12, J. Montana 4 0-0 12, I. Pehanick 3 0-0 6, L. Gaughan 1 3-7 5, B. Ruby 0 3-6 3, E. Pipcho 1 0-0 2, S. Kamla 0 0-0 0, S. Polk 0 0-0 0, J. Moore 0 0-0 0, Goldenzeil 0 0-0 0. Totals: 17 14-29 53.
Riverside (0-1) — K. Rose 7 6-8 20, E. Taylor 4 5-6 13, J. Antoniacci 1 10-10 12, A. Karpinski 1 1-2 3, M. Laboy 0 2-2 2, H. Tilberry 0 1-2 1, N. Sottile 0 0-2 0, B. Olanovich 0 0-0 0, B. McKeefrey 0 0-0 0. Totals: 13 25-32 51.
North Pocono 13 12 12 16 — 53
Riverside 11 10 13 17 — 51
3-point goals: J. Montana (NP) 4, C. Colo (NP). JV: North Pocono, 44-21 (NP: Goldenzeil 9; RIV: McKeefrey 6).
Valley View 30
Mid Valley 27
At Valley View, Abby Pidgeon scored eight of their game-high 14 points in the first quarter to lead the Cougars.
Mia Rudalavage added 10 points for the winners.
Lauren Owens scored nine points for No. 8 Mid Valley.
Mid Valley (0-1) — L. Owens 4 1-4 9, E. Morano 3 0-1 6, M. Haefele 1 2-2 5, B. Laboranti 1 0-2 3, M. Bialy 1 0-0 2, K. Williams 1 0-0 2, L. DeSanto 0 0-0 0. Totals: 11 3-9 27.
Valley View (2-0) — A. Pidgeon 5 4-4 14, M. Rudalavage 4 1-4 10, M. McHale 1 0-0 2, S. Bianchi 0 2-2 2, J. Nguyen 1 0-1 2, B. Charles 0 0-0 0, T. Duffy 0 0-0 0, J. Maddage 0 0-0 0, M. Zabielski 0 0-0 0. Totals: 11 7-11 30.
Mid Valley 3 7 8 9 — 27
Valley View 11 6 4 9 — 30
3-point goals: M. Haefele (MV), B. Laboranti (MV), M. Rudalavage (VV).
Scranton Prep 48
Tunkhannock 47
At the Xavier Center, Cecilia Collins hit two free throws with 17 seconds left in overtime to give No. 5 Scranton Prep a win.
Holly Daveski had 14 points for the Classics and Collins scored 12.
Abby Ritz scored 15 points for Tunkhannock.
Tunkhannock (1-1) — A. Ritz 4 7-10 15, R. Avery 6 0-2 13, J. Ell 4 0-0 11, S. Generotti 2 1-4 5, K. Barber 1 1-2 3, A. Verbeek 0 0-0 0, K. Shirtz 0 0-0 0, Totals 17 9-18 47.
Scranton Prep (1-0) — H. Daveski 5 4-5 14, C. Collins 3 5-6 12, R. Rose 3 3-6 10, E. Penetar 1 3-4 5, C. Szymanski 2 0-0 5, A. Weston 1 0-0 2, B. Wilder 0 0-0 0, O. Lange 0 0-0 0, M. Mills 0 0-0 0. Totals: 15 15-21 48.
Tunkhannock 13 10 10 9 5 — 47
Scranton Prep 10 12 12 8 6 — 48
3-point goals: J. Ell (TUN) 3, R. Avery (TUN), R. Rose (SP), C. Collins (SP), C. Szymanski (SP). JV: Scranton Prep, 53-6 (SP: Mills 15; TUN: Shrivastava 4).
Old Forge 65, GAR 28
At Old Forge, Lindsey Welsh scored 18 of their game-high 30 points in the first quarter as Old Forge rolled to a win.
Khira Cook scored 17 points for GAR.
GAR (0-2) — K. Cook 6 0-0 17, A. Germano 0 6-8 6, J. Redditt 2 1-1 5, S. Harris 0 0-0 0, H. Cook 0 0-0 0, E. Engle 0 0-0 0, L. Pena 0 0-0 0. Totals: 8 7-9 28.
Old Forge (1-0) — L. Welsh 11 5-5 30, A. Osieski 3 1-2 8, A. Nocera 3 0-0 6, A. Yudiski 2 0-0 5, O. Ciullo 2 0-0 4, C. Holzman 1 1-3 3, A. Bound 1 1-1 3, J. Regan 1 0-0 2, K. VanFleet 1 0-0 2, A. Rios 1 0-0 2, A. Fumanti 0 0-0 0, S. Sosa 0 0-0 0, M. Parker 0 0-0 0, A. Née 0 0-0 0, G. Kulkla 0 0-0 0. Totals: 26 8-11 65.
GAR 5 3 12 8 — 28
Old Forge 30 21 12 2 — 65
3-point goals: K. Cook (GAR) 5, L. Welsh (OF) 3, A. Yudiski (OF), A. Osieski (OF). JV: Old Forge, 56-27 (OF: Ciullo 12; GAR: Germano 9).
Susquehanna 56
Lackawanna Trail 42
At Lackawanna Trail, Taylor Huyck and Mackenzie Steele each scored 18 points to lead No. 10 Susquehanna.
Lexie Kwiatkowski scored 10 points for Lackawanna Trail.
Susquehanna (1-1) — T. Huyck 6 5-6 18, M. Steele 9 0-0 18, B. Maby 2 1-3 6, E. Lawrenson 2 0-0 4, K. Trynoski 2 0-1 4, S. Wilson 1 2-2 4, T. Millard 1 0-0 2, G. Miller 0 0-0 0, M. Heath 0 0-0 0, M. Rhone 0 0-2 0. Totals: 23 8-14 56.
Lackawanna Trail (0-1) — L. Kwiatkowski 2 4-4 10, C. Fauquier 3 2-2 9, R. Beemer 2 5-5 9, A. Decker 2 2-4 7, L. Penn 2 1-2 5, S. Baltrusaitis 0 2-2 2. Totals: 11 16-19 42.
Susquehanna 9 15 17 15 — 56
Lackawanna Trail 14 9 12 7 — 42
3-point goals: B. Maby (SUS), T. Huyck (SUS), L. Kwiatkowski (LT) 2, A. Decker (LT), C. Fauquier (LT). JV: Susquehanna, 24-20 (SUS: Iveson; LT: Stuenzi 6).
Meyers 38, Montrose 31
At Meyers, Erin Morris scored 10 points to lead the Mohawks.
Harper Andre had
13 points for Montrose and McKenzie Newhart had 12.
Montrose (0-2) — H. Andre 5 0-1 13, M. Newhart 6 0-0 12, R. Vaiciulyte 1 1-2 3, B. Spence 1 0-0 3, R. Sorenson 0 0-0 0, J. Smith 0 0-0 0, G. Aukema 0 0-0 0, L. Andre 0 0-1 0, B. Warner 0 0-0 0. Totals: 13 1-4 31.
Meyers (2-0) — E. Morris 4 1-2 10, B. Skaff 4 0-6 8, A. Harris 4 0-0 8, A. Bruno 2 0-0 6, D. Ballard 1 0-0 2, S. Bottger 0 2-2 2, A. Gray 0 2-2 2, S. Soto 0 0-0 0. Totals: 15 5-12 38.
Montrose 6 5 9 11 — 31
Meyers 9 10 8 11 — 38
3-point goals: H. Andre (MON) 3, B. Spence (MON), A. Bruno (MEY) 2, E. Morris (MEY).
Bainbridge-Guilford 84
Blue Ridge 23
At Bainbridge, New York, Danielle Goff scored nine points for Blue Ridge in a loss to Bainbridge-Guilford.
Blue Ridge (0-3) — D. Goff 4 1-1 9, A. Hartman 3 0-0 6, A. Torres 2 0-0 4, E. Mangel 1 0-0 2, G. MacConnell 1 0-1 2, M. Brulla 0 0-0 0, A. Bonner 0 0-0 0, S. Glover 0 0-0 0. Totals: 11 1-2 23.
Bainbridge-Guilford — N. Palmiter 9 4-5 22, A. Selfridge 5 6-10 16, E. Selfridge 5 0-0 14, Cannistra 5 0-0 12, M. Lelzear 3 0-0 6, Z. Caldwell 2 1-2 5, M. Harmon 1 3-4 5, K. Phorton 2 0-0 4. Totals: 32 14-21 84.
Blue Ridge 0 6 8 9 — 23
Bainbridge-Guilford 18 17 23 30 — 84
3-point goals: E. Selfridge (BG) 4, Cannistra (BG) 2. JV: Bainbridge-Guilford, 52-10 (BG: Decker 13; BR: Phelps 4).
Boys swimming
James Stanco and Joey Cholish each had two individual wins and were part of two winning relays to lead Scranton Prep to an 81-40 win over Valley View in a Lackawanna League meet.
Conor McCall and Ben Worrell each had two individual wins and a relay victory for the
Cavaliers.
200 Medley Relays: Scranton Prep (McCall, Cholish, Stanco, Worrell) 1:46.37, Valley View. 200 Free: Ben Worrell (SP) 2:10.28, Morgan (VV), Redington (SP). 200 IM: James Stanco (SP) 2:06.18, Au. Langel (VV). 50 Free: Joey Cholish (SP) 26.2, Rutsky (VV), Corby (SP). Diving: No contest. 100 Fly: James Stanco (SP) 55.07, Fetcho (VV). 100 Free: Conor McCall (SP) 51.96, Al. Langel (VV), Oven (SP). 500 Free: Ben Worrell (SP) 6:21.28, Redington (SP). 200 Free Relay: Scranton Prep (Redington, Corby, Cholish, Stanco) 1:55.88. 100 Back: Conor McCall (SP) 58.38, Fetcho (VV). 100 Breasts: Joey Cholish (SP) 1:08.76, Al. Langel (VV). 400 Free Relay: Valley View (Morgan, Rutsky, Fetcho, Au. Langel) 4:17.38, Scranton Prep.
Records: SP 1-0, VV 0-1.
Girls swimming
Haley Thier and Alison Prushinski each had two individual wins and were part of two relay wins to lead Scranton Prep to a 132-33 win over Valley View in a Lackawanna League meet.
Corrine McCall had two individual wins and a relay win for the Classics.
200 Medley Relays: Scranton Prep (Thier, Prushinski, Bowen, McGrath) 1:58.32, Scranton Prep, Valley View. 200 Free: Corinne McCall (SP) 2:03.99, Newtown (SP), Lanzendorfer (SP). 200 IM: Peyton McNulty (SP) 2:16.53, Wrobleski (SP), Mulherin (VV). 50 Free: Haley Thier (SP) 24.20, Bowen (SP), McDavitt (VV). Diving: No contest. 100 Fly: Peyton McNulty (SP) 1:03.15, Newtown (SP), Lanzendorfer (SP). 100 Free: Alison Prushinski (SP) 55:53, Bowen (SP), Klaproth (SP). 500 Free: Corinne McCall (SP) 5:28.63, Jones (VV), Nicholas (SP). 200 Free Relay: Scranton Prep (Thier, Bowen, Newtown, Hazzouri) 1:51.37, Valley View, Scranton Prep. 100 Back: Haley Thier (SP) 1:02.65, Wrobleski (SP), Klaproth (SP). 100 Breasts: Alison Prushinski (SP) 1:13.26. 400 Free Relay: Scranton Prep (Newtown, McCall, Lanzendorfer, Prushinski) 4:38.45, Scranton Prep, Scranton Prep.
Records: SP 1-0, VV 0-1.
Elk Lake 83, Dunmore 61
At Elk Lake, Lydia Ofalt had two individual wins and was part of two winning relays to lead the Lady Warriors.
Maddie Healy and Colleen Brown each had two wins for Dunmore.
200 Medley Relays: Elk Lake (Bosscher, Ofalt, Hunsinger, Bennici) 2:22.14, Dunmore. 200 Free: Maddie Healy (DUN) 2:13.37, Lyden (EL), Engle (DUN). 200 IM: Colleen Brown (DUN) 2:29.05, Hunsinger (EL). 50 Free: Lydia Ofalt (EL) 27.77, Smith (EL), Lucas (DUN). Diving: No contest. 100 Fly: Colleen Brown (DUN) 1:08.45, Bosscher (EL). 100 Free: Elizabeth Lyden (EL) 1:07.9, Smith (EL), Wickizer (DUN). 500 Free: Maddie Healy (DUN) 5:55.45, Bosscher (EL), Dovin (EL). 200 Free Relay: Elk Lake (Lyden, Bennici, Smith, Dovin) 2:13.6, Dunmore, Dunmore. 100 Back: Samantha Hunsinger (EL) 1:28.44, Bennici (EL), Wolfe (DUN). 100 Breasts: Lydia Ofalt (EL) 1:16.29, M. Chiaro (DUN), A. Chiaro (DUN). 400 Free Relay: Elk Lake (Ofalt, Hunsinger, Bosscher, Lyden) 4:30.94, Dunmore, Elk Lake.
Records: EL 1-0, DUN 0-1.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9125;
@sportsTT on Twitter
