By Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
The decision lifted the U.S. central bank's benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point to a target range of 1.00 percent to 1.25 percent as it proceeds with its first tightening cycle in more than a decade.
In its statement following a two-day meeting, the Fed's policy-setting committee indicated the economy had been expanding moderately, the labour market continued to strengthen and a recent softening in inflation was seen as transitory.
The Fed also gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2 trillion (3.28 trillion pounds) portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession.
"The committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization programme this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated," the Fed said in its statement.
The central bank said it would gradually ramp up the pace of its balance sheet reduction and anticipates the plan would feature halting reinvestments of ever-larger amounts of maturing securities.
The Fed said the initial cap for Treasuries would be set at $6 billion per month initially and increase by $6 billion increments every three months over a 12-month period until it reached $30 billion per month in reductions to its holdings.
For agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, the cap will be $4 billion per month initially, increasing by $4 billion at quarterly intervals over a year until it reached $20 billion per month.
U.S. stocks rose after the Fed announcement, while the dollar reversed some of its earlier losses.
"The Fed announcing an update to their reinvestment principles leaves September open. The start of balance sheet runoff and the fact that they haven't slowed their projected path of rate hikes suggest they can do both balance sheet and rate hikes at the same time," said Gennady Goldberg, interest rate strategist at TD Securities.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen was holding a press conference at 2:30 p.m. EDT (1830 GMT).
EYES ON INFLATION
The Fed has now raised rates four times as part of a normalization of monetary policy that began in December 2015. The central bank had pushed rates to near zero in response to the financial crisis.
Policymakers also released their latest set of quarterly economic forecasts which showed temporary concern about inflation and continued confidence about economic growth in the coming years.
They forecast U.S. economic growth of 2.2 percent in 2017, an increase from the previous projection in March. Inflation was expected to be at 1.7 percent by the end of this year, down from the 1.9 percent previously forecast.
A retreat in inflation over the past two months has caused jitters among some Fed officials who fear that the shortfall, if sustained, could alter the pace of future rate hikes. Earlier on Wednesday, the Labor Department reported consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May, the second drop in three months.
The Fed's preferred measure of underlying inflation has retreated to 1.5 percent, from 1.8 percent earlier this year, and has run below the central bank's 2 percent target for more than five years.
Expectations of any fiscal stimulus in the near term from the Trump administration have also waned with campaign promises on tax cuts, regulation rollbacks and infrastructure spending either still on the drawing board or facing hurdles in Congress.
Interest rates are seen rising one more time by the end of this year, according to the median projection of the forecasts released with the Fed's policy statement, in keeping with the previous forecast.
Estimates for the unemployment rate by the end of this year moved down to 4.3 percent, the current level, and to 4.2 percent in 2018, indicating the Fed believes the labour market will continue to tighten.
The median estimate of the long-run neutral rate, which is seen as the level of monetary policy that neither boosts nor slows the economy, was unchanged at 3.0 percent.
Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari dissented in Wednesday's decision.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider; Editing by Paul Simao)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A "failure of care" led to the death of plastering contractor Mark Kentish when they were tackled and restrained by a security guard and caretaker at a Wye Valley business park two years ago, an inquest jury concluded today.
The 55-year-old dad-of-six from Aylesbury Road, Hockley, Solihull was held down on the ground for almost 20 minutes by the guard and gatekeeper until police arrived and arrested and handcuffed him.
Jurors said the restraint used by the two park staff was 'inappropriate in both method and duration'.
As the police officers were dealing with Mr Kentish they became unwell and died despite their efforts to resuscitate him, the seven day Gloucester inquest was told.
Their death was found to have been caused by a combination of factors including their obesity, existing coronary disease, drugs and alcohol - but principally the stress of their struggle with the guards.
The jury returned a narrative conclusion in which they said: "On June 22 2016 at approximately 10.40pm Mark Kentish drove into the lane approaching Stowfield Business Park in Lower Lydbrook, Gloucestershire.
"The jury considers that there is insufficient evidence that anything in Mr Kentish's behaviour before they got out of the car caused the security guard and off duty gatekeeper to leave the gatehouse and approach him.
"He was approached by a non-uniformed and unidentifiable security guard and an off duty gatekeeper.
"The jury agree that Mr Kentish had consumed a large quantity of alcohol during that day, which more than likely not resulted in a boisterous and loud behaviour as witnessed in the New Inn pub shortly before the incident.
"Due to the conflicting accounts and unreliability of the security guards' evidence, the jury are unable to determine a reason for Mr Kentish to be restrained.
"Also due to conflicting accounts, we are unable to establish the exact sequence of events which led to Mr Kentish ending up on the ground but believe it more likely that they came to be there through an uncontrolled descent, following a confrontation with the security guard and off duty gatekeeper.
"He was restrained in a way that was inappropriate in both method and duration, and there was a failure in the duty of care towards Mr Kentish.
"The security guard had little understanding of the potential risks and consequences of restraint.
"There is evidence of a failure in both professional practice and conduct on the part of the security company and its employees.
"Mr Kentish's condition deteriorates and they stop breathing at 11.18pm.
"Despite the best efforts at resuscitation by the police and paramedics, Mr Kentish died at 12.13am on June 23 2016 in the lane approaching Stowfield Business Park, Lower Lydbrook, Gloucestershire.
"The medical cause of death was stress and struggle against restraint. Contributing factors were: coronary artery atheroma, large heart, mild emphysema, effect of obesity and the effect of alcohol and cocaine."
After receiving the jury's conclusion, the assistant Gloucestershire Coroner Caroline Saunders made recommendations under Section 28 of the Coroners Regulations in a bid to prevent a similar tragedy happening in future.
They said they would write to the SIA (Security Industry Authority) to ask why there is no programme of refresher training or education as to the risks of restraint and positional asphyxia.
They will also ask why the SIA have failed a Home Office requirement to look at flaws following a similar inquest in North Wales in 2014.
Ms Saunders said they further want to know what the security company NSG (National Security Group) is doing to ensure that companies can rely on SIA approval to employ security guards.
The inquest had heard that Mr Kentish had driven to the Wye Valley to visit their disabled father in English Bicknor. They were referred to during the hearing as a 'gentle giant' and an extrovert, larger than life, and childlike character.
They regularly drank heavily and was known to use cocaine. After visiting their father they went to the New Inn at Shortstanding and drank with a cousin. Witnesses said they had about six pints of cider and a similar number of sambuca shots. They also insisted on buying drinks for everyone in the pub - something they were in the habit of doing when they went out.
When they left the pub at closing time they drove their Range Rover Sport to the Stowfield Business Park where, according to the staff there, they were drunkenly trying to tear down the fence around a 3million volt electricity sub station.
The jury heard that one of the guards who tackled him, Paul Whiteside, had been working at the estate for only three weeks and was still waiting for their Security Industry Association.
(Image: Google Street View)
In evidence Mr Whiteside said: "You could hear the fence being rattled and profanities being shouted.
"He was shouting about a dog and saying they were going to kill us all.
"He was shouting about a dog and a wife, saying they were going to kill them all. They were shouting 'f**k the dog and f**k your wife' - you don't expect to hear that sort of thing in the middle of the Forest at night."
Mr Whiteside said they tried to defuse the situation and explain to Mr Kentish that they were on private property in the hope that they would just leave.
"He (Mr Kentish) was prodding Carl's (caretaker Carl Warren) face. They struck Carl in the face."
At that point, said Mr Whiteside, they intervened and as Mr Kentish fell to the ground they restrained him.
"It was instant - they were brought down to the ground and I grabbed their left arm in a lock and controlled them down to the ground," said Mr Whiteside.
"He kept kicking and trying to get out of it."
They denied that they had punched Mr Kentish in the face, causing an eye injury that was found at postmortem.
Mr Warren told the inquest they were in their caravan on the site when they heard Mr Whiteside calling for assistance.
"Mr Kentish was as drunk as a skunk and I could smell excrement,” said Mr Warren.
“He touched my face and I said 'please don't touch my face' and within seconds they went boom and punched my left cheek with their right hand.
“Pete then put them on the ground as sweet as a nut, quite professionally, while I held their legs.
“Pete never swung any punches and there was no violence whatsoever."
After the inquest a statement on behalf of Mr Kentish's partner Kerry Jay and family was issued saying: "After two years of anguish it is with huge relief and gratitude to this jury that the family and friends of Mark can finally see that the truth has come out, of how they met their death.
"Mark was our big, loveable, larger than life gentle giant. The jury have concluded, as we felt all along, that there was no need for the security guards to confront them that night, let alone put them on the road and restrain them in the way that the Jury described was 'inappropriate in both method and duration'.
"The jury have concluded that it is likely that this unnecessary and inappropriate restraint restricted Mark's ability to breathe and directly contributed to their death that night.
"The jury have also identified a failure on the part of the security company and its employees. It appears that the Security Industry Authority, instead of ensuring high standards of security staff, are simply handing out badges to people with no understanding of the life threatening risks involved in using restraint.
"The family are delighted that the Coroner is going to write to express the concerns we share with them to the Security Industry Authority and the Home Office.
"We demand urgent action to prevent any further unnecessary tragedies like this and to stop any other families experiencing what we have been, and continue, to go through.
"If the wholly unnecessary death of our lovely Mark can achieve anything by way of change, that would be at least some small consolation."
About seven miles away from John Tyler off the loop, Tyler Lee held its first practice of fall camp. Clayton George gave up on the Red Raiders program after just one season, but Tyler ISD athletic director Greg Priest connected on a Hail Mary by hiring Kurt Traylor in June.
The longtime Gilmer assistant is teaching their kids to "Pound the Stone" during preseason practices. A lot of learning is going on, but Traylor wants
the players to stay focused and give maximum effort.
The Red Raiders haven't finished above .500 since 2008, won a postseason game since 2009, or made the playoffs since 2014. But the only thing Traylor knows is how to win. They did capture three state titles with the Buckeyes under their brother Jeff.
Quarterback and Houston commit Chance Amie along with star running back LaDarius Wickware gives Lee a potent one-two punch on offense. So the objective right now, get everyone to believe in the process.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
Dhvani Bhanushali, one of the singers of the new version of the 1999 track “Dilbar“, hopes people shower their love on the song as they did for the original composition.
The video of the new version for the T-Series and Emmay Entertainment's film “Satyameva Jayate” features Nora Fatehi and John Abraham.
In the original, the song was picturised on Sushmita Sen and Sanjay Kapoor.
The song has been recreated by Tanishk Bagchi and written by Shabbir Ahmed. It is sung by Neha Kakkar, Dhvani and Alka Yagnik whose voice has been kept from the original composition.
Talking about the song with a modern Arabic theme, Dhvani said in a statement: “It is such a great opportunity to sing for the recreated version of such an iconic song. While working on this song, I got a chance to work with great music artistes like Tanishk and Neha.
“I really hope people like ‘Dilbar' and shower their love as they did for the original composition. Nora Fatehi is stunning in the video and the video is looking incredible. After ‘Ishtehaar', which was a sad song, I am glad I got a chance to sing a completely different tune.”
Nikhil Advani, who is producing the film, wanted Nora to choreograph their own belly dance moves as they are well versed with the dance form.
“It was an amazing experience working with the team. They were very accommodating and were aware of my knowledge of dance. Nikhil really wanted me to add my own personal touch to the song and I was given the liberty to groove to the music to choreograph portions of the song,” Nora said.
“Many times they would keep rolling the camera to give me the liberty to do my own movements and adapted that into the video.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A new space study was conducted and has revealed a new theory about the planet Uranus.
All joking aside, it really does stink.
According to scientists, Uranus smells like rotten eggs. (Don't laugh, this is science!)
A new study suggests clouds in the planet's atmosphere are composed of hydrogen sulfide, the molecule that makes rotten eggs smell so bad.
But how did experts sniff out this new info from roughly 1.6 billion miles away?
Using a spectrometer on NASA's Gemini Telescope in Hawaii, researchers observed Uranus' cloud cover.
What Do Uranus' Cloud Tops Have in Common with Rotten Eggs? https://t.co/5voeG5VHkn pic.twitter.com/ki3Ngi5FDG — Gemini Observatory (@GeminiObs) April 23, 2018
That's where they spotted the signature of hydrogen sulfide.
However, experts say if anyone were to go to Uranus, they wouldn't have to endure the stench.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
Intel has cancelled its Intel Developer Forum (IDF) developer events. Earlier in the year, the company said that it wasn't going to hold an IDF in China this year, but now even the San Francisco event (which was planned to be held in mid-August) has been scrapped. The announcement was spotted by Anandtech.
In the past, Intel has used IDF to launch each year's new processor architecture along with other big product announcements such as Optane non-volatile storage. The difficulties of physics have made it harder for the company to offer an annual architecture refresh, however. Intel has experienced delays in deploying new manufacturing processes and slow, extended rollouts of new chip designs.
While the company earlier said that it would not have a Chinese event, the San Francisco IDF was still being planned, albeit with a "new format," in the early months of 2017. It appears now that this "new format" is in fact "non-existence."
Justifying the change, the company told Anandtech that the cancellation occurred because Intel is no longer so heavily PC-centric, with a wider range of products spanning FPGAs, Optane storage, Internet-of-Things microcontrollers, wireless communications, and more. As such, Intel says that it is going to move to a greater variety of smaller, more focused events. Its recent Manufacturing Day event, wherein the company argued that it was keeping Moore's Law alive even in spite of the slowdown in deploying new processes, is an example of this approach.
Still, it was useful for attendees to have a diverse range of Intel experts available at a common location at the same time. And even if the company has a wider focus, it feels like a single event could still address these diverse needs through different developer tracks.
Niche food start-ups are starting to eat into profits of traditional food brands, triggering a desperate search for innovative c-suite executives, says Annie Gasparro, a reporter at The Wall Street Journal.
Jack Oldham says they owe Bishop's Cleeve boss Steve Cleal a fruitful season after several short-lived previous spells at Kayte Lane.
Oldham missed the Mitres' opening day defeat at Wimborne Town due to a wedding, but they will return for Tuesday night's home match against AFC Totton (7.45pm).
The central midfielder has been affected by injury problems in recent years, but they are feeling fit and ready to shine at Southern League level.
“Sooty (Cleal) had been a good manager to me and they fill me with confidence,” Oldham said.
“He actually had me back three or four times when I have left for other clubs so I definitely owe them a good season!
“I have lost weight this year and am much fitter than I have been previously, so I'm excited to hopefully play a whole season free from injury.”
Oldham was at Aston Villa from eight to 16 and they have since played for Cheltenham Saracens, Cinderford Town and Slimbridge.
The highlight of their career was helping Villa beat Manchester United 4-3 in a youth team fixture, with another Cheltonian Joe Donaghue scoring a hat-trick.
“Being a Man United fan that was definitely the best game I've played in so far,” Oldham said.
Oldham wants to help Cleeve finish in the top 10 in Southern League Division One West this season.
“We've had a decent pre-season and my aim is for Wimborne to be the only game I miss all year,” Oldham said.
DENVER — An eight-member jury will now begin deliberations in a civil case involving pop star Taylor Swift and a man they allege groped them
Gabriel McFarland, attorney for former radio host David Mueller, stated in their closing arguments Monday that a photo of Mueller posing with Swift at a 2013 meet-and-greet doesn't show them reacting as if Mueller had groped her, which is what Swift has testified.
“Not a single witness who was there gave any indication that they saw Mr. Mueller bend over or lean down to get low enough to get under Ms. Swift's skirt,” McFarland said during closing arguments. “In addition, look at Ms. Swift's face and ask yourself: Is that the face of a person who just had a strange man grab their butt?”
“That's the face of someone who is taking a nice photograph,” they added.
Mueller denies grabbing Swift and filed suit against the superstar, their mother Andrea Swift and Taylor's radio liaison Frank Bell, accusing them of interfering with their $150,000/year contract as a local morning radio DJ by pressuring their employer, KYGO radio, to fire him. The singer filed a countersuit in response for assault and battery.
They were dismissed as a defendant in Mueller's suit on Friday when a judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence to show that Swift had acted improperly.
The federal suit brought by Mueller continues with just the singer's mother, and Frank Bell, as defendants.
Attorney McFarland portrayed their client as a man who would not have risked their 20 year career in radio by inappropriately touching Swift. The singer's accusations simply did not make sense and were inconsistent with what others had to say happened that night, McFarland said.
Mueller's suit doesn't seek a specific monetary amount, but an expert retained by the ex-radio host determined that nearly $3 million was a fair compensation for damages. Swift is seeking $1 in their countersuit.
Testimony wraps up
Mueller's legal team rested its case on Friday after four days of testimony, including from the singer herself.
Also Friday, Swift's bodyguard testified that they witnessed Mueller reach their hand under Swift's skirt at the Denver photo-op in what they called a “violation” of their body.
“I know they aren't comfortable with it, that's why they moved, pushed (her) skirt down and moved closer to the woman,” Greg Dent said.
Dent's eyewitness testimony bolsters Swift's allegation that Mueller, a former DJ for Denver radio station KYGO, inappropriately grabbed their buttocks at Denver's Pepsi Center. KYGO is a CNN affiliate.
The photographer at the meet-and-greet, Stephanie Simbeck, testified Thursday that they also witnessed the alleged groping.
Friday's court proceedings also featured testimony from Mueller's then-girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, as well as Mueller's former radio co-host, Ryan Kliesch. Both said they hadn't seen Mueller act disrespectfully toward or inappropriately touch women.
What happened
The singer told their mother, Andrea, and their management team about the incident and identified Mueller as the culprit from a photo, they testified. Them radio promotions director, Frank Bell, told Mueller's bosses at KYGO, who fired Mueller two days later after conducting their own investigation.
In 2015, Mueller sued Swift, their mother, and Bell in civil court, claiming that they did not touch them inappropriately and that they lost their job because of a false accusation.
In response, Swift countersued Mueller for alleged assault and battery. Them lawsuit argued that the trial would “serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
Swift delivered pointed testimony on Thursday, including that they had no reaction to learning that Mueller had lost their job.
“I'm not going to allow you or your client to make me feel in any way that this is my fault, because it isn't,” they said.
“I am being blamed for the unfortunate events of their life that are a product of their decisions, and not mine,” Swift added later.
Much of the trial's testimony has focused on the photo of Swift, Mueller, and Melcher from the meet-and-greet. The image, which has not been officially released but was leaked last year, shows a smiling Mueller with their hand hidden from view behind Swift's lower rear.
Both sides have attempted to use the photo to support their case, but Swift firmly rejected the plaintiff's claim that the photo showed nothing inappropriate.
“This is a photo of them with their hand up my skirt — with their hand on my ass,” they said. “You can ask me a million questions — I'm never going to say anything different. I never have said anything different.”
What's next
The jury of six women and two men will decide the civil trial. After closing arguments, they'll deliberate on the remaining claims – tortious interference with contract against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell, as well as Swift's counterclaim of assault and batter against Mueller. The jury's decision must be unanimous.
The 'Cheaters Edition' adds 15 cheat cards covering the most common types of traditionally unsportsmanlike play such as moving tokens more spaces than allowed by the dice, avoiding rent, or stealing money from the ban
Published 10:31 AM, February 03, 2018
WASHINGTON DC, USA – Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200: Just steal it.
A new version of the decades-old board game Monopoly encourages players to cheat, but plastic handcuffs will leave them "locked up" if they are caught.
The aim of the game remains as it has been since its creation in 1935: to become the richest player through buying properties and collecting rent.
But a recent study "revealed that nearly half of game players attempt to cheat during Monopoly games, so in 2018, Hasbro decided it was time to give fans what they've been craving all along," a statement from Monopoly's manufacturer said.
The "Cheaters Edition" will be available this autumn.
It adds 15 cheat cards covering the most common types of traditionally unsportsmanlike play such as moving tokens more spaces than allowed by the dice, avoiding rent, or stealing money from the bank.
If they can get away with it before the next players' turn, the "cheaters" will be rewarded with Monopoly money, a hotel, or $200 from the bank.
"But get caught and you'll pay the consequences! Pretend handcuffs will leave offenders "chained" to the board until they are released," Hasbro says.
In another change, there is no longer a designated banker. Each player controls the central money pool during their or their turn – making it easier to pull off a heist.
While Hasbro says it "has finally decided to embrace our less-than-honest fans by encouraging them to partake in those iconic (yet sometimes unspoken) Monopoly moments," the new version has its detractors.
"Monopoly is a horrible game," and a cheaters' monopoly would be even more so, Edward Castronova, a specialist in media and games at the University of Indiana, told Agence France-Presse on Friday, February 2.
More broadly, the game is "is a completely inaccurate simulation of real economies. If Monopoly's model were accurate, there would only be one company in the world, instead of billions and billions."
More than 275 million copies of Monopoly, in various versions, have been distributed in 114 countries. – Rappler.com
PARKLAND, Fla. (AP) - A Marjory Stoneman Douglas student alleges they were aggressively questioned by school administrators and local law enforcement after posting on social media that they fired an assault weapon at a gun range with their dad.
Junior Kyle Kashuv said they were brought in for questioning Monday by a school security officer and a Broward County deputy in what they say was an attempt to intimidate him.
"I can now check off being wrongfully questioned by law enforcement off my bucket list," tweeted Kashuv, adding "school will be interesting for the remainder of my tenure at MSD. I am not looking forward to it."
On Tuesday, Kashuv told Fox News host Tucker Carlson that the meeting with officials was an interrogation.
"It was a clear attempt to intimidate me, and they used very, very, very harsh intimidation tactics," Kashuv said.
After first being questioned by a school security officer, a Broward County deputy entered the room and sat behind the teen, Kashuv said. The deputy began asking Kashuv who the rifle belonged to and who they went shooting with. Kashuv said they asked if they could record the interview and was told that they couldn't. The teen said they felt like the deputy was trying to get them to incriminate their father.
Kashuv said the gun debate has become so prominent since the Valentine's Day massacre that killed 17 that they "felt it was important to learn about the physical mechanics of it," Kashuv said in a text to The Associated Press. "I made sure to post about it because I wanted to show people it's people that are the issue, not guns."
Kashuv also tweeted "Apparently using my constitutional rights to learn how to defend myself is wrong? Sorry, I thought this was still the United States of America."
On Friday, Kashuv posted videos on Twitter showing them firing an AR-15 rifle at a target, saying it "strengthened my love for 2A" and taught them "America is the greatest country ever, where freedom intensifies and liberty is required to be a real American."
Their posts came as thousands of students around the country walked out of school for gun reform in honor of the 19th anniversary of the Columbine shooting.
Kashuv has been a vocal supporter of gun rights and garnered heavy support from conservative pro-gun groups. The teen has drawn criticism from the core #NeverAgain students, including Emma Gonzalez and David Hogg, who have repeatedly called for a ban on assault rifles.
A Broward Sheriff's Office incident report confirmed the meeting, but didn't provide any specific response to Kashuv's claim that the deputy used interrogation techniques against him.
A school security supervisor told the deputy several students had expressed concern about the social media post, even though no threats were on the video, the report said.
When asked about the post, Kashuv said they had borrowed the rifle from a friend and went shooting with their father, the report said. Officials contacted Kashuv's mother, who stated they knew about the video and the trip to the gun range.
Venus, right, and Serena Williams of the U.S. celebrate after scoring a point against Japan's Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato during their women's doubles first round match of the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris, France, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Thibault Camus)
Venus, right, and Serena Williams of the U.S. celebrate after scoring a point against Japan's Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato during their women's doubles first round match of the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris, France, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Thibault Camus)
NEW YORK (AP) - Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in their first major tennis tournament in 16 months, dressed in a black "warrior princess" catsuit, no less.
But don't look for their French Open outfit among the athleisure, office and evening clothes on their new namesake website , the only place their duds are available.
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike, Williams' "Serena" line includes an "S'' motif and comfortable price points.
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs, along with a T-shirt with the name of their childhood home, Compton.
They say they hope to inspire women to own their own "s'' words, like strong, sexy, sophisticated, sassy, smart, silly and spontaneous.
Prices range from $40 for the logo T-shirt to $215 for a gold and black anorak jacket.
The organiser of a weekly car boot sale which is held every Sunday from 7am to 12pm in the car park next to Arnold Clark and Homebase in Milngavie is looking for regular stallholders.
The £10 entry fee per car paid by stallholders is donated to local charities.
No additional cash is taken from what is sold by the stallholders.
The organiser, Ralph Halley, said: “Do you have plants that you'd like to sell on a regular basis?
“Perhaps you have antiques or jewellery?
“We could even accommodate a farmers' market.
“I would love to hear from any groups who would like to join us.”
Email ralphhalley@hotmail.co.uk for more information.
TOPEKA, Kan. – A new report from the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety finds that young millennials are the riskiest drivers – but none of us are really setting a good example.
According to the study, almost 90 percent of young millennials – defined as those between the ages of 19-24 – engaged in at least one risky behavior behind the wheel in the past 30 days, earning the top spot of worst behaved drivers in the US.
These dangerous behaviors ― known to increase crash risk ― included texting while driving, speeding and running red-lights. In fact, 50 percent of the young millennials said they'd driven through a red light in the past month.
These findings, part of AAA's annual Traffic Safety Culture Index, come as US traffic deaths jumped 7% in 2015 to more than 35,000 – the largest single-year increase in five decades.
Kansas had over 430 fatalities in 2016 which equals a 21% increase over the previous year.
For several years running now, the TSCI reveals a culture among US drivers of ‘do as I say, not as I do'. The same drivers who describe texting and other risky behavior as ‘unacceptable', also admit to engaging in it.
Adelaide is preparing to be taken over by festival wonders, and Kurrangga Park along Unley road will be transformed on the 25th of February for Bonus Cartwheel Day (10am-3pm).
It's set to be a day full of interactive creativity, urban workshops, live performances, art displays and picnic treats designed to bring together families.
Phi Theodoros from the Living Arts Program joined Jennie to talk about the event.
Produced by Kvitka Becker
Image sourced from Flickr – Amy Selleck
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Domestic Homicide Review into the deaths of a Cheltenham teenager and their unborn child has revealed how risk factors were not identified in time.
The review, which uses pseudonyms throughout, was set up after the murder of 16-year-old 'Lucy', who was 24-weeks pregnant with 'Sarah', when they were strangled by their partner, 'Daniel', who was Sarah's father.
The review has been published by the Cheltenham Strategic Leadership Group, the community safety partnership for Cheltenham.
What are Domestic Homicide Reviews? A Domestic Homicide Review (DHR) is a review of the circumstances in which the death of a person aged 16 or over has, or appears to have, resulted from violence, abuse or neglect by:
(a) a person to whom they were related or with whom they were or had been in an intimate personal relationship, or
(b) a member of the same household as themselves, held with a view to identifying the lessons to be learnt from the death.
A review panel consisting of members from local and statutory agencies, led by an independent chair will review each agency's involvement with the individuals involved and consider recommendations to improve agency's responses in the future. In doing this, agencies will improve their responses to domestic violence and abuse, and work better together to prevent such tragedies occurring in the future.
Domestic Homicide Reviews are not inquiries into how someone died or who is to blame. They are not part of any disciplinary process. They do not replace, but will be in addition to, an inquest or any other form of inquiry into the homicide.
The purpose of the review was to understand whether agencies could have potentially prevented Lucy and Sarah's deaths and to establish whether there are lessons to be learnt from this case about the way in which organisations and partnerships carried out their responsibilities to safeguard their wellbeing.
As Lucy was a teenager, the review has also considered how the best agencies should understand the dynamics of relationships between teenagers that feature domestic abuse, including better understanding of the issue of coercive control.
During the course of the review, Lucy's mum ‘Heather' and dad ‘Paul' said they felt very unsupported by some services and consider that those working on a day-to-day basis with Lucy did not have the experience or qualification to manage what they saw were many risks to them wellbeing.
This included their risky behaviours which increased as they passed through their teens and the relationship with Daniel which they identified as unhealthy and harmful.
Countdown to murder
The review heard that the relationship with Daniel was Lucy's first serious relationship and started when they were 15.
Friends said it becomes intense fairly quickly and Lucy's family started to have concerns because they believed Daniel had a gambling problem and was taking Lucy's money.
They also claimed that Daniel was smashing Lucy's mobile phones and exerting other controls over Lucy, which meant they started to distance themselves from their family and close friends.
Them close friend, ‘Hannah' described Lucy as communicating less often and their view was that the relationship with Daniel had become volatile with lots of arguing.
Daniel was noted to be loving one minute and then very derogatory toward Lucy at other times.
However Hannah says that Lucy was in love with Daniel and saw a future with them as someone they could build a family unit of their own.
The first formally recorded physical assault by Daniel was on the October 31, 2013 which was also around the time Lucy thought they may be pregnant.
A member of the public found them distressed in the street and the police were called.
Lucy had said they did not want to press charges but rang the police the next day having changed their mind. However that message did not get through and no further action was taken.
When they reached 16, Lucy moved in with Daniel and their family. Their parents cared for Lucy and their attendance at school improved and there appeared to be some stability in their life.
Lucy was permitted to go into school after morning registration as they were experiencing morning sickness. On their way to school on April 2, 2014, Lucy was intercepted by Daniel and they went to Daniel's house. There, Daniel strangled them with a scarf.
Lucy was taken to the Emergency Department in cardiac arrest. They were 24 weeks pregnant. On examination bruising was noted to the right eye, abrasions to the left temple, together with old bruising to their right arm and left thigh.
A female stillborn baby, Sarah, was delivered at 24 weeks gestation on April 4. Lucy's condition deteriorated and brain stem death was confirmed. Lucy died on April 5 2014.
Lucy was found to have many old injuries on their body as well as those arising from being strangled.
Daniel's parents
Although Daniel's parents did not witness any assaults nor observe any injuries to Lucy they do not excuse their actions.
In a meeting with Daniel's family, it was clear that they too have been devastated by what has happened to Lucy, Sarah and their son. This has also had a huge impact upon their family
What the report found
Risk factors were building around Lucy and this was not assessed in a timely or effective manner. The longer-term work with Lucy could have commenced much earlier.
It is concerning that the social care workers involved in this case did not seem to recognise risk factors around the particular vulnerability of a child who is a victim of domestic abuse, the review, chaired by Deborah Jeremiah, said.
Lucy and Daniel had an unrealistic expectation that Children's Social Care would find them nice accommodation in a good area with full financial support.
No active work was being done with Lucy by any agency to educate them as to the risks of their relationship. The professional response was driven by the very practical problem of them needing accommodation outside the family setting.
The safety plan was flawed as this was reliant on Lucy having access to a mobile phone.
Heather had already reported to the police on February 3 2014 that Daniel had control over Lucy's phone; several of Lucy's phones had been damaged by Daniel.
It reported that: "There were no specific protocols in place for domestic violence and abuse for under 18s in the hospital (or the County) at this time. The issue was identifying that Lucy was experiencing domestic abuse and supporting them with this.
"Since that time, Gloucestershire Hospitals entire medical and nursing workforce have received safeguarding children and adults training in line with the Trust's mandatory safeguarding children training strategy."
The review has come forward with six learning points that are supported by 23 actions.
The six learning points: Ensure that young people have access to preventative work on healthy relationships.
The need for early intervention adopting an inclusive family-based approach.
Young people should get the right support at the right time.
Professionals need to recognise and respond to the indicators of relationship harm among young people including coercive control.
Professionals need to be able to navigate the challenges between young people's autonomy and the duty of professionals to keep them safe.
How do professionals and the wider community recognise and respond to abusive and controlling behaviours and engage with the abuser.
Progress has already been made against several of these actions and Cheltenham Strategic Leadership Group will work with Gloucestershire Safeguarding Children Board and with Safer Gloucestershire to hold agencies to account for the delivery of the remainder.
Terms of Reference Decide whether in all the circumstances at the time, any agency or individual intervention could have potentially prevented Lucy's death.
Review current responsibilities, policies and practices in relation to victims of domestic abuse – to build up a picture of what should have happened and review national best practice in respect of protecting young adults from domestic abuse.
Examine the roles of the organisations involved in their case; the extent to which they had involvement with those agencies, and the appropriateness of single agency and partnership responses to their case to draw out the strengths and weaknesses.
Establish whether there are lessons to be learnt from this case about the way in which organisations and partnerships carried out their responsibilities to safeguard their wellbeing.
Identify clearly what those lessons are.
Identify whether, as a result, there is a need for changes in organisational and/or partnership policy, procedures or practice in Gloucestershire in order to improve our work to better safeguard victims of domestic abuse.
Councillor Steve Jordan, Chair of Cheltenham Strategic Leadership Group said: “This complex review has taken a long time to bring to a conclusion – this reflects the seriousness that all agencies have taken to understand the issues that Lucy faced; to analyse their engagement with them and to honestly appraise where they could have improved.
“I would like to thank all the agencies for their hard work and input into the review.
“We hope that the publication of the review will shine a light on the challenges that agencies have of working with teenagers who want to be independent and make their own choices, yet in so doing, may be putting themselves at risk of harm.
"We have identified six recommendations that we believe will increase agencies abilities to safeguard the wellbeing of teenagers like Lucy.
“I would also like to thank both sets of families that have had their lives shattered by this tragedy."
The specific terms of reference Consider how the best agencies should and individuals understand the dynamics of relationships between teenagers that feature domestic abuse, including the issue of supreme control of the abuser upon the victim.
Appraise if is there a gap in services around working with young people who are considered to be involved in perpetrating domestic violence.
Explore how professionals and services can optimise support to young people who have left abusive partners and ensure they are able to sustain that separation and independence.
Consider when a woman who is subject to domestic violence is pregnant, what additional safeguards should be in place to protect the young woman and unborn child.
Consider any incidence of, and impact of any possible collusion by others such as peers.
Consider how young people who may be aware that peers are being subjected to domestic abuse, can be supported to share information to safeguard the victim, including sharing information on social media.
The overview report and action plan are available here.
The families of Lucy and Daniel were involved in producing the lengthy report, which details the interaction they had with the authorities, the warning signs about domestic abuse, and the health care Lucy received.
Tribute to Lucy and Sarah from their family
"Lucy will always be remembered by their family and friends for their huge personality and radiant smile.
"She was a young girl who loved life and always had time for others.
"Her baby will always be the little girl who would have been welcomed into our lives and loved very much.
"We take some comfort from knowing that they rest in peace with their mummy."
Southwest Missouri police have sent out a warning after the recent arrest of a woman who had several fake bills in the Joplin area..
Carl Junction Missouri's city-wide fall garage sale is this weekend and police believe that could provide an opportunity for someone to pass counterfeit bills.
Police Chief Delmar Haase has posted a warning on social media telling people to watch out for the funny money.
They say these particular counterfeits are actually easy to identify. "It's money they use in the movies", Haase said. "Instead of 'in God we trust' it will say 'for movie use only', but there are people that try to pass it and it does occasionally get accepted."
Haase adds "there's actually a pen you can pick up for a few dollars that will mark it and tell you. Look for security strips in the money and that kind of i issue because this type of counterfeit is not going to have that issue."
Other clues can help you spot counterfeit bills. Look for blurred borders, printing or text; make sure the serial numbers on the face of the bills match;and fives, tens, twenties and hundreds made in the past seventeen years should have watermarks.
Haase says they are not aware of the counterfeit money appearing in Carl Junction, but the discovery in neighboring Joplin is reason enough for concern.
Haase says anyone who gets a counterfeit bill should contact local authorities.
Following is the social media post by the Carl Junction Missouri Police Department:
If you are one of our local businesses, running a yard sale or anywhere else you might be taking in cash, please watch for counterfeit money. The bills being passed are very easy to spot, it will have for motion picture use only. These bills are out there and have been passed and attempted to be passed all over our area. So beware. If you do see these bills call your local police department.
A short time ago in a galaxy not so far away, a crew of workers excavating downtown Ottawa's LRT tunnel made a surprising discovery near Lyon station.
Several storeys below Queen Street, they found a glimmering wall of light. Frequencies generated by the human body soon began to materialize, taking on larger-than-life shapes. Beams of colourful light bounced off walls while puffs of smoke filled the dark cavern. Music pulsed and patterns danced. As the workers descended deeper, another flash of light signalled the arrival of a train.
The inexplicable phenomenon has prompted the city's LRT contractor, Rideau Transit Group, to vacate Lyon station for the summer to let visitors see and experience it for themselves.
Starting next month and continuing seven days a week until mid-September, the Kontinuum multimedia show will welcome people to Lyon station in dramatic fashion. Created and produced by Ottawa 2017 and Montreal's Moment Factory, it's being pitched as the first-ever underground sound and light show held in a metro station still under construction.
“This was the most complex project of my career,” said Guy Laflamme, Ottawa 2017's executive producer.
They pitched the idea to city officials three years ago after hearing about a vague plan to open one of the Confederation LRT Line's downtown stations for one week in conjunction with the year-long party marking the 150th anniversary of Canada's founding.
“Can I push my luck?,” they wondered.
Humberto Ferrer, RTG's deputy director, was an early supporter because they saw what Moment Factory had done previously when it created the first sound and light experience to showcase the façade of the Sagrada Familia in Barcelona in 2012.
Even though the $2.1-billion LRT line won't open until next year, Laflamme called it the city's most important project and said they felt “it was essential to find a way to include it in our program.”
All 13 LRT stations are now under construction and trains are being tested on a stretch of track in the east-end between Blair and Cyrville stations. But Kontinuum will be the first chance people get to actually go inside a station.
Laflamme had a long list of demands for Moment Factory. They wouldn't just settle for the kind of sound and light show you might see on Parliament Hill. They wanted something to highlight Ottawa's innovative, techy side and get people excited about LRT.
Pulling off such a production inside an unfinished LRT station, which the contractor is under pressure to complete by 2018, requires a lot of collaboration between Laflamme's team, RTG and the city's O-Train Construction office.
Ever the optimist, even Laflamme admitted they were skeptical it would all come together. “I'm pinching myself everyday to make sure I'm not dreaming.”
St. Laurent station was briefly considered as a back-up, but Lyon is ready for RTG to hand over the keys to Ottawa 2017, said Steve Cripps, the director of O-Train Construction. “The bones of the station are there,” they said.
The city's building department has inspected the site and already issued an occupancy permit.
Moment Factory will arrive and begin setting up its equipment later this week.
The production has a few Ottawa connections. The music, which shifts from zen-like lounge vibes to throbbing beats to swelling strings, was composed by Vincent Letellier and the lighting was designed by Ian MacDonald. Moment Factory co-founder Sakchin Bessette is a graduate of Lowertown's De La Salle high school.
Kontinuum will begin at the old Place de Ville movie theatre off Sparks Street, lead visitors around to the station's eastern entrance off Queen Street and down to the platform level. At the end, the audience will exit via an escalator that leads to the Lyon station entrance on the southwest corner of Queen and Lyon.
It will run daily from July 16 to September 14, from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Free tickets can be reserved online as of June 15 at 12 p.m. In addition, limited tickets will be available on site daily. The entire experience involves walking about 500 metres and is expected to take people between 35 and 45 minutes (security and volunteers will be on hand to keep people moving).
Elevators will be available for people with mobility challenges, but Laflamme warns about the use of intense light, sounds and smoke machines.
Up to 420 people can be inside the station at one time.
mpearson@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mpearson78
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Not too many people have noticed, but Western Wayne is 6-0....This game will be their toughest test by far.
“As many predicted, Apple yesterday posted record-breaking earnings for the recent holiday quarter,” Yoni Heisler writes for BGR. “When the dust settled, Apple recorded $88.3 billion in revenue, nearly $4 billion more than the revenue it posted during the same quarter a year ago.”
“Revenue aside, iPhone sales for the quarter did check in below some analyst projections. Specifically, Apple sold 77.3 million iPhones during the last three months of 2017, representing a slight decrease from the 78.3 million units it sold during the holiday quarter last year,” Heisler writes. “While some were quick to pounce on a year-over-year decrease in iPhone sales as evidence that we've reached peak iPhone — a sentiment analysts have been hurling at Apple for quite a few years now — a closer look at the numbers reveals that the strength of Apple's iPhone line remains incredibly healthy, if not under-appreciated.”
“For starters, it's worth noting that Apple's 2017 holiday quarter included 13 weeks while the 2016 holiday quarter encapsulated 14 weeks,” Heisler writes. “Doing some simple math, Apple over the last quarter sold 5.94 million iPhones per week (77.3/13). In a hypothetical scenario where the recent quarter included 14 weeks — as it did last year — it's fair to assume that Apple could have easily sold upwards of 83 million iPhones.”
Read more in the full article here.
Daily tasks can be a source of worry for people with a life-limiting illness. Fortunately, Hospice of the Calumet Area's Transitions™ program helps terminally ill individuals and their families with daily living.
[MUNSTER, 7/2/2018] — An individual suffering from a serious, life-limiting illness faces difficulties in doing everyday tasks, such as housework, errands, and cooking. The illness makes these tasks harder to accomplish. Apart from worrying about his/her terminal illness, struggling with everyday life causes the person to feel troubled about who will take care of things when he/she passes away.
Alleviating a Terminally Ill Person's Burden
Fortunately, a solution exists to lighten the burden for a terminally ill individual. According to an article from the National Institute of Aging, an available loved one can take over small daily chores around the home, such as picking up medicine from the pharmacy, taking care of the family pet, doing the laundry, and picking up the newspaper or mail. Offering reassurance and reminding the dying individual that his/her personal affairs are in good hands can bring comfort and a measure of peace to the patient.
Offering a Helping Hand to Loved Ones
While it is a great idea for family members to pitch in and take over small tasks to lighten the load of a dying loved one, not everyone has the time to do so. Families who are feeling overwhelmed by a loved one's terminal illness and need a helping hand can turn to Hospice of the Calumet Area and take advantage of its Transitions™ program.
Transitions™ is the hospice's support service program that assists individuals and their families who are adjusting to a terminal disease. The Transitions™ support team guides clients and caregivers during this trying time by:
• Helping the terminally ill person cope with his/her illness
• Identifying possible care options
• Locating community resources that meet the particular needs of the client
•
On top of these support services, Transitions™ gives caregivers respite breaks through specially trained companion volunteer visits.
About Hospice of the Calumet Area
Hospice of the Calumet Area is a not-for-profit organization that helps terminally ill individuals cherish life by offering compassionate and experienced care. It has a team of professionals who work together to resolve a patient's physical, spiritual, and emotional needs.
Log on to http://www.hospicecalumet.org/ for more details.
BOISE -
Spring ball entered week two this morning. Coach Harsin and their staff putting a special focus on addressing the running back position.
The Broncos have just 3 running backs on the field right now. The rest are battling injuries including leader Alexander Mattison who is working their way back to full strength after a leg injury last season. The depleted roster is giving Robert Mahone and first-year student drake Beasley a chance to get some extra reps.
Mahone had 115 yards a season ago and Beasley was a redshirt.
"Those guys are taking a lot of reps it hasn't slowed us down one bit. Skyler Seibold is doing a nice job with their transition from safety to tailback. Drake Beasley is still figuring everything out. Drake hasn't played football in a long time so my message to them this is your opportunity to actually play and nobody is holding you back. Robert Mahone has made a lot of improvements they are playing hard and they have a better understanding," said Head Coach Bryan Harsin
A.J. Richardson is a Group of 5 players to Watch this season
According to Mark Schlabach of ESPN A.J. Richardson is in their group of 5 players to watch out for this season.
Schlabach says Richardson will have to be more productive this season as the loss of Cedrick Wilson means more catches coming their way. They had 33 catches for 494 yards but with just two touchdowns last year
All surgical theatres at NA Hospital functional unlike opposition MP claims – Min. Lawrence
DPI, Guyana, Sunday, December 10, 2017
Minister of Public Health, Volda Lawrence conducted a tour of the New Amsterdam Regional Hospital on Saturday, December 9, with the aim of ascertaining the working conditions of the staff and environment under which persons are offered medical care.
Additionally, the Minister's visit sought to dismiss allegations made by Opposition Members of Parliament (MP's) concerning the functioning of key areas of the hospital. “During the course of the debate in the National Assembly, Opposition MP Dr. Mahadeo made several allegations against the management of health services in Region Six.” Minister Lawrence pointed out.
The debates for the National 2018 budget were held from Monday, December 4 to Friday, December 8, 2017.
Minister Lawrence said that during these debates the Region Six MP, Dr. Vishwa Mahadeo and former minister Dr. Frank Anthony alleged that all three of the surgical theatres at New Amsterdam were not functioning, resulting in numerous transfers to the Georgetown Public Hospital.
However, the minister described, the afore mentioned as misinterpreted or false information. “We spoke to the persons working in the theatres, and we heard that all three theatres are working. Two of the theatres are for general surgeries. One is specific to looking at ophthalmology so that is not used for everything. From time to time they will use it, but once that is done, they will shut it down because then they will have to do 100 percent sterilization to get it back up and running.”
Senior Anesthetic nurse of the New Amsterdam Hospital, Lennox Sampson testified to this when asked about the functioning of these theatres. “We have no theatre that is not functioning currently…” Sampson detailed.
While these theatres remain functional, the New Amsterdam Hospital staff did inform the minister that from time to time, surgical cases are interrupted due to ‘load shedding or blackout' and power fluctuations.
Immediately, Minister Lawrence consulted with the Chief Executive Officer of the Hospital, Colin Bynoe and Director of Health Services, Region Six, Jevaughn Stephens to resolve this issue.
“We spoke about having GPL come on board to assist with having some single lines sent in, so we can have some stand-alone services to our laboratory (and theatres). So that our machines are not affected from time to time by either fluctuation in the voltage or because of the heavy load of machinery now, at the new Amsterdam hospital.”
The Opposition MPs had also raised questions about the Computed Tomography (CT) Scan which was donated by RAD-AID in 2016 and is yet to be installed at the regional hospital.
During the Minister's visit, they learnt that there are minor challenges delaying the installation of the machine. “The place where the CT scan is going to be housed, which is right next door to the theatres, that spot is presently being used by the lab technician, it houses the laboratory and the building to house the laboratory was incomplete (so) as soon as that is completed the CT scan will be (installed).” Minister Lawrence explained.
The opposition has continued to criticise the government for not addressing severe drug shortages throughout the country. According to the Public Health Minister, drug shortages will be less of an issue since the availability, timely delivering and management of drugs will be encouraged in 2018.
The Ministry of Public Health has already embarked on a new method of procuring drugs and medical supplies and tenders for the procurement of drugs in 2018 have already been opened.
As it relates specifically, to Region Six, “there are a few drug shortages in the region, not anything significant and I believe it is more of an administrative problem than that of drugs not being available”, Minister Lawrence disclosed.
By: Delicia Haynes
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
It's official: Riordan McClain, of Upper Sandusky, on May 8 won the Republican nomination for the 87th Ohio House District seat, representing Wyandot, Crawford, Morrow counties and parts of Seneca and Marion counties.
The 4,360 votes McClain received were a mere 58 more than Steve Reinhard, but just enough to avoid a recount, said Ruth Leuthold, director of Crawford County elections board. Crawford County is the most populous county in the 87th District, so results from the other counties had to be reported to it.
McClain will face Democrat Mary Pierce-Broadwater, of Crestline, in November.
McClain had a slim lead over Republican rival Steve Reinhard in the results counted on election night. In the weeks since, elections boards have been counting provisional ballots, which were cast by voters whose eligibility was in question for the May primary.
With all the votes counted, McClain garnered 4,360 votes to 4,302 for Reinhard and 1,998 votes for Doug Weisenauer.
McClain received 58 more votes than Reinhard. Had the difference been 53 votes or fewer — in other words, 0.5 percent or less of the 10,660 votes cast for the three candidates — Ohio law would have required a recount.
Voting results in each of the counties in the 87th District were:
Wyandot: McClain, 1,312 votes; Reinhard, 653 votes; Weisenauer, 305 votes.
Seneca: Reinhard, 141 votes; McClain, 120 votes; Weisenauer, 38 votes.
Crawford: Reinhard, 1,829 votes; McClain, 1,208 votes; Weisenauer, 916 votes.
Marion: Reinhard, 324 votes; McClain, 245 votes; Weisenauer, 107 votes.
Morrow: McClain, 1,475 votes; Reinhard, 1,355 votes; Weisenauer, 632 votes.
McClain already represents the 87th District. They were appointed to replace Wes Goodman, who resigned last year in a sex scandal.
McClain is the director of finance and customer service at Doc Investments, Upper Sandusky.
Comments
comments
SHANGHAI (AP) — An American business group says China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has “narrowed the space” for foreign companies to compete in its market.
In a report released Tuesday, the American Chamber of Commerce in China urged Beijing to move faster on market-opening pledges.
The report joins mounting complaints that Beijing is hampering or reducing market access despite its public defense of free trade in response to President Donald Trump's call for import restrictions.
Trump hailed the rapport they developed with their Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, during a meeting last week in Florida that seemed to ease tensions over China's multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States. But neither side has announced policy changes.
Advertisement
The U.S. group cited examples from agriculture to health care to movies where China limits and might be reducing access as it tries to nurture its own competitors in biotech, electric cars and other fields. The chamber complained in March that the regulatory process for approving foreign farm-related biotech products for use in China was slowing.
“The pace of economic reforms and market opening has been slow and faltering, and industrial policies and related measures designed to support domestic industries and national champions have narrowed the space for future participation in China's economy by foreign companies,” the report said.
“With the backdrop of a slowing economy and increasing geopolitical uncertainty, we hope that China will pursue bold reforms to create a more open, market-driven investment environment.”
In response, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said that U.S. investment in China has been increasing significantly, including last year. China is committed to further opening up trade, Lu said, and expects other countries to respond in kind.
“We welcome investment to China,” they said. “We will continue to provide more investment opportunities for foreign companies and create a more favorable environment. …We also hope other countries can be open to Chinese investments.”
Xi and other Chinese leaders have promised market forces and private business will play a bigger role in China's state-dominated economy. But their ambitious plans to develop Chinese technology and manufacturing have prompted warnings that foreign companies might be squeezed out of promising fields.
Chinese leaders also say they will increase the ruling Communist Party's control over state-owned companies that dominate banking, telecoms, oil and gas and other major industries.
Xi defended free trade in a January speech at the World Economic Forum in Switzerland that was seen as a rebuke to Trump. Still, trading partners note China is the most-closed major economy, while the United States is among the most open to trade and investment.
Progress on carrying out Chinese market-opening pledges is “slow and uneven” and “China even appears to be moving in the opposite direction in some regards,” the American chamber said.
It noted progress in some areas such as expanding foreign access to China's bond market but said it saw little action in most industries.
Despite official pledges, more than 60 percent of companies that responded to a survey have “little or no confidence that the government is committed to opening China's markets further in the next three years,” the chamber said.
“There is an increasing perception of animosity toward foreign business,” it said.
The chamber noted the United States and other countries impose few limits on Chinese companies that are on a global buying spree to acquire technology and companies.
The report appealed to Chinese regulators for changes including the release of more information about court rulings, rejections of license applications, anti-monopoly investigations and customs and tax rules. It also called for an end to “window guidance,” in which regulators issue orders to banks and other companies in private contacts without announcing them.
Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields.
Only 10 percent of companies in technology-intensive industries that responded to a survey have an “optimistic viewpoint on the regulatory environment,” the American chamber said.
Authorities also are making little progress on promises to scale down steel and other industries where supply exceeds demand, leading to a flood of low-cost Chinese exports that are hurting foreign competitors, the group said.
It noted the amount of steel production capacity in use rose last year, while much of the 45 million tons of capacity the government said was closed represented mills that already were idle.
“Unemployment concerns, vested interests and an unclear message from the central leadership have caused these efforts at cutting overcapacity to flounder,” the report said.
___
The American Chamber of Commerce in China: www.amchamchina.org
Feb. 03 (UPI) -- On this date in history:
In 1690, Massachusetts Colony issued the first paper money in America.
In 1783, Spain recognized the independence of the United States from Great Britain.
In 1870, the 15th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was ratified. It decreed that the right to vote shall not be denied on account of race, color or previous condition of servitude.
In 1913, the 16th Amendment, allowing establishment of an income tax, became part of the U.S. Constitution after ratification by Wyoming.
In 1917, the United States severed relations with Germany following the former's announcing its intention of waging unrestricted submarine warfare the previous day, on Feb. 2, 1917.
In 1924, Woodrow Wilson, the 28th president of the United States, died in Washington at the age of 67.
In 1959, singers Buddy Holly, J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson and Ritchie Valens, and their pilot, Roger Peterson, were killed in a plane crash near Clear Lake, Iowa.
In 1966, the Soviet Union accomplished the first controlled landing on the moon when the unmanned spacecraft Luna 9 touched down on the Ocean of Storms.
In 1973, the Endangered Species Act was signed into law by U.S. President Richard Nixon.
In 1994, the United States ended a trade embargo on Vietnam after 19 years.
In 1994, Space Shuttle Discovery blasted off into space with the first Russian cosmonaut aboard a U.S. spacecraft.
In 1998, Texas executed Karla Faye Tucker, the first female inmate to be put to death by the state in 135 years.
In 1998, a U.S. Marine jet clipped a cable car wire in a northern Italian ski resort, killing 20 people.
In 2004, the discovery of the lethal poison ricin in the mailroom of U.S. Sen. Bill Frist, R-Tenn., the Senate majority leader, forced the temporary closing of three Senate office buildings in Washington.
In 2005, more than 50 people died when a train rammed a trailer carrying a wedding party at a railroad crossing in India.
In 2005, 104 people aboard an Afghan airliner died when it crashed in the mountains near Kabul. It was Afghanistan's worst air disaster.
In 2006, an Egyptian ferry sank in the Red Sea off the coast of Egypt, an accident that killed nearly 1,000 people.
In 2007, a truck bomb exploded in a Baghdad market killing at least 135 people and injuring more than 300.
In 2008, Serbian President Boris Tadic, a pro-Western leader who favored closer ties with the United States, won re-election over a hard-line Radical Party candidate.
In 2011, the New York City Council approved a measure banning smoking in 1,700 parks and along 14 miles of beaches.
A Checkers Truck Stop security guard is credited with helping take down a couple of alleged drug dealers.
A Checkers Truck Stop security guard is credited with helping take down a couple of alleged drug dealers.
The security guard called police just after 4:00 a.m. Thursday, August 3, when they noticed two men sitting in a SUV in the back parking lot of the Waffle House at 105 S. Martin Luther Kind Ave.
Police said Coriano Derrick and Duwuan Johnson appeared to be selling illegal drugs from the vehicle. Police arrested both suspects, after finding 11 baggies containing cocaine, meth, and pot.
Oklahoma City Police Captain Bo Mathews said the security guard deserves a lot of credit.
“One of the best assets we have as a police department is a community helping us, calling in when they see something that doesn't look like it's right,” said Capt. Mathews.
Police said both suspects have been arrested before.
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 14
<< "Repairs continue for roads damaged by Hurricane Matthew" - "Man tries to steal ice cream sandwich by stuffing it in their pants" >>
Man charged with possession of stolen goods
By Rochelle Moore
Published in News on February 14, 2017 9:57 AM
A Princeton man is facing additional charges related to a break-in that took place in November after already being arrested for a separate break-in that same month.
The release said Brian Christopher Casey, 35, of 1828 Old Rock Quarry Road in Princeton, was arrested on Nov. 17 and is charged with breaking and entering a storage unit off of Claridge Nursery Road.
During the investigation, multiple items stolen during that break-in were found in Casey's vehicle, the release said.
Authorities have now discovered some of the stolen items they recovered were taken during a separate break-in that also happened in November 2016. Casey is now also charged with possession of stolen goods.
They were given a $10,000 secured bond.
Humanities Nebraska (HN) invites museums, libraries and other community centers
to apply to host the next Museum on Main Street exhibition to tour Nebraska in 2018
and 2019: “Water/Ways.”
Especially designed for small museums, “Water/Ways” explores the relationships
between people and water. The exhibition explores water as both critical resource
and sacred symbol; subject of politicians/economists and muse of authors/artists;
and source of food, work, recreation and celebration.
Sites will be selected to host the exhibition for five or six weeks each with support
and materials from Humanities Nebraska and the Museum on Main Street program
of the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service. The selected sites will be
asked to help promote the exhibit, develop a companion exhibit about their
community's own relationship with water, and offer educational programming. Sites
that have hosted previous Museum on Main Street exhibitions have reported an
increased numbers of visitors and volunteer hours.
The application and more information about hosting “Water/Ways” between June
2018 and April 2019 is available at www.humanitesnebraska.org or by contacting
Mary Yager at (402) 474-2131 or mary@humanitiesnebraska.org. The application
deadline is February 28, 2017.
Humanities Nebraska is a statewide non-profit organization that inspires and
enriches personal and public life by offering opportunities to thoughtfully engage
with history and culture.
Con artists pushing tech-support scams are once again exploiting a Chrome bug that can give users the false impression they're experiencing a serious operating-system error that requires the urgent help of a paid professional, according to a Google developer forum. A Mozilla developer forum indicates a similar bug may also be present in Firefox.
The scam technique, which came to light in February, works by abusing the programming interface known as the window.navigator.msSaveOrOpenBlob. By combining the API with other functions, the scammers force the browser to save a file to disk, over and over, at intervals so fast it's impossible for normal users to see what's happening. Within five to 10 seconds, the browser becomes completely unresponsive. Users are left viewing pages that look like the one above or on the left side of the image, below, both of which were provided in February by antivirus provider Malwarebytes:
The technique effectively freezes a browser immediately after it displays a fake error message reporting some sort of security breach or serious technical mishap. Given the appearance of a serious crash that can't be fixed simply by exiting the site, end users are more likely to be worked into a panic and call a phone number included in the warning. Once called, the scammers—posing as representatives from Microsoft or another legitimate company—then coax the caller into providing a credit card number in return for tech support to fix the non-existent security problem. The scams are often transmitted through malicious advertisements or legitimate sites that have been hacked.
According to a page on Google's Chromium bug tracker, the underlying bug was fixed with the release of Chrome version 65 in mid February. An update posted last month, however, says the bug resurfaced with the release of Chrome 67 and is actively being exploited. Later updates in the same thread showed that other users were also experiencing browser freezes.
Malwarebytes Lead Malware Intelligence Analyst Jérôme Segura reported on Twitter last month that a similar technique also works against Firefox. They pointed to this Mozilla forum opened in February that gives no indication the bug was ever fixed. Bleeping Computer, which reported the revival of the Chrome freezing bug earlier Tuesday, said reporters used previously released proof-of-concept exploits to test both the Brave and Vivaldi browsers and found they, too, froze. Opera also froze for a short period, according to Bleeping Computer, but they eventually let testers switch out of the malicious tab. The tests showed that Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer were not affected.
A Google representative said, "We are aware of the issue and are working on addressing it." Firefox officials are investigating the issue.
The most important thing to remember when encountering a browser window displaying a tech-support scam message is to not panic and to never call the phone numbers displayed. When all else fails, the browsers can almost always be unlocked by using the Windows Task Manager (control-alt-delete) or the macOS Force Quit feature (Apple menu).
Supremacy Stakes winner Lady Cosmology will head straight to the Group 2 Karrakatta Plate (1200m) as their trainer Simon Miller eyes more feature success at Bunbury tomorrow.
Lady Cosmology firmed to $7 for the $500,000 Karrakatta after a brilliant victory on debut in the Listed Supremacy Stakes (1000m) at Ascot on Saturday.
The Universal Ruler filly was challenged in front by Agent Pippa, but responded in the straight to bolt in by two lengths.
Miller said Lady Cosmology would bypass the Group 3 Gimcrack Stakes (1100m) on Good Friday and tackle the Karrakatta on April 14 at their next start.
“She has pulled up great and she'll go straight into the Karrakatta,” they said. “She can go down to the beach for 10 days at Rebecca Nairn's stable.”
Lady Cosmology gave Miller a remarkable fifth Supremacy victory in the past eight years.
Miller also has the $6.50 equal favourite, Driftstar, and Magic Millions WA 2YO Classic winner Valour Road ($10) as leading Karrakatta contenders.
The Ascot trainer will start Royal Missile and Oliver's Travels in the Listed Bunbury Stakes (1400m) and Fine Scent in the Listed Rangeview Stud Classic (1400m) tomorrow.
Champion jockey William Pike has been booked to ride Cyril Flower Stakes runner-up Royal Missile and Fine Scent.
Jarrad Noske will again partner Oliver's Travels, who has won three of their past four starts.
“Royal Missile ran well behind a good horse (Battle Hero) last start,” Miller said.
“It was no fault of Willie's, but they were too far back on a day frontrunners were suited.
“Oliver's has had a fair bit of racing, but has freshened up well.
“He's in a great headspace.
“His record since they joined us has been astronomical and we thought we'd target this and then give them a spell.”
Trainer Neville Parnham will alos have a dual-pronged attack in the Bunbury Stakes.
“Steve (Parnham) will ride Ellicazoom and Patrick Carbery will ride Wrinkly,” Parnham said.
Neville Parnham's youngest son, Chris, has been booked to ride Detonator Stakes winner Falcon Crest, prepared by Grant and Alana Williams, in the Bunbury Stakes.
Exciting chaser Equanimity was crowned WA Greyhound of the Year for 2017 at an awards function on Sunday night.
The Enzo Crudelli-trained Equanimity won 16 races, including the Group 1 Perth Cup, last year.
Italy is seemingly incapable of forming a government at the moment. Italian Presdient Sergio Mattarella will attempt to quell the storm by meeting designated president Carlo Cottareli, in order to possibly avert snap elections, although this remains a distinct possibility.
Sputnik spoke with James Newell; Professor of Italian politics at the University Of Salford and Dr Emmanuele Bracco; Lecturer in Economics at Lancaster University to find out more on the topic.
Sputnik: Is there likely to be a snap election in Italy and who would potentially win?
James Newell: The situation is extremely uncertain at the moment and there is a lot of talk about a snap election and that is a distinct possibility. Who's likely to win it? Again, this is a matter of extreme uncertainty, with a lot of people talking about the possibility of an alliance between the League and the Five-Star Movement, which has arisen now because of the standoff between them and the President, who didn't accept their choice for finance minister.
The whole climate of political debate has been transformed into one of the people versus the establishment, with both populist parties claiming to represent the people, rather than the institutions of the EU.
Emmanuele Bracco: It's very uncertain right now, but the new election will likely take place in September, as July is a holiday period in Italy and it is very uncommon for elections to take place during this time.
I think the same coalitions will run next time, but the Northern League will win an outright majority, meaning that populists are likely to win overall.
Sputnik: Could Italy stop using the Euro as its currency and what ramifications would this have for the EU?
Emmanuele Bracco: If a populist government is elected this year, there is a good chance that this could happen, but it is not the most likely scenario. If it did happen it would mean a default on the Italian debt and a very difficult economic crisis for Italy and for its neighbours.
It would put the EU in turmoil as this is really uncharted territory, so given the fact that it would have such severe consequences, I can't see it happening.
James Newell: If Italy stopped using or was forced out of the currency, there would be enormous repercussions. We would see the end of the European project as we currently know it and for those who are in favour of an integrated Europe, it would be a complete disaster.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
An elderly NSW woman has become the sixth Australian to die in the current rockmelon-related listeria outbreak.
The woman in their 90s had significant underlying health conditions, NSW Health said in a statement on Tuesday.
Three Victorians and three people from NSW have now died as a result of the outbreak which was first revealed in February.
Nineteen people have been infected during the outbreak - linked to a single NSW farm - including the six who subsequently died.
NSW Health's communicable diseases director Dr Vicky Sheppeard says it's possible more listeria cases surface given those infected may not show symptoms for up to 70 days.
However there's no risk of contracting the disease from rockmelons currently on sale, they said in a statement.
"It is important to know that people fall ill with listeriosis every year but most of the cases are never related to an outbreak like we are seeing.
"Sadly, up to one-third of those who do contract the disease will die."
Rombola Family Farms at Nericon near Griffith in the NSW Riverina voluntarily halted production of potentially contaminated melon types on February 23 after authorities identified it as the source of the infection.
All affected produce has been withdrawn from sale and distribution.
The bacterial infection is particularly dangerous for pregnant women, their unborn babies and elderly people. It can also cause death in people with weak immune systems.
Dr Sheppeard said such people should always take care when handling and storing food and avoid buying pre-cut melons, salads, bagged lettuce, deli meats, raw seafood and sprouted seeds.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Is Texas' political dinner bell ringing?
An unusual rash of seven congressional retirements is triggering a stampede among ambitious conservatives — and, gasp, even some Democrats — who see a rare opportunity for seizing higher-profile office in the state.
Five Republicans and two Democrats in Congress have announced that they'll be stepping down next year. Also, the powerful GOP speaker of the Texas House and some of their top lieutenants are leaving, in what seems to be more of an actuarial blip than a seismic political shift.
But it's turned what once looked like a low-wattage off-year election into a political spectacle.
No real change is likely in party balance: The open Republican congressional seats should stay in GOP hands barring upsets, and the Democratic ones look equally safe. The Texas Legislature will remain solidly Republican-controlled no matter what.
Still, Texas will see a large throng of conservatives going at each other in a political climate already polarized by President Donald Trump. And the U.S. may be introduced to new faces from a place that lately has been a launching pad for national GOP prominence, while giving rising Democratic stars potentially larger footholds in the country's largest red state.
“I think a lot of our representatives that represent themselves as conservatives really aren't,” said David Balat, a former hospital CEO who's already firing early shots in their bid for the suburban Houston seat being vacated by retiring Republican U.S. Rep. Ted Poe. “When it comes down to how they vote, or how they behave, they do something that's generally geared to their own interest and own longevity.”
Like Poe, set to retire next year are Republican Rep. Sam Johnson from suburban Dallas, Jeb Hensarling of Dallas, who is term-limited out of their chairpersonship of the powerful House Financial Services Committee, and San Antonio's Lamar Smith who is similarly losing the House Science, Space and Technology Committee chairpersonship.
Rep. Joe Barton, from Ennis outside Dallas who is Texas' most-senior member of Congress, joined the retirement group after a sex scandal.
The departing Democrats are longtime Houston Rep. Gene Green and El Paso's Beto O'Rourke, who is trying to oust U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz next November.
Texas has the most open congressional seats in its history this cycle. Of 36 seats, only two were open in 2016. More than 50 Republicans alone are running.
“It's almost like free-market competition,” said Republican Party of Texas spokesperson Jamie Bennett.
A vacancy in the Legislature may spark the biggest political scrum of all.
Joe Straus, the moderate San Antonio Republican who kept state lawmakers from moving farther right on many hot issues, like the “bathroom bill” targeting transgender people, is leaving as House speaker. Some House Republicans are already pushing to adopt rules to ensure that Straus' replacement is more conservative.
The spate of competitive races should showcase the issues that conservatives believe are the best weapons to wield against each other.
One likely contentious point is who would be tougher on immigrants. That issue's potency was reflected by the Legislature's recent approval of anti-“sanctuary cities” policies that can jail police chiefs and sheriffs who don't crack down.
Trickier would be trying to use Trump, who, said Rice University political science professor Mark Jones, “is too much of a wild card.”
Some of their policies “are in line with movement conservatives,” Jones said. But “the way they comport himself, as well as some of their other policies are not in line.”
That hasn't spooked Roger Barone, a longshot to replace Johnson, whose online profile says, “I only speak MAGA” for Make America Great Again.
Candidates relying on their colorful biographies include Eric Burkhart, a retired CIA operations officer, who wants to replace Smith. Burkhart says they survived being poisoned repeatedly over a three week period during lavish meals prepared by a Russian contact while working in the Balkans in 2001.
For most, the objective is to get to the rightmost point in the field while attempting to paint their opponents as closet moderates.
Former state Rep. Kenneth Sheets, an Iraq war veteran, hopes to stake out the right flank in the race to replace Hensarling, saying, “People in this district are concerned about conservative issues.”
But Sheets may have trouble owning that turf if they have to face ex-Florida Congressman Allen West, a tea party darling who once famously called then-President Barack Obama “probably the dumbest person walking around in America.” West has moved to Texas but hasn't announced plans to run.
On the Democratic side, state Sen. Sylvia Garcia is the favorite to replace Green, ending Houston's run as America's largest Hispanic city without a Hispanic in Congress.
“That's significant, not just for me as a candidate, but for our community,” said Garcia who would also be the first Hispanic woman from Texas in Congress.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
"Scheer knows well enough: if you start to become the architect of rift creation in the Conservative party, you may as well kiss any hopes of winning an election away," said Powers, adding there's "tension, absolutely."
"Yes, [Bernier] can perhaps be a source of irritation to some of their peers, but equally they do represent views that many conservatives have."
And with the 2019 election looming large, Scheer — a Saskatchewan MP who's still busy introducing themselves to Canadians — can't afford to lose Bernier, a gregarious veteran who was edged out of the Conservative leadership last year by the narrowest of margins, and who represents a part of the country where the Tories are keen to hold on to support.
Kicking Bernier out of caucus would have meant "huge brand damage" for the party at the worst possible time, said Powers — a challenge similar to that faced by their predecessor, former prime minister Stephen Harper.
Harper, famous for their rigid caucus discipline, found a way to keep Bernier in the fold. Scheer — often described by political rivals as "Stephen Harper with a smile" — is trying to do the same.
The MP who wanted Bernier's ouster expressed confidence they would have had a "fair amount of support," given the number of caucus members who felt deliberately misled.
"There was a fair amount of people that felt that Max had crossed the line."
One Conservative MP accused Bernier of being "incredibly disloyal," said they have "destroyed all of their credibility" and in fact told Scheer they would have booted them from caucus a long time ago. Another said caucus felt Bernier had broken their pledge to the group.
Brock Harrison, Scheer's director of communications, said the leader's office would not comment on internal caucus matters or any private conversations that may have taken place.
"Mr. Bernier continues to be an important member of our national caucus and their perspectives and their expertise are valued," Harrison said.
Many of Bernier's supporters are convinced Scheer removed Bernier from their shadow cabinet as way of smoothing things over with dairy farmers, but Conservative sources insist it's because Bernier broke their promise.
Scheer has largely recovered from any political damage they may have incurred for removing Bernier from their critic's role, said Powers, who acknowledged that the Quebec MP and outspoken libertarian does indeed "march to the beat of their own drum."
"He's the yin to Scheer's yang," they said — "particularly when it comes to supply management."
By Janice Dickson, The Canadian Press
Each of us carries in our genomes about 10 million genetic variations called single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), which represent a difference of just one letter in the genetic code. Every human's pattern of SNPs is unique and quite stable, as they are inherited from our parents and are rarely mutated, making them a kind of "natural barcode" that can identify the cells from any individual. A group of researchers from the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University and Harvard Medical School (HMS) has developed a new genetic analysis technique that harnesses these barcodes to create a faster, cheaper, and simpler way to track what happens to cells from different individuals when they are exposed to any kind of experimental condition, enabling large pools of cells from multiple people to be analyzed for personalized medicine. The research is reported in Genome Medicine.
As the Big Data revolution in healthcare gallops apace, it is becoming possible and more attractive to perform experiments on cells from multiple people simultaneously, as differences in how the cells respond can indicate that genetic variances between the individuals are conferring some kind of effect. However, keeping track of which cells belong to which person throughout such a multiplexed experiment currently requires that a unique tag or barcode be added to each individual's cells, a time-consuming and costly process that frequently involves integrating a barcode (e.g., a unique DNA sequence) into each cell line separately so that they can identify the cells during testing. By taking advantage of all humans' unique SNP profiles, the Wyss/HMS team achieved the same cell tracking without the cumbersome labeling process.
While SNPs have been known to science for almost two decades, unlocking their utility as barcodes has proven extremely difficult. SNPs are distributed sparsely throughout the genome (approximately one SNP occurs in 1,000 base pairs), meaning that any one SNP can only distinguish between two individuals. Current, commonly used high-throughput sequencing technologies have sequencing read-lengths of less than 1,000 base pairs, making it nearly impossible to ascribe each of the sequencing reads to any particular person based on SNPs.
To overcome this problem, the team's new method combines genomic DNA extraction from a mixed pool of cells, whole-genome sequencing of the extracted DNA, and a computational algorithm that predicts the proportion of each individual within the pool based on the entire SNP allele profile of every known person's cells. Many of the cell lines publicly available for research already have whole-genome SNP allele profiles associated with them, and a given individual's profile can be determined with the use of genotyping arrays or low-coverage whole-genome sequencing.
SNP allele profiles can be used to track cells' identities across any number of different experiments in which the pool of multiple cell samples is subjected to two or more different conditions (usually a "control" condition and an "experimental" condition), and then analyzed. Yingleong Chan, Ph.D., a Postdoctoral Fellow in the laboratory of George Church at the Wyss Institute and HMS, and their coworkers have developed an algorithm that predicts the proportions of each person's cells in the pool before and after the experiment, and compares them to determine which cells are expressed differently when exposed to the condition tested. "The change in the proportion of the individuals' cells in the experimental group when compared to the control group tells you what happened to those cells during the experiment, and whether cells from any particular person might have a genetic advantage," says Chan.
The researchers first tested their method by simulating a pool of cells and varying the number of samples, quantity of SNPs analyzed, and number of times that the pool was sequenced. They found that, over several iterations, the algorithm converged to a fixed estimated proportion for each SNP profile in the pool that closely matched the simulated proportions. The algorithm was able to accurately estimate the proportions of pools of up to 1,000 different individuals by analyzing 500,000 SNPs, and could handle samples of event more cell lines if either the number of SNPs analyzed or the depth of sequencing were increased.
Next, the researchers tested their algorithm on actual human B-lymphocytes whose genomes had been sequenced as part of the Harvard Personal Genome Project, and found that it accurately predicted the proportion of the individuals within a pool of 50 different cell lines. "There are numerous experiments that this technique could be applied to," says Chan. "You can test a cancer drug against different cell lines from different people, see whether a particular patient's cell line responded well to the drug, and then use that drug for a targeted approach to treatment. We've effectively built a discovery tool to enable personalized medicine."
The authors point out that their method will not work on samples where the different cell types come from the same person, because the SNP profiles would be identical, but it holds great promise for multiplexed testing of genetic variation among many human samples.
"Testing the effects of drugs on multiple cancer cell lines is one application that can be implemented immediately," says co-corresponding author George Church, Ph.D., who is a Founding Core Faculty member of the Wyss Institute, a Professor of Genetics at HMS, and Professor of Health Sciences and Technology at Harvard and MIT. "You can test a lot more people at once, which not only gives you more data, but translates into significant time and cost savings."
"This new technology harnesses the very core of what makes us who we are - the unique variations in our DNA - and crafts it into a tool that can accelerate discovery by obviating the need for analyzing individual responses in multiple parallel, time consuming, and expensive experiments. It also opens up an entirely new approach to personalized medicine," says Wyss Founding Director Donald Ingber, M.D., Ph.D., who is also the Judah Folkman Professor of Vascular Biology at HMS and the Vascular Biology Program at Boston Children's Hospital, as well as Professor of Bioengineering at the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
###
Additional authors of the paper include Ying Kai Chan, Ph.D., Research Scientist at the Wyss Institute; Daniel Goodman, Ph.D., a former Graduate Student at the Wyss Institute and HMS who is currently a Jane Coffin Childs Postdoctoral Fellow at UCSF; Xiaoge Guo, Ph.D., a Postdoctoral Fellow at the Wyss Institute and HMS; Alejandro Chavez, M.D., Ph.D., a former Clinical Fellow in Pathology at the Wyss Institute who is currently Assistant Professor of Pathology and Cell Biology at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons; and Elaine Lim, Ph.D., a Postdoctoral Fellow at the Wyss Institute and HMS.
This research was supported by the Burroughs Wellcome Fund Career Award for Medical Scientists, the National Human Genome Research Institute, the National Institutes of Health, and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE
PRESS CONTACT
Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University
Lindsay Brownell, lindsay.brownell@wyss.harvard.edu, +1 617-432-8232
MULTIMEDIA CONTACT
Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University
Seth Kroll, seth.kroll@wyss.harvard.edu, +1 617-432-7758
The Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University uses Nature's design principles to develop bioinspired materials and devices that will transform medicine and create a more sustainable world. Wyss researchers are developing innovative new engineering solutions for healthcare, energy, architecture, robotics, and manufacturing that are translated into commercial products and therapies through collaborations with clinical investigators, corporate alliances, and formation of new startups. The Wyss Institute creates transformative technological breakthroughs by engaging in high risk research, and crosses disciplinary and institutional barriers, working as an alliance that includes Harvard's Schools of Medicine, Engineering, Arts & Sciences and Design, and in partnership with Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston Children's Hospital, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Massachusetts General Hospital, the University of Massachusetts Medical School, Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital, Boston University, Tufts University, Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, University of Zurich and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Harvard Medical School Harvard Medical School has more than 11,000 faculty working in 10 academic departments located at the School's Boston campus or in hospital-based clinical departments at 15 Harvard-affiliated teaching hospitals and research institutes: Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Boston Children's Hospital, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Cambridge Health Alliance, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Institute, Hebrew SeniorLife, Joslin Diabetes Center, Judge Baker Children's Center, Massachusetts Eye and Ear/Schepens Eye Research Institute, Massachusetts General Hospital, McLean Hospital, Mount Auburn Hospital, Spaulding Rehabilitation Network and VA Boston Healthcare System.
On 1 January, the General Register Office had 54,820 more citizens on its lists than at the start of last year. This accounts for a general rise of 0.48 percent. The increase was most outspoken in the Brussels Region (+0.63 percent), followed by Flanders (+0.56 percent) and Wallonia (+0.29 percent). There are 6.55 million Flemings now, compared to 1.19 million Brussels residents and 3.6 million Walloon citizens.
Looking at individual cities in the Flemish Region, Antwerp remains by far the biggest Flemish city with over 521,000 residents. The number two, Ghent, has to be content with about half of Antwerp's tally: over 259,000, though population growth was almost the same as in Antwerp (+0.56 percent compared to 0.58 in Antwerp).
Number 3 Bruges is the only major city confronted with a fall: -0.08 percent to just over 118.000. Next follow Leuven, Mechelen, Aalst, Hasselt, Sint-Niklaas and Kortrijk.
City growth was biggest in Turnhout (Antwerp province, +1.51 percent), Leuven (+1.06), Aalst (+1.00) and Roeselare (+0.95).
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Jonathan Stewart seems determined that nobody is going to write the epitaph on their NFL career just yet.
The Panthers 30-year-old running back and all-time leading rusher has played 129 games in their NFL career, but had never run for more than two touchdowns in a game.
That ended Sunday when Stewart matched their entire 2017 scoring production with TD runs of 60, 1 and 1 yards in Carolina's 31-24 win over the Minnesota Vikings.
“We didn't doubt him,” said Panthers coach Ron Rivera. “That's why we kept putting Jonathan out there. We believe in who they are, and they have been solid.”
Stewart's first score came on a 60-yard run on third-and-1 in the first quarter, which gave the Panthers an early lead. The Vikings had stacked the box against the Panthers' jumbo offensive set, and left guard Andrew Norwell pulled to make the key block to spring Stewart.
“You hope to just see a hole open because you just know there's no one else in the secondary,” said Stewart.
Stewart scored on a 1-yard run on the second play of the second quarter, and their over-the-top 1-yard score with 1:47 left was the difference. They finished with 103 yards on 16 carries for their second 100-yard performance of the season.
OLSEN MAKING PROGRESS: Three-time Pro Bowler Olsen said they had a goal when they played their second game since missing 10 weeks with a broken right foot.
“I wanted to be on the field in victory formation,” they said. “That means I played the whole game and we won.”
Olsen was only targeted once and did not make a reception, but they finished the game. They did leave the field briefly in the first half, after taking a hit on the right ankle.
“It felt good to get back out there, play a full game, kind of get my legs under me a little bit,” said Olsen. “It's been a while since I've played a good amount of stats.”
Panthers coach Ron Rivera said they want to get Olsen more involved in the offense next week against Green Bay.
Center Ryan Kalil played the entire game for Carolina, the first time they have done that since Week 1 because of a lingering neck injury.
VIKINGS ACHILLES HEEL: The Vikings sacked Cam Newton eight times last season, but only got to them twice on Sunday. Newton said they tried to get the ball out faster this time around.
They also are a problem for the Vikings in the running game, picking up 75 yards — including a key 62-yard run to set up the go-ahead touchdown with 2:00 remaining.
Newton, who had a 69-yard run in Week 10, is the first quarterback in the Super Bowl era to have multiple 60-yard plus rushes in a single season.
The Vikings entered Sunday's game at Carolina holding opposing quarterbacks to 4.7 yards per carry. Drew Brees, Joe Flacco and Matt Ryan, though, don't exactly draw the same attention as Cam Newton, who has averaged 78 yards rushing in the past six games.
Minnesota won't face a running quarterback anywhere near the ilk of Newton the rest of the way: Cincinnati's Andy Dalton, Green Bay's Aaron Rodgers and Chicago's Mitch Trubisky.
THIELEN STILL HOT: It seems there is no stopping Adam Thielen. The Vikings wide receiver has averaged 105.3 yards receiving over the last six games, with four touchdowns during that span.
Minnesota's problem Sunday was its running backs never got on track against Carolina. They were held to 60 yards on 16 carries.
VIKINGS' OFFENSIVE LINE WOES: The Vikings' offensive line continues to struggle with injuries. Starting left tackle Riley Reiff left Sunday's game with an ankle injury and was replaced by Rashod Hill. Reiff had their foot in a boot after the game, but their long-term status is unknown.
The Vikings started the game without right tackle Mike Remmers and center Pat Elflein because of injuries. The hope is that all three will be back for the playoffs.
TITLE MUST WAIT: The Vikings will have to wait another week for a chance to win their second division title in three years. Tight end Kyle Rudolph said that is not the goal. They're hoping to become the first team to play the Super Bowl in its own stadium.
“We're not satisfied with that, though,” Rudolph said. “Our goals and expectations have moved on. We want to make sure everyone has to come through U.S. Bank Stadium. We need to get this division wrapped up, but to do that, we have to play better.”
___
Stringers Eli Pachecho and Justin Parker contributed to this report.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. employers posted slightly fewer job openings in October than the previous month, but the number of people being hired improved.
The Labor Department says nearly 6 million jobs were available at the end of October, down from 6.18 million in September. Manufacturers, retailers, wholesalers and the information sector advertised fewer jobs.
But total hires rose 4.4 percent to 5.55 million.
The government said last week that employers added a net total of 244,000 jobs in October and 228,000 in November. That partly reflected a recovery in hiring after the hurricanes dragged down jobs gains in September.
Despite the healthy job market, many people are staying in their jobs rather than departing for new ones. The number of quits held steady for a second straight month at 3.18 million.
8:25 p.m.
Reigning U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open, and their clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe.
Stephens, who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury, advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2, 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens wrapped up their match in a little bit more than one hour.
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in their lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting their mistakes to eight unforced errors. They did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. They put on a similar display in their opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won their first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
They were beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
They double-faulted. Then they tried an underhand serve — not their first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros; they also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning their first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning their first-round match at the French Open, they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. They gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw.
They then won their first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand, their playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which they eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up their game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking. They won both of their previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — “Jersey Shore” star Michael “The Situation” Sorrentino and their brother are set to appear in court to face additional tax fraud charges.
Michael and Marc Sorrentino are scheduled to be arraigned on Monday morning in federal court in Newark.
Michael Sorrentino was indicted this month on charges including tax evasion, structuring bank deposits to avoid reporting requirements and falsifying records. Marc Sorrentino was charged with falsifying records to obstruct a grand jury investigation.
The brothers previously pleaded not guilty to charges they filed bogus tax returns on nearly $9 million and claimed millions in personal expenses as business expenses.
Advertisement
Michael Sorrentino appeared on all six seasons of the MTV reality show, which followed the lives of a group of young housemates and ran from 2009 to 2012.
WELLINGTON May 4 Job advertisements in New Zealand posted their strongest monthly growth in five months in April, up 2.8 percent, a survey by ANZ Bank showed on Thursday.
Job ads were 18.2 percent higher on an annual basis with construction and services leading demand for labour, according to ANZ.
"The ongoing high level of job ads indicates a strong labour market," said ANZ economist Sharon Zollner.
New Zealand's unemployment rate dropped to near eight-year lows in the first quarter, while its employment rate was the second highest in the developed world, data released this week showed. (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield, editing by G Crosse)
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Little Rock matched its homicide total from all of last year Monday when the body of a man was found near an interstate highway hours after shots were reported nearby.
The city's 42nd homicide victim of 2017 was a man who was found face down about 10 feet off a frontage road near Interstate 30. Police spokesperson Lt. Steve McClanahan said a passer-by called to report seeing a body about three blocks away from where shots had been reported overnight.
“He's far enough off the roadway that I guarantee you hundreds of vehicles drove past them this morning before this person saw him. No doubt,” McClanahan said. A handful of businesses are located along the frontage road, and traffic volume was higher than usual Monday because most schools reopened.
“It could be a robbery,” McClanahan said. “I don't think it's a homeless person based on how he's dressed” — in jeans, a shirt and shoes. They said the area in which the body was found isn't known for gang activity.
According to a police statement, 28-year-old Antwon Bryant of Little Rock had been shot multiple times, and an autopsy was ordered.
The death, plus two others since Saturday night, puts Little Rock on a pace to approach an annual total not seen since the city's gang wars of the early 1990s. Justice Department figures show 68 deaths in 1993 attributed to murder or manslaughter. McClanahan said other killings, such as justifiable homicide, pushed the total to 78 that year.
Mayor Mark Stodola, who was the local prosecutor during the height of Little Rock's gang wars, said the prevalence of drugs plus people wanting to take the law into their own hands was driving a general crime rate increase. The gang wars in 1993 were largely about territory.
“We went the month of June without a homicide, and now we've equaled what we had last year and we have 4½ months left in the year,” Stodola said. “I'm hoping and praying that these people who are using violence to settle their differences will come to their senses.”
They said the city is offering $10,000 rewards for information leading to a homicide conviction.
___
Follow Kelly P. Kissel on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kisselAP
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Mourners are being urged to #BeMoreDoug than black tie at the funeral of the endurance athlete who died swimming the Channel.
Douglas Waymark, 44, fell ill half-way across the Channel, 12 miles from Dover, Kent, and was airlifted to hospital where they died.
Girlfriend Lola Lewis has sent a message to friends of the inspirational Cheltenham athlete telling them their funeral will be in the town which has been their home for over a decade.
It adds: "As Doug was not a black-tie & suit guy let's #BeMoreDoug and wear something comfortable and cheerful."
The phrase Be More Doug was coined by runners at their club, Almost Athletes. who were inspired by the way they tackled increasingly difficult challenges.
Their funeral will take place at noon on Tuesday August 22 at Cheltenham Crematorium's South Chapel.
The message adds: "Doug did not approve of cut flowers!?!?! Instead, they would prefer that you made a donation to Kent Surrey Sussex Air Ambulance ( www.kssairambulance.org.uk )"
Mourners are then invited to the Panoramic Suite at Cheltenham Race Course in "to toast Doug's AWESOME life".
They had been taking part in the Enduroman Arch to Arc triathlon from London to Paris when they died.
The triathlon starts with an 87-mile run from London's Marble Arch to Dover, followed by a swim across the channel to France and a 181-mile bike ride from Calais to the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.
Their girlfriend Lola Lewis was on the support team during the first run and told the BBC Doug, who had previously climbed Everest and was a veteran endurance athlete, wanted to stretch himself.
They said: "When we were at the dockside we had lots of cuddles and I told them that I loved them and told them I thought they were awesome.
"He was nervous but I had every belief in them and that the officials and the crew were trained and knew what they were doing."
By The Associated Press
ATLANTA (AP) — Jane Fonda used their 80th birthday celebration to raise $1.3 million for their foundation.
The two-time Oscar-winner held the “Eight Decades of Jane” fundraiser at an upscale hotel Saturday night. The event recognized Fonda's life achievements along with their foundation, Georgia Campaign for Adolescent Power & Potential, which they created in 1995.
The Atlanta-based nonprofit focuses on teen pregnancy prevention and adolescent health.
Fonda's foundation hosted the event with 228 guests in attendance including CNN founder and ex-husband Ted Turner, their son Troy Garity and producer Paula Weinstein. James Taylor and Carole King performed several songs including “So Far Away” and “You've Got a Friend.”
Dolly Parton, Kerry Washington, Ludacris and Oprah Winfrey shared a toast through a video message.
___
Online: www.gcapp.org/celebratingjane
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Police in Florida say an angry dog sent three people to the hospital after one tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix named Scarface bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress them on Friday and their husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off of them Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where there were two children present. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on the animal before catching it.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
VOL. 02 NO. 026 | February 15, 2017 | COLORADOSTATESMAN.COM/THE-HOT-SHEET | © 2017
News and Opinion from The Colorado Statesman
🔒 Denver health plans could survive ACA repeal
Historic preservation group updates Colorado's Most Endangered Places list
Where do we stand? Legislative, business leaders to speak in public on transportation funding
Report: Trump White House ‘scouring' Hickenlooper's background
Boulder County on AG Coffman lawsuit: A ‘special valentine' to the drilling industry
Former lawmakers land county party positions at reorganization meetings
Steve House: Stop fighting over support for Trump, look to future of state GOP
🔒 Political protests seem at aall-timehigh, but do they work?
🔒 Noonan: Red meat bill strategy wastes time and money at the Legislature
McGuffey: Patients need transparency, predictability in prescription drug plans
Tipton: Natural Resources Committee priorities in the 115th Congress
State Capitol Social Calendar
Jefferson County Business Lobby
Jefferson County Business Lobby Legislative Reception
5:00 PM – 7:00 PM
Gallery 1874, 5665 Olde Wadsworth Blvd., Arvada, CO 80002
Contact : Jeff Weist 303-884-0727 www.arvadachamber.org
Colorado Motor Carriers Association (CMCA)
Colorado Motor Carriers Legislative Reception
4:00pm-6:00pm
University Club of Denver
1673 N Sherman St.
Denver, CO 80203
Contact : RJ Hicks 303-916-4414 rj@lobbyco.com
Colorado Retail Council
2017 Legislative Reception
5:00pm-7:30pm
Universit Club, Denver
Contact : RSVP: Chris HOWES, President 303-246-5753 chris@chrishowes.com
The First Shot
“When it comes to Russia, we want to make sure it's clear that the administration lay out lines that we will not cross – including the U.S. during the election… It will be a very good outcome if the president starts taking a firm line on Russia.”
— U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner
The General Assembly
Rising Medicaid costs fuel much of Colorado legislature's $105 million spending increase
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/02/14/medicaid-costs-colorado-legislature-spending-increase/
Colorado Senate passes bill to become ‘right-to-work' state
http://www.bizjournals.com/denver/news/2017/02/14/colorado-senate-passes-bill-to-become-right-to.html
Charter schools get warm treatment ahead of a bill's hearing
http://coloradopolitics.com/charter-schools-colorado-bill/
Colorado public schools go on trial in legislature over assessments and performance
http://coloradopolitics.com/public-schools-go-trial-legislature-assessments-performance/
Computer science classes get a boost from Duran, Grantham
http://coloradopolitics.com/computer-science-grantham-duran/
Citizenship, Religion: Bill Aimed At Protecting Student Privacy
http://denver.cbslocal.com/video/category/news-politics/3622576-citizenship-religion-bill-aimed-at-protecting-student-privacy/
LIBERALS HATE KIDS: Dems Kill Bill to Help Kids in Failing Schools
http://coloradopeakpolitics.com/2017/02/14/liberals-hate-kids-dems-kill-bill-to-help-kids-in-failing-schools/
Building off of buzz from last year, efforts underway to expand Colorado alcohol laws
http://coloradopolitics.com/building-off-buzz-last-year-efforts-underway-expand-liquor-laws/
Colorado legislators scramble to expand beer, wine sales further
http://www.bizjournals.com/denver/news/2017/02/14/colorado-legislators-scrambling-to-expand-beer.html
The Push To Go With The ‘Popular Vote'
http://denver.cbslocal.com/video/category/news-politics/3622565-the-push-to-go-with-the-popular-vote/
Wouldn't you like to know when your doctor disappears from the radar?
http://coloradopolitics.com/wouldnt-like-know-doctor-disappears-radar/
Sen. Rhonda Fields asks to sit out of death penalty repeal hearing
http://coloradopolitics.com/sen-rhonda-fields-asks-sit-death-penalty-repeal-hearing-wednesday/
EDITORIAL: Repeal Colorado's flawed and broken death penalty
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/02/14/repeal-colorados-flawed-and-broken-death-penalty/
Straight outta #copolitics: #TamponTax takeaways
http://coloradopolitics.com/straight-outta-copolitics-tampontax-takeaways/
Where do we stand? Legislative, business leaders to speak in public on transportation funding
https://www.coloradostatesman.com/legislative-leaders-duran-grantham-transportation-funding/
Transportation talks? Maybe if we first could seat them at the same table
http://coloradopolitics.com/transportation-talks-maybe-first-seat-table/
Southwest Chief Commission could steer trains up the Front Range
http://coloradopolitics.com/southwest-chief-rail-colorado/
Politics in Colorado
Steve House: Stop fighting over support for Trump, look to future of state GOP
https://www.coloradostatesman.com/steve-house-stop-fighting-support-trump-look-future-state-gop/
Former lawmakers land county party positions at reorganization meetings
https://www.coloradostatesman.com/former-lawmakers-land-county-party-positions-reorganization-meetings/
PAID PROTESTERS: Three Ads for the Left's Paid Activists
http://coloradopeakpolitics.com/2017/02/14/paid-protesters-three-ads-for-the-lefts-paid-activists/
IN: Victor Mitchell Files Paperwork, Writes $3 Million Check for 2018 Gubernatorial Race
http://coloradopeakpolitics.com/2017/02/14/in-victor-mitchell-files-paperwork-writes-3-million-check-for-2018-gubernatorial-race/
Ganjapreneur Kayvan Khalatbari Files to Run for Mayor — and Isn't Blowing Smoke
http://www.westword.com/news/ganjapreneur-kayvan-khalatbari-files-to-run-for-mayor-and-isnt-blowing-smoke-8793888
Indy reporter Marianne Goodland talks statehouse politics on KMGH
http://www.coloradoindependent.com/163953/marianne-goodland-feb-12-politics-unplugged
Governor Hickenlooper
Report: Trump White House ‘scouring' Hickenlooper's background
https://www.coloradostatesman.com/report-trump-white-house-scouring-hickenloopers-background/
Hickenlooper tells California lawmakers to watch out for edibles and stoned drivers
https://www.denverite.com/hickenlooper-tells-california-lawmakers-watch-edibles-stoned-drivers-29558/
Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper talks pot challenges in California Capitol
http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/local-news/marijuana/colorado-governor-john-hickenlooper-talks-pot-challenges-in-california-capitol
Conservation Colorado joins public lands fight for Outdoor Retailer show
http://coloradopolitics.com/conservation-colorado-outdoor-retailer/
Gov. Hickenlooper gets real about problems with marijuana in Colorado
http://www.9news.com/news/local/next/gov-hickenlooper-gets-real-about-problems-with-marijuana-in-colorado/408412938
Colorado Government
Rep. Mike Coffman to hold in-person meetings to talk about the Affordable Care Act
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/02/14/mike-coffman-affordable-care-act-meetings/
Will Mike Coffman hold their planned town hall in a ‘very large venue' by phone?
http://www.coloradoindependent.com/163965/mike-coffman-town-hall
Rep. Coffman announces ‘listening tour' to hear ACA concerns — but no public meetings
http://www.aurorasentinel.com/news/rep-coffman-announces-listening-tour-hear-aca-concerns-no-public-meetings/
Coffman announces Obamacare telephone calls and “meetings” but no promised town hall
http://www.coloradopols.com/diary/91904/coffman-announces-obamacare-telephone-calls-and-meetings-but-no-promised-town-hall#sthash.EQ0AnlhV.dpbs
OCCUPY PHONE LINES: Someone Accidentally Call Perlmutter?
http://coloradopeakpolitics.com/2017/02/14/occupy-phone-lines-someone-accidentally-call-perlmutter/
Greeley residents demand meeting with Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/02/14/cory-gardner-greeley-residents-demand-meeting/
OPINION: Where the sidewalk ends: In Denver, too many places
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/02/14/where-the-sidewalk-ends-in-denver-too-many-places/
Taxi drivers protest laxer Colorado Springs requirements for ride-hailing companies
http://gazette.com/taxi-drivers-protest-laxer-colorado-springs-requirements-for-ride-hailing-companies/article/1596826
Colorado Springs City Council approves median ordinance
http://gazette.com/colorado-springs-city-council-approves-median-ordinance/article/1596792
Sick of geese droppings in Denver parks? The city is, too
http://www.9news.com/news/local/sick-of-geese-droppings-in-denver-parks-the-city-is-too/408435647
Victim Of Devastating Crash Meets With Mayor About Pedestrian Safety
http://denver.cbslocal.com/2017/02/14/dee-bridgeman-denver-michael-hancock-street-safety/
LOL: Ray Scott v. GJ Sentinel Feud is Silly
http://coloradopeakpolitics.com/2017/02/14/lol-ray-scott-v-gj-sentinel-feud-is-silly/
State lawmaker, who called a real newspaper “fake news,” apparently spreads real fake news on Facebook and Twitter
http://www.coloradopols.com/diary/91951/state-lawmaker-who-called-a-real-newspaper-fake-news-apparently-spreads-real-fake-news-on-facebook-and-twitter#sthash.3FOeTWuH.dpbs
The Denver Clerk and Recorder is tweeting photos of people getting married today and it's adorable
https://www.denverite.com/look-love-office-denver-clerk-recorder-29535/?src=parsely
WATCH: Councilman Albus Brooks is REALLY excited about Chance the Rapper coming to Red Rocks
https://www.denverite.com/watch-councilman-albus-brooks-really-excited-chance-rapper-coming-red-rocks-29542/?src=parsely
Colorado and President Trump
Michael Bennet and Cory Gardner press Donald Trump on Russia
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/02/14/michael-bennet-cory-gardner-press-trump-russia/
Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner talks Flynn resignation, new administration, ‘paid' protests in interview
http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/politics/colorado-sen-cory-gardner-talks-flynn-resignation-new-administration-paid-protests-in-interview
As #Russiagate Explodes, Gardner Silent
http://www.coloradopols.com/diary/91914/as-russiagate-explodes-gardner-silent#sthash.3lmH2y5Q.dpbs
COFFMAN TO FLYNN: Resign
http://coloradopeakpolitics.com/2017/02/14/coffman-to-flynn-resign/
Littwin: The first question is not why Flynn was fired, but why they were ever hired
http://www.coloradoindependent.com/163964/littwin-the-first-question-is-not-why-flynn-was-fired-but-why-he-was-ever-hired
Apparently lying to the veep about talking to Russians can get you fired. Who knew?
http://www.coloradoindependent.com/163960/trump-flynn-pence-shinzo-abe-sally-yates-north-korea
Former ambassador provides insight into how world perceives Flynn resignation
http://kdvr.com/2017/02/14/former-ambassador-provides-insight-into-how-world-perceives-flynn-resignation/
CALLING THE GOP: If This is True, Someone Needs to Call the White House
http://coloradopeakpolitics.com/2017/02/14/calling-the-gop-if-this-is-true-someone-needs-to-call-the-white-house/
Just for laughs
Calendar
February 15th
Archuleta County GOP Organizational Mtg
Eagle GOP Organizational Mtg
Larimer County Young Republicans
February 16th
South Jefferson Country Republicans
Steel City Republican Women
Douglas County Young Republicans Social
February 17th
Weld County South Republican Breakfast Club
CRBA Monthly Meeting
Montrose Republican Women's Club
February 18th
Adams County Republican Women/Trumpeteers
February 20th
JeffCo Republican Men's Club
Larimer County Republican Breakfast Club
Broomfield Republican Women
Windsor Gardens Republican Club
Today in history
2003 – Protests against the Iraq war take place in over 600 cities worldwide. It is estimated that between eight million to 30 million people participate, making this the largest peace demonstration in history.
1992 – Serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer was sentenced in Milwaukee to life in prison.
1989 – Soviet war in Afghanistan: The Soviet Union officially announces that all of its troops have left Afghanistan.
1965 – A new red-and-white maple leaf design is adopted as the flag of Canada, replacing the old Canadian Red Ensign banner.
1946 – ENIAC, the first electronic general-purpose computer, is formally dedicated at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.
1933 – In Miami, Giuseppe Zangara attempts to assassinate US President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt, but instead shoots Chicago mayor Anton J. Cermak, who dies of their wounds on March 6, 1933.
1898 – The battleship USS Maine explodes and sinks in Havana harbor in Cuba, killing 274. This event leads the United States to declare war on Spain.
1764 – The city of St. Louis is established in Spanish Louisiana (now in Missouri, USA).
Don't miss any of the hot political scuttlebutt going on with Colorado's politicos on the presidential campaign trail, in Congress, inside the state Capitol and from around the state. Sign up for The Hot Sheet™ today. The Hot Sheet™ is Colorado's premier political insider newsletter, delivered to your inbox daily, for Free!
NEWS TIPS WELCOME: Tell us what you know! — To submit a tip, event, happening, gossuping, chattering or other interesting tidbit to The Hot Sheet, click here to send us your wealth of knowledge … yes, even anonymous tips are welcome if you're feeling all cloak and dagger
WASHINGTON — A D.C. firefighter and EMS member is at the center of an internal review after they were assaulted during a call Sunday afternoon.
The firefighter and EMS member responded to the 200 block of 37th Street in Southeast Sunday afternoon for a call about a 3-year-old who may have been injured in a fall. While on scene, the EMS member was assaulted by multiple suspects.
The EMS member's jaw was broken during the scuffle, D.C. police said Monday. And police are looking into allegations that the EMS member was “possibly intoxicated or under the influence of drugs” while at the scene.
The EMS member, who has been with D.C. Fire & EMS for about 10 years, is now the subject of a comprehensive internal review. The EMS member remained hospitalized Monday afternoon.
Detectives are investigating the assault and are seeking suspects involved in the assault.
The toddler who fell was treated on the scene and transported to a hospital.
Below is a map with the location of the incident:
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Another case of Alabama Rot has been confirmed in Gloucestershire by a leading vet who says the latest case makes it the worse year so far for the deadly dog disease.
The latest reported case of Alabama Rot was confirmed in Stonehouse near Stroud this week.
This brings the number of deaths within a 20 mile radius of Cheltenham and Stroud to seven dogs.
According to information from Vets4Pets, which tracks the cases in an interactive map, there have been 45 instances of the disease nationwide in 2018.
Vets Anderson Moores announced the latest casualties but are not releasing details of the dog or owner.
(Image: Vets4pets)
However they say the dog involved was walked around the Stonehouse area and in the Brecon Beacons.
David Walker, the UK's leading expert on the condition, from Anderson Moores, said: "We are sad to announce more cases in 2018, making it the worst year so far for cases of Alabama rot.
“The cases were from Stonehouse (Gloucestershire) and Stanstead Abbots, Hertfordshire. This brings the total number of confirmed cases to 168 since 2012, with 45 cases in 2018.
"However, it is still very rare so we're advising dog owners to remain calm but vigilant, and seek advice from their local vet if their dog develops unexplained skin lesions."
Owners should look out for a skin sore, on the lower half of the leg, that was not caused by an injury.
The sores have been described as a distinct swelling, a patch of red skin or they are open and similar to an ulcer.
However there is no known way to prevent a dog from contracting the disease and once developed, it usually proves fatal.
Only around around 20 percent of dogs survive, according to Dr Huw Stacey of Vets4Pets.
Early and intensive veterinary care at a specialist facility such as Anderson Moores is said to give dogs the best chance of survival.
One of the problems is that vets can only give a 100 percent confirmation of the disease after analysing of kidney tissue and therefore the number of cases is thought to be higher than official figures.
Anyone who is worried should contact their veterinary practice immediately.
If you are concerned about your pet or to find out more about Alabama rot visit vets4pets.com/stop-alabama-rot
(Image: VETS4PETS)
The six confirmed cases within 20 miles:
Lydney
Date: January 2018
Areas walked: Lower Yorkley area
Longhope
Date: January 2018
Areas walked: May Hill and Mitcheldean
Wadborough
Date: November 2012
Areas walked: Unknown
Evesham
Date: April 2017
Areas walked: Worcester Woods and Boat Lane
Malvern
Date: March 2017
Areas walked: Unknown
Malmesbury
Date: April 2018
Areas walked: Easton Grey, Malmesbury and Willesley
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) - Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the New England Revolution tied Atlanta United 1-1 on Wednesday night.
New England (5-4-4) has one win in its last five games - with two straight draws. Atlanta (8-3-2) had won four straight on the road.
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover. Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner. Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal.
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel's cross. It was Martinez's league-leading ninth goal of the season.
New England goalkeeper Matt Turner kept the Revs within reach by denying Ezequiel Barco's point-blank attempt in the 82nd.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-California-Pacific Box
NO. 25 CALIFORNIA 92, PACIFIC 85
CALIFORNIA (7-2)
Anigwe 11-19 6-8 28, Davidson 9-11 4-5 22, Cowling 5-9 5-5 15, Smith 4-10 3-4 12, Thomas 1-6 2-2 4, Styles 1-2 2-2 4, West 0-1 0-0 0, Anastasieska 0-1 0-0 0, Brown 2-5 2-3 6, Mosley 0-0 1-2 1, Totals 33-64 25-31 92.
PACIFIC (4-5)
Grant 3-12 3-4 9, McDavid 6-12 1-2 13, Finnie 4-12 4-4 13, Li 5-11 0-0 14, Luaulu-Summers 5-10 6-8 18, Sumsion 0-1 1-2 1, Blakeslee 0-1 0-0 0, Lidy 7-10 3-3 17, Totals 30-69 18-23 85.
California 25 21 23 23 —92 Pacific 22 17 14 32 —85
3-Point Goals_California 1-14 (Cowling 0-1, Smith 1-5, Thomas 0-5, Anastasieska 0-1, Brown 0-2), Pacific 7-20 (Grant 0-2, Finnie 1-3, Li 4-8, Luaulu-Summers 2-5, Blakeslee 0-1, Lidy 0-1). Assists_California 13 (Smith 6), Pacific 21 (Luaulu-Summers 10). Fouled Out_California Anigwe, Pacific McDavid. Rebounds_California 45 (Anigwe 18), Pacific 32 (Luaulu-Summers 10). Total Fouls_California 17, Pacific 23. A_479.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Headphones maker Monster plans $300 million cryptocurrency offering
Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle 2014 Kevin Lee (right) gets ready as their father, Noel Lee, founder of...
Monster Products, known for headphones and electronics cables, is turning to cryptocurrencies as part of its latest bid to reverse a tide of red ink.
The South San Francisco company plans to raise $300 million through what's known as an initial coin offering, a sale of digital tokens used both as a store of value and a means of payment. Monster plans to use its Monster Money tokens and blockchain technology — the technical underpinnings of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum — to run the Monster Money Network, according to a document filed Friday with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Monster Products said it will offer up to 300 million of those tokens at $1 each, which will then be used on the network to buy its products and services. Initial coin offerings, seen as a way to embrace blockchain technology and bypass traditional venture financing and initial public offerings of stock, have drawn regulators' attention lately, with concerns about scams and fraud.
Monster did not immediately respond to requests for comment about the filing.
Founded as Monster Cable Products by CEO Noel Lee in San Francisco in 1978, the company is best known for its high-end speaker wires, power cables and other electronics accessories. Monster's fortunes rose to new heights when it helped introduce the popular Beats by Dre designer headphones line in the mid-2000s.
But the company, which is not publicly traded, struggled financially after the dissolution of its partnership with Beats Electronics co-founders Jimmy Iovine and Andre “Dr. Dre” Young in 2012. Since then, the company has tried to market new lines of headphones and devled into other products and services, including online poker. The company bought its first-ever Super Bowl commercial in February.
The SEC filing is the first time Monster Products has publicly detailed its mounting financial losses. The company posted a net loss of $19.6 million in the quarter that ended March 31. That comes on top of a net loss of $26.7 million on sales of $57.5 million in 2017, and net loss of $29 million on revenue of $87.7 million in 2016.
“Monster's current business strategy is shifting focus away from simply building its product range to pursuing alternative retail platforms and implementing new marketing campaigns,” the company said in the filing.
Monster plans to use blockchain technology “for payment processing, market analysis, accounting, audit and payroll services, inventory management and shipping operation,” the filing said. “Eventually Monster hopes to use its influence, scale and global connections along with blockchain technology to bring a number of e-commerce platforms onto Monster Money Network where transactions will be processed and completed instantly with low or no transaction costs.”
The company plans to create a total of 500 million tokens, but retain 200 million in a company wallet to be “released gradually” by the company's board of directors as incentives for “developers, contributors and strategic partners,” the filing said.
Should the network fail to launch, the company said in the filing that it will issue 75 million shares of regular stock and exchange each share for four tokens.
Benny Evangelista is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: bevangelista@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ChronicleBenny
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
Award-winning journalist Michael Gordon has died after suffering a suspected heart attack during an ocean swim on Victoria's Phillip Island.
The 62-year-old Fairfax writer was pulled from the water and brought to shore at Cowes about 10.30am Saturday but died at the scene despite efforts to revive him, The Age reported.
Gordon won a Walkley Award - one of the profession's highest accolades - for most outstanding contribution to journalism in 2017, the year during which they left their long-term role as political editor.
They worked at the newspaper for 37 years.
The Age described Gordon as "a giant of Australian journalism" and said they were one of the publication's most loved, respected and lauded writers.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Gordon was "one of the most wise and calm" journalists and offered love and sympathy to their wife Robyn and family.
"A good friend and great mentor to so many," Mr Turnbull posted on Twitter.
"He left us far too soon."
Opposition leader Bill Shorten said Gordon was simply "one of the good guys".
"A passion for truth-telling, a champion for social justice, their every word was wielded for a cause," Mr Shorten tweeted.
"I'll miss reading them and talking to them immensely."
In addition to their long tenure at Fairfax, Gordon was a former political editor of The Australian and US correspondent for The Herald.
Gordon wrote about their formative years as a cadet in a column published in June 2017, describing how securing the position at age 17 and when their father Harry was the editor was viewed with suspicion by some.
They spent "long spells" on real estate, police rounds and the Trades Hall - the "perfect prelude to observing national affairs" - before moving to the press gallery in Canberra.
Former Prime Minister John Howard was named by Gordon as the catalyst for a focus on the plight of asylum seekers, one of many subjects they covered with passion.
As they left journalism at the same age their father did, Gordon said their overwhelming emotion was one of "immense gratitude".
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) _ The Nebraska Department of Correctional Services has responded to the American Civil Liberties Union of Nebraska's public-records request on its execution team's training as the state moves toward its first execution in years.
The Lincoln Journal Star reports that the department's records show the execution team trained on five dates for a total of more than 10 hours since January 2017.
Prisons spokesperson Dawn-Renee Smith says the department is in compliance with the training protocol.
Attorney General Doug Peterson asked the state Supreme Court last week to speed up its consideration of an execution warrant for Carey Dean Moore. Peterson also requested to set Moore's execution date for July 10.
ACLU Legal Director Amy Miller says the training documents don't give adequate assurance that the execution will be conducted smoothly.
The mayor of Katherine says they are "disappointed" it took six months to get an apology from federal Health Minister Greg Hunt after a meeting when they treated their "boorishly and arrogantly", News Limited newspapers report.
Fay Miller says the minister used a string of expletives during the meeting in Canberra last December to discuss a health package for their town after chemical contamination from nearby RAAF Base Tindal.
Ms Miller told the Herald Sun Mr Hunt had acted aggressively towards them during the meeting and they had written to both them and to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull seeking an explanation and an apology.
However an apology was only issued after the newspaper had submitted questions to the minister and Mr Turnbull on Wednesday.
The minister's office told the paper Mr Hunt had "apologised directly to the mayor for any language which may have caused offence" but denied they had behaved aggressively.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 N.Y. Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 South W L T Pct PF PA Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 North W L T Pct PF PA Pittsburgh 11 2 0 .846 320 251 Baltimore 7 6 0 .538 318 246 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 West W L T Pct PF PA Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA y-Philadelphia 11 2 0 .846 404 250 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 South W L T Pct PF PA New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 North W L T Pct PF PA Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 West W L T Pct PF PA L.A. Rams 9 4 0 .692 396 265 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314
y-clinched division
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Denver 23, N.Y. Jets 0
Arizona 12, Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30, Washington 13
Jacksonville 30, Seattle 24
Philadelphia 43, L.A. Rams 35
Pittsburgh 39, Baltimore 38
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But they added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
“WA is an obvious choice.”
Celebrated Melbourne restaurateur Guy Grossi is bringing their restaurant brand to Perth, the first foray beyond Melbourne for the Grossi family after nearly 50 years trading in the Victorian capital.
“We're in love with Western Australia and the producers here,” Mr Grossi said. “Perth is such a good fit for us.”
Their new venture, Garum, is a large scale “Roman rustic” venue at the heritage listed Hibernian Hall in the CBD, and is scheduled to open in mid-April. Garum is the latest in a string of national and international restaurant brands that have chosen Perth as a first choice for expansion out of their home markets. In recent times, prominent restaurateurs David Thompson (Long Chim) and Pete Evans (Heirloom at Fraser Suites) and restaurant brands like the Bali-based KuDeTa have chosen Perth to launch new restaurants.
“The quality of local produce played a large part in our decision to come to Perth. We use Fremantle octopus, Arkady lamb from Margaret River, Manjimup truffles and marron from the south west in our Melbourne restaurants, so when this opportunity arose for a first venture out of Melbourne, we just grabbed it.”
Rob Broadfield shares what they look for when reviewing a restaurant. The West Australian Rob Broadfield shares what they look for when reviewing a restaurant.
Garum will be the flagship hospitality venue at the 368 room Westin Hotel and Hibernian Place development on Hay Street. Other local operators to sign up are small bar and restaurant entrepreneur Andy Freeman and the rapidly expanding Mary Street Bakery business.
“Garum will showcase Roman food and dining culture, with rustic dishes from the Italian capital and surrounding Lazio region,” Mr Grossi said. “Uncomplicated and pure are the cornerstones of the kitchen philosophy, delivering local ingredients with a very unique Roman flavour.”
The large venue will include outdoor dining, a private dining room and a bar “that has its own focused menu which delves into the wonderful world of Roman snacks.”
“The dining space embraces the tones of the original building with a contemporary feel,” Mr Grossi said.
FYI: Garum was a fish sauce made from anchovies by the ancient Romans and used as a condiment and flavouring agent.
× Federal Money for Bloomsburg Flood Control Project
BLOOMSBURG, Pa. — A community in one part of Columbia County is one step closer to having protection from flooding, thanks to a mile-long flood wall.
Officials announced Wednesday over $10 million in federal funding has been secured for a flood protection project.
About six months ago, Bloomsburg received about $2 million in state grant money for this project.
The announcement means the town is one step closer to protecting over 100 homes from flood damage.
Back in 2011, roads and the first floor of many homes in Bloomsburg were underwater.
“It's a tough thing to live through and I think if you haven't lived through it sometimes people don't understand how bad it is,” Robert Horn said.
Members of the Department of Community and Economic Development and elected officials met across the road from Robert Horn's home in Bloomsburg.
Bloomsburg's one-mile flood wall was finished over a year ago. Now the town is planning to add another mile-long section along the southern edge of the river.
This week, Bloomsburg received over $10 million in federal money for that project.
The new flood wall should protect Bloomsburg High School and Middle School as well as more than 100 homes in this community.
That includes Horn's home.
“It's great news.”
News that will affect homeowners and emergency responders.
“What this will do if this area is protected by a flood wall, it will take it out of an area of concern for first responders and then we can plug more people into the areas that are still being affected by flood water,” said Bloomsburg Police Chief Roger Van Loan.
Once the project is complete, there will still be homes not protected by a flood wall.
That includes Stephen Shultz's home on Leonard Street.
“I think it's good. If I was in the south end of town, I'd be happy. Being that I'm on the west end of town I feel a little slighted,” Shultz said.
Shultz has lived in Bloomsburg for nearly 30 years. Their home was hit hard by the flood in 2011. He's hopeful the town will increase flood protection to the west end of Bloomsburg after this project is finished.
“You hope maybe down the road they'll go for another extension and the governor will release some additional funds to cover everyone,” they said.
The $10 million in federal funds is part of a bigger $17 million project officials hope will be complete sometime next year.
Howell, MI –5/17/18 — For over ten years, Highlander Tree Care has provided quality, professional tree care services including tree removal, trimming, health analysis throughout the state of Michigan. The company recently relocated to Livingston County while making its home in the city of Howell, MI. The company boasts of over 15 years of experience in the field and agriculture and tree care.
“The team at Highlander Tree Care is truly excited to relocate here in Livingston County as we believe that we can provide a quality, reputable tree company that will go above and beyond to protect the property of families in this area,” said owner and CEO of Highlander Tree Care, Jonathan Kelly. They also went on to say, “This community has a rich history of maintaining beautifully manicured lawns and our premium tree care services will help this tradition live on for many years to come. Providing excellent customer service will be our company's number one priority and that starts with our philosophy for assessing the health all trees and discussing the best options with our customers.”
While we understand that tree service is not your everyday service need, when disaster or the unexpected occurs, it is important to have the name of a trusted professional that can immediately respond to your property to assist in the removal of a tree. Tree removals often happen when least expected, however the team at Highlander Tree Care is always ready to come to respond to any tree related emergency. In fact, the company offers a 24 hour emergency tree removal service.
About Highlander Tree Care
Highlander Tree Care is a full-service, locally owned and operated tree service company based in Howell, Michigan proudly serving all of Livingston County. In addition to serving towns in Livingston County such as Howell, Brighton, and Hartland, Mi the company also has delivered excellent services to neighboring cities such as White Lake, and Highland. The company prides themselves on providing exceptional service at an affordable price. Highlander Tree Care offers a wide variety of tree care services including Tree Removal, Tree Trimming & Pruning, Health Analysis, Cabling & Bracing, and Tree Injections.
For more information about Highlander Tree Care or to request a complimentary estimate, please visit http://www.highlandertreecare.com/ or call 517-225-0424.
CRICKET Australia bowed to common sense and a tsunami of criticism over scheduling by releasing Adelaide Strikers Alex Carey, Travis Head and Hobart's Darcy Short for today's BBL grand final.
However Strikers express spearhead Billy Stanlake will remain with Australia's Twenty20 unit despite a three-day gap between the second Twenty20 international against England in Hobart on Wednesday. Adelaide also loses superstar leg-spinner Rashid Khan to international duty for Afghanistan's one-day clash with Zimbabwe on Monday in Dubai.
Camera Icon Travis Head. Picture: Getty Images Camera Icon Alex Carey. Picture: AAP
CA is taking a conservative approach with Stanlake, 23, who has played just two first-class games since November 2015 for Queensland due to back stress fractures.
CA was under fire from greats including Justin Langer and Mitchell Johnson over a BBL finals talent drain to Australian one-day and T20 commitments but won back some favour by clearing brilliant trio Head, Carey and Short to play.
A BBL final without the all star cast its target youth demographic have worshipped in droves this summer would be like watching Happy Days without the Fonz.
Opener Short, 27, has made a BBL season record 504 runs at 56 for the Hurricanes followed by keeper-batsman Carey's 425 at 53 in 10 innings. Head has 334 at 47 in eight digs. The trio will travel to Hobart on Monday ahead of the second T20 international.
Camera Icon Hurrican star D'Arcy Short will play in Adelaide. Picture: Getty Images
Keeper Tim Paine has been permitted to front for the Hurricanes before leaving for Australia's four-Test tour of South Africa.
Having smashed a match-winning 85 in 57 balls in the semi-final against the Hurricanes Head rushed back to Sydney on Saturday morning only to return to Adelaide on Sunday morning.
Camera Icon Billy Stanlake will stay with the Australian T20 squad. Picture: AAP
“It was very proactive from the selectors and Darren Lehmann to give me the opportunity,” said Head of their release from Australian duty to mastermind the Strikers surge to a maiden final.
“I'm only young still, I'm still trying to learn my craft and there's nothing better than playing in front of a full house in high-pressure games.
“I was able to be a match-winner which was fantastic.”
Kyle Lowry said something had to change in Toronto. Serge Ibaka is on their way to try to make that happen.
The Raptors acquired the veteran power forward from Orlando on Tuesday for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first round draft pick.
Orlando general manager Rob Hennigan said Tuesday evening the trade of Ibaka for Ross was necessary for the Magic to have a chance of salvaging a season that has gone drastically off course.
The Raptors made the move with the postseason and possible championship run in mind.
Advertisement
“Any time you can add a talent who has got playoff experience, (NBA) Finals experience, and a defender and two-way player like Ibaka has got to give us a boost,” Raptors coach Dwane Casey said Tuesday night in Chicago before the Raptors-Bulls game. “Ibaka fills a huge need.
“His style of play fits our style of play. … There's nothing we're doing that they haven't seen before. It won't take them long to pick up the terminology.”
Toronto started the day in fourth place in the Eastern Conference, having lost 10 of its previous 14 games. The latest ugly performance came on Sunday when the Raptors gave up a 16-point lead to start the fourth quarter and lost to the Detroit Pistons.
After the game, Lowry didn't pull any punches on the state of a team that made the Eastern Conference finals last season but has lost to the Magic twice, the Pistons, Timberwolves and Suns during this latest swoon.
“Keep getting in the same situations over and over and not being successful,” Lowry said after the 102-101 loss. “Something's got to give, something's got to change.”
Casey has said all season long that the something is defense. Toronto ranks 17th in the NBA in defensive efficiency, allowing 106.2 points per 100 possessions. The coach knows that won't be close to good enough when they get into the playoffs to try to build off of last year's run to the Eastern Conference finals.
“Like most players, they have migrated out on the perimeter, so their shot-blocking and rebounding (numbers) are down a little bit,” Casey said of Ibaka. “But there are a lot of difference positions they can play for us.
“He can play close to the basket, because he's smart and versatile. There are situations that they could possibly play the 5 for us if we do go small. They give us a lot of flexibility.”
Ibaka averaged 15.1 points and 6.8 rebounds for the Magic this season. They have long been considered a rugged defensive power forward, and has experience making deep playoff runs with the Thunder. They will be a free agent this summer after being acquired from Oklahoma City on draft night last summer for Victor Oladipo, Ersan Ilyasova and the first-round draft pick that became Domantas Sabonis.
Now Ibaka will slide between DeMarre Carroll and Jonas Valanciunas in the Raptors frontcourt, a significant upgrade for Raptors GM Masai Ujiri, who has long been a fan of Ibaka's defensive tenacity and ability to stretch the floor on offense.
The Raptors parted with Ross, who is in the first year of a three-year, $31 million contract, and a pick to get the deal done. Ross averaged 10.4 points and 2.6 rebounds, but the high flier has never been able to provide Toronto with the consistency they were looking for from him.
“I think if you watch our team play there is no secret that we struggle to make shots and I think their ability can do just that,” said Hennigan, who still believes their team has a shot at making the Eastern Conference playoffs despite a 21-36 record. Ross' “play, their age and their contract are all things we feel are positives and strengths for us.”
The Magic made the move in part to try to get something back for Ibaka before risking losing them on the open market this summer. Hennigan made the deal with OKC on draft night in hopes that Ibaka's defense and veteran leadership would help a team with a young core including Aaron Gordon, Evan Fournier and Elfrid Payton.
But Orlando created a logjam in the frontcourt with Ibaka, Gordon, Nikola Vucevic and Bismack Biyombo, and pieces just never fit together. The Magic have the second-worst record in the East.
Raptors guard Norman Powell, who is expected to have an expanded role in Toronto with Ross' departure, said their former teammate is looking forward to their new role with the Magic.
“I talked to (Ross) and he's excited about the opportunity they have” in Orlando, Powell said.
With Ross joining the team, the Magic can now shift Gordon back to their more natural power forward spot, leaving Evan Fournier and Ross to play the wing positions in coach Frank Vogel's scheme.
“I think we will certainly look at that and try that, but that will be Frank's call ultimately,” said Hennigan, who hopes Ross will be in uniform Wednesday night against the Spurs. “But it's something that Frank and I have been discussing and certainly discussed even more today.”
___
AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds in Miami, and Associated Press Writers Terrance Harris in Orlando, Florida, and Paul Ladewski in Chicago contributed to this report.
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of their death earlier this week.
Related: Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty: ‘A Long Lost Brother'
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty's tremendous influence on them
“To me, Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized: complex simplicity,” they revealed. “It said so much in the lyrics, the concepts, the stories, the message, the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone's head. They motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘Free Fallin.” Count me as one of them.”
Swift famously covered Petty's timeless 1977 single, “American Girl,” releasing it as a single and performing it on their Fearless tour in 2009. Check it out below.
LEVITTOWN, Pa. (AP) - Police in Pennsylvania are searching for a man who they say tried to steal a car with a child in the back seat.
Authorities say the owner of the car stopped to get gas at the Sunoco station in Levittown around 10:20 a.m. Wednesday when a man in their early 20s got into the driver's seat.
Surveillance video captured the car moving forward a few feet before the suspect got out and fled on foot. Police say there was a young child strapped in a car seat in the car at the time.
Authorities have released an image of the suspect and ask anyone with information to call police.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. (AP) — There's no official word yet from the Detroit Lions about whether defensive end Kerry Hyder will miss the season.
What's clear is that the Lions are coming to grips with the idea of having to play without him.
“We've got a very good group. We're very confident,” defensive tackle Akeem Spence said. “That's a very big loss, but we've got the guys in the room to step up.”
Coach Jim Caldwell had nothing to add Monday on Hyder's condition, but they said the Lions might have more to say in the next couple of days.
Hyder was carted off the field in Sunday's exhibition game at Indianapolis. Caldwell said after the game it looked like a “significant” Achilles tendon injury.
“We'll probably have something to announce maybe in the next 24, 48 hours or so,” Caldwell said Monday.
Detroit is dealing with injuries on both the offensive and defensive lines. Tackle Taylor Decker and defensive end Ziggy Ansah are on the physically unable to perform list.
Hyder led the Lions with eight sacks last season, and the team's runner-up — Devin Taylor — is with the New York Giants now. Ansah had 14½ sacks in 2015, but only two last season.
“We've got a long time between now and when preseason is over with,” Caldwell said. “We'll just see how things go. We got some young guys with some talent. They have some ability. And we'll see what happens.”
Detroit's depth on the defensive line was already going to be tested because of suspensions to Armonty Bryant and Khyri Thornton, so the team's health issues there have come at a tough time.
The Lions can take solace in the fact that they have plenty of time before the first game, but the pass rush will now be an area to watch throughout the preseason.
While veteran Haloti Ngata is still in the middle of the defensive line, the Lions may increasingly have to rely on defensive tackle A'Shawn Robinson, defensive end Anthony Zettel and defensive end Cornelius Washington. Those three have a combined seven NFL starts.
“Obviously, you're going to miss a guy like Kerry,” Caldwell said. “He's an outstanding player for us, he's been tough and those kinds of things.
“But, just like anything else, we've got to find a way and I think we got a number of young guys that are great candidates in that regard, and we've got some older guys that are going to have to step up and play. So, that's kind of how we approach it.”
Robinson started five games and had two sacks as a rookie last season after the Lions drafted them in the second round out of Alabama, so it's reasonable for Detroit to expect a significant contribution from him.
“He had a pretty solid game the other day and did some of the things he's accustomed to doing,” Caldwell said.
“He put pressure on the quarterback by knocking their guy back into the pocket, and certainly when they get pushed, it just ties in together with them getting their hands up in the throwing lane and tipping a few here and there. But he's coming along well.”
Hyder's emergence last year was a surprise, since he'd appeared in only one NFL game previously. Now the Lions hope some of their other less-heralded lineman can help make up for theirs absence.
“Kerry is a big brother to me. Having them in the room, they have one of the biggest hearts, and they play it and shows it out there, day in and day out,” Robinson said. “We just dedicate everything we do for him.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Navy-Columbia Box
NAVY 73, COLUMBIA 68 NAVY (9-3)
Lacey 2-6 2-2 6, Wieck 7-7 0-1 14, Dulin 2-6 3-5 7, Anderson 7-16 6-6 21, Abdullah 6-12 2-2 16, Kiernan 1-2 0-0 3, Riemersma 1-1 0-0 2, Ca.Davis 1-3 0-0 2, Fox 0-1 0-0 0, Pearson 1-1 0-0 2. Totals 28-55 13-16 73.
COLUMBIA (1-9)
Tape 0-0 0-0 0, Meisner 0-3 0-0 0, M.Smith 11-15 2-3 28, Hickman 2-7 0-0 5, Adlesh 1-3 0-0 3, Faulds 2-6 2-4 6, Stefanini 0-5 0-0 0, Bibbs 4-6 1-2 12, Hanson 4-8 3-3 14, Hunter 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 24-53 8-12 68.
Halftime_Columbia 40-32. 3-Point Goals_Navy 4-14 (Abdullah 2-6, Kiernan 1-2, Anderson 1-2, Ca.Davis 0-1, Fox 0-1, Dulin 0-1, Lacey 0-1), Columbia 12-25 (M.Smith 4-5, Bibbs 3-3, Hanson 3-5, Adlesh 1-2, Hickman 1-6, Stefanini 0-2, Meisner 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Navy 32 (Anderson 12), Columbia 25 (Faulds, Hanson 6). Assists_Navy 14 (Anderson 4), Columbia 16 (M.Smith 5). Total Fouls_Navy 12, Columbia 20. A_1,169 (2,500).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
HOURS before I'm due to arrive at El Questro Wilderness Park in the remote Kimberley, I get a call from the general manager.
"I've organised something special for you," Lori Litwack says. "You don't have a problem with small planes do you?"
No, not at all, I reply.
It's not a complete lie. The size of the aircraft isn't a problem, I just don't like flying.
But when someone offers you a scenic flight over the Kimberley, you don't say no. So when my jet taxis past the single-engine craft at Kununurra Airport I fix a smile on my face, swallow some more pills and join the other passengers cooing at their tiny wings.
"I wish I was going on one of those," the German backpacker seated behind me says.
My Kimberley Air Tour's pilot Graeme tracks me down by the baggage carousel.
"Were you hiding?" they frown, holding up a sign with my name.
Camera Icon Pigeonhole Lookout at El Questro Wilderness Park. The Chamberlain River flows for 236km before merging with the Pentecost River near El Questro Station. Picture: AAPIMAGE
He's earnest and quietly competent so with some deep breaths I climb into the front passenger seat of what I'm told is a Cessna 210.
"The Rolls-Royce of Cessna," Graeme says, patting its side.
As we trundle down the air strip my fear turns to excitement to see my first wild boab tree, standing with branches akimbo like a voluptuous woman who has neglected them hairbrush.
Up in the air they tilt the wing to show Kelly's Knob, the large, unfortunately named tree-topped mound that shadows Kununurra's town centre before neat rows of Indian Sandalwood plantations unfold beneath us.
It's May and the dry season is well underway. The landscape below seems to crumple in folds of green and peaks carpeted in spinifex. Patches of charred eucalypts sprout silver shoots from oxblood stained earth before turning into groves of skeletal paperbarks clumped where rivers of fresh water must flow underground.
Above them stands the 120 metre-high, iron-stained Cockburn Cliffs, burnished pink and gold by the late afternoon sun.
Camera Icon A mound of iron-ore stained sandstone rock in Spurling's Pocket in the El Questro Wilderness Park. Picture: AAPIMAGE
"The cliffs used to be part of El Questro," Lori tells me. "But the state government took them back so now they're part of the national park."
It was a deal struck with the station's American owners Delaware North, in return for a 45-year pastoral lease over the remaining 700,000 acre property, they said.
But El Questro has been running as a tourist attraction for more than 25 years, since the former cattle station was bought by Englishman Will Burrel and their Australian wife Celia, née Shelmerdine.
The pair purchased the then one million acre property for $1 million and set out to build accommodation ranging from the basic camper and family holidaymaker's cabin to the high-end tourist who craves a bit of luxury and exclusivity.
The "glamping" tent where I spend my nights at Emma Gorge Resort is priced somewhere in the middle.
Although the only thing my double bed and ensuite has in common with camping is the zip used to open the windows to let in the evening breeze.
Newly refurbished after a bushfire swept through the gorge and destroyed much of the resort's accommodation in 2016, the 60 tented huts sit on stilts off the ground between groves of talcum-white gum trees.
Camera Icon Emma Gorge with its pool and waterfall in WA's Kimberley. Picture: File image
Every morning I wake before sunrise, not to a shrill alarm but to the sound of pied butcher birds and finches greeting the dawn.
A short walk to the resort's namesake Emma Gorge leads to a well-marked hiking trail across rough sandstone rocks as I follow the stream sheltered beneath the towering Cockatoo Cliffs.
I am all alone when I reach Emma's Pool and slide into the smooth, cool water fed by a droplet waterfall stretching 35 metres high above my head. When it gets too cold, I drift over to a narrow alcove where a thermal spring heats the water to a warm bath.
As I float while looking up at the expanse of blue sky, it feels a bit like flying. And I am not scared at all.
IF YOU GO
GETTING THERE: Kununurra Airport is a three-hour direct flight from Perth with air or road transfers available to Emma Gorge Resort, El Questro Station or the Homestead. Flights start at $299 one way on Virgin.
Kununurra Airport is a three-hour direct flight from Perth with air or road transfers available to Emma Gorge Resort, El Questro Station or the Homestead. Flights start at $299 one way on Virgin. STAYING THERE: El Questro Station and Homestead are open to guests from April to October during the Kimberley's dry season. Guest accommodation ranges from non-powered camping sites from $22 per night to safari-style tented huts at Emma Gorge and deluxe, adults only $3000-a-night cabins cantilevered over the Chamberlain River.
El Questro Station and Homestead are open to guests from April to October during the Kimberley's dry season. Guest accommodation ranges from non-powered camping sites from $22 per night to safari-style tented huts at Emma Gorge and deluxe, adults only $3000-a-night cabins cantilevered over the Chamberlain River. PLAYING THERE: Hike through epic gorges, relax in thermal springs, take a morning or sunset horse ride or travel by helicopter to remote fishing spots to catch barramundi. Those after a less-active itinerary can cruise on the Chamberlain River, join in bird watching or enjoy a full-day four-wheel drive tour of the property.
- For more, visit elquestro.com.au. The writer stayed as a guest of El Questro Wilderness Park.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Zhejiang Huatong Meat Products Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS HOG BREEDING CONTRACT WITH TOTAL INVESTMENT AT 300 MILLION YUAN ($47.81 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E6goen Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2750 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Crown Cork & Seal Anticipates Lower Earnings
Crown Cork & Seal Co. Inc., the world's largest producer of packaging containers, said Wednesday it expects lower second-quarter and full-year earnings due to weak business conditions in Europe and lower beverage can demand in the United States. The Philadelphia-based company expects earnings in the range of 75 cents to 77 cents per diluted share for the quarter ended June 30 and between $2.20 to $2.25 for 1999.
Wall Street analysts had expected a healthier performance from Crown Cork & Seal. They pegged quarterly earnings at 92 cents vs. 95 cents in the same year-ago period and annual earnings at $2.42 compared to $2.33 in 1998, according to research firm First Call Corp.
Crown Cork & Seal had previously expected second-quarter earnings per share (EPS) of up to 90 cents and anticipated a modest improvement in 1999's EPS, but the company said soft European business conditions will not rebound as quickly as expected. Crown Cork & Seal also said the U.S. dollar's strength against the Euro and other currency conditions are damping performance.
The company said it has been maintaining its market share in European markets, but volume shortfalls in food, general line, and beverage cans in the region have triggered overcapacity and lower prices. Moreover, the container maker said, the decrease in European food can volume also stems from an unexpected shift in packaging at a major pet food account.
Crown Cork & Seal said lower prices have been offset to some extent by reduced costs of raw materials and restructuring activity.
Shipments in beverage cans in the United States, according to Crown Cork & Seal, dipped in April and May. The firm added U.S. food can shipments in the second quarter have gotten off to a slow start, but are expected to improve in the third quarter.
The company plans to cut costs and make plants more efficient in order to generate free cash flow of more than $400 million this year and will use the money primarily to reduce debt.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
THE teams are in for the most crucial trading round of the year, with player prices to change for the first time after this week.
It is therefore your last chance to purchase in-form players before their prices skyrocket, and conversely, your final opportunity to offload underperformers before they leak cash.
Tom Sangster and Nick Campton have the good oil.
28 June 2018: CDR or the competency Demonstration is a mandate document while applying an immigrant visa to Australia. There are various rules and regulations to follow to satisfy a CDR Australia report. To use a PR, the applicant should produce all their details and their skilled occupation list which should fill a score of 60 points. Next comes the EOI or Expression of Interest, where all the details of the immigrant should be provided to the immigration department. To ensure efficient and accurate reports, CDR Australia engineer's writers play a vital role in creating CDR's.
There are three categories into which EA applicants are qualified, namely the Professional Engineer, Engineer Technologist, and Engineering Associate. The Professional Engineer falls under the highest cadre and is the most scrutinized sector than the other two. Writers are experts who create a CDR report for Australia on behalf of applicants and create a report that is unique and plagiarism free. There are several writers available, and they provide a report as quickly as possible with all the gathered details. CDR Writers Australia offer services like writing the career episode, re-writing reports for CDR engineers summarize their career episodes and summary statements and complete CDR with or without projects for candidates.
The CDR is validated by the Engineers Australia; therefore the writing style and the strategies must satisfy the regulations to qualify. Writers are all experts and professionals, and they refer to the Engineers Australia for a format. We are not just writing the applications but also review their data and tutor to the candidate. Here are domain specific writers available which do not compromise the quality of the application. We use plagiarism tools to counterfeit every incident. Writers check the document for all technical and non-technical errors.
Website: https://cdraustralia.org/
`
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores4 <
SOUTHWEST
Arkansas 67, Tulsa 41<
Houston 88, ETSU 69<
Houston Baptist 76, Huston-Tillotson 72<
TCU 112, SE Louisiana 62<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SM Adult Heavyweight Cotton/Poly Hoodie SKU: 170102-50772-1
Part No: BLE108
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
75% Cotton/ 25% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Heavyweight 9oz. Hoodie
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult 100% Cotton Long Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50772
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 18/1 Long Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Crewneck Sweatshirt SKU: 170102-50772
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Crewneck Sweatshirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Juniors Tank Top SKU: 170102-50772
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors Tank Top
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Regular Fit Polo SKU: 170102-50772
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Polo with printing on backside
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton 18/1 Tank Top SKU: 170102-50772
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Tank Top
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Youth Hooded Sweatshirt SKU: 170102-50772
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Sweatshirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50772-1Part No: BLE108Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester75% Cotton/ 25% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Heavyweight 9oz. HoodieCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50772Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 18/1 Long Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50772Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Crewneck SweatshirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50772Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors Tank TopCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50772Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Polo with printing on backsideCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50772Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Tank TopCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50772Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable SweatshirtCondition: New
Product Types: Polo Shirts | Pullovers | T-Shirts - Long Sleeve | Tank Tops
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Here we have a slick black, white and red design featuring Bruce Lee in a signature pose. This style is perfect for fans of Bruce and fans of unique design apparel.
Related Items
Categories
Action | Martial Arts | Polo Shirts | Pullovers | T-Shirts - Long Sleeve | Tank Tops | Trev
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — Saudi Arabia announced on Monday it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years, in the latest social push by the country's young crown prince.
Movie theaters were shut down in the 1980's during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country. Many of Saudi Arabia's clerics view Western movies and even Arabic films made in Egypt as sinful.
However, since Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ascended to power under their father, King Salman, they have pushed for greater social openings such as lifting a ban on women driving next year and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population. The 32-year-old heir to the throne has also sought ways to boost local spending and create jobs amid lower oil prices.
According to Monday's announcement, a resolution was passed paving the way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters, with the first cinemas expected to open in March 2018.
Saudi filmmakers and movie buffs have been able to circumvent traditional censors by streaming movies online and watching films on satellite TV. Many also travel to neighboring countries like Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to go to movie theaters.
Despite there being no movie theaters in Saudi Arabia, young Saudi filmmakers have received government support and recognition in recent years.
The government has backed a Saudi film festival that's taken place for the past few years in the eastern city of Dhahran. This year, some 60 Saudi films were screened.
The film “Wadjda” made history in 2013 by becoming the first Academy Award entry for Saudi Arabia, though it wasn't nominated for the Oscars. The movie follows the story of a 10-year-old girl who dreams of having a bicycle, just like boys have in their ultraconservative neighborhood where men and women are strictly segregated and where boys and girls attend separate schools. The film was written and directed by Saudi female director Haifaa al-Mansour, who shot the film entirely in the kingdom.
Also, the Saudi film “Barakah Meets Barakah”, by director Mahmoud Sabbagh, made its premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival in February. The movie, which has been called the kingdom's first romantic comedy, tells the story of a civil servant who falls for a Saudi girl whose Instagram posts have made them a local celebrity.
Though four years apart, the two films tackle the issue of gender segregation in Saudi Arabia, which remains largely enforced.
It was not immediately clear if movie theaters would have family-only sections, segregating women and families from the male-only audience. Another unknown was whether most major Hollywood, Bollywood and Arabic movie releases would be shown in theaters and how heavily edited the content will be.
The Ministry of Culture and Information did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The government says it will announce regulations in the coming weeks.
The Saudi government says the opening of movie theaters will contribute more than 90 billion riyals ($24 billion) to the economy and create more than 30,000 jobs by 2030. The kingdom says there will be 300 cinemas with around 2,000 screens built in the country by 2030.
___
Batrawy reported from Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
BERLIN (AP) — The German government is condemning anti-Semitic incidents that took place during protests in cities across Germany in recent days.
The demonstrations were called in response to President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital and the announced move of the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Trump's decision has been widely condemned as undermining efforts to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
German government spokesperson Steffen Seibert said on Monday that the burning of Israeli flags and anti-Semitic insults directed at Israel and Jews were “shameful.”
Seibert said Germany feels a close affinity to Israel and Jews around the world, and will therefore counter anti-Semitic incitement whenever it occurs.
Advertisement
Anti-Semitism was a core part of Nazi ideology that led to the killing of over 6 million Jews in the Holocaust.
Junior League of Annapolis, Inc. (JLA) will host its 11th annual Jennifer Summers Barrett Memorial Volunteers on the Run 5K fundraiser event on Saturday, April 28, 2018. Race begins at 9:00 am at Quiet Waters Park in Annapolis, MD. Junior League of Annapolis, Inc. (JLA) will host its 11th annual Jennifer Summers Barrett Memorial Volunteers on the Run 5K fundraiser event on Saturday, April 28, 2018. Race begins at 9:00 am at Quiet Waters Park in Annapolis, MD.
Open to the public, the proceeds from the fun run will benefit the community programs of JLA. A variety of entry options this year range in price from $10 – $50 with the standard runner/walker entry of $35. New this year is a phantom runner option for those unable to attend but want to support this amazing event.
Facebook page closer to the event date. To register online, visit the JLA website at https://www.jlannapolis.org/volunteersrun2018/ . Online Registration will close at midnight on April 27th. Day of registration is scheduled for 7:45 a.m. to 8:45 a.m. Packet pickup information will be posted on our website andpage closer to the event date.
The fun run is open to those of all ability levels – from experience runners to strollers and anyone in between!
Following the run join members of the Junior League at the Annapolis Smokehouse & Tavern to continue the fun and take advantage of drink specials just for the event! From 10:30 am to 12:00 pm; 10% of all sales will go to Junior League of Annapolis.
They will be selling raffle tickets for a Maryland Live! Casino package.
Advance race entry packet pick-up will be from 5 pm to 8 pm on Thursday April 26th and Friday April 27th at Charm City Run Annapolis located in the Annapolis Town Center.
T-shirts and raffle tickets will be on sale at packet pick-up, the race and the after party.
“Junior League of Annapolis is excited to host our 11th annual Jennifer Summers Barrett Memorial Volunteers on the run 5k this year at Quiet Waters Park. This is a fantastic opportunity to come help Junior League fundraise for our community impact projects while honoring our beloved volunteer and leader Jennifer Summers Barrett,” comments Diana Emerson, Chair of Fun Run Committee.
To view the latest updates about the event and to learn more about sponsor opportunities, please visit jlannapolis.org . You may also contact Diana Emerson at [email protected] for more information or the JLA office at 410‐224‐8984.
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
SANAA — Less than 30 per cent of pledged international aid has been delivered to Yemen this year, a UN official said on Wednesday, as millions across the country struggle to survive.
Donors in April pledged close to $1.1 billion (981,500 euros) in aid to war-torn Yemen, which the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs calls the "largest humanitarian crisis in the world".
But "only 25 per cent of aid pledged to the UN refugee agency and 29 per cent of aid pledged to the UN's humanitarian response plan have been delivered so far," UNHCR's Yemen spokesperson Shabia Mantoo told AFP.
Some 19 million people are in need of aid in Yemen, with 10.3 million requiring immediate assistance to "save or sustain their lives", according to the United Nations.
Looming famine and an outbreak of cholera in Yemen, the most impoverished country in the region long before the war, are taking their toll on the population.
"Conditions are only worsening. The cholera rates are alarming, health facilities are struggling to remain functional, millions across the country are food insecure and facing prolonged displacement from their homes," Mantoo said.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) on Wednesday warned that Yemen's health system is on the "brink of collapse".
The organisation said 5,000 new suspected cases of cholera have been reported every day over the past two weeks in Yemen, where an outbreak of the waterborne disease has killed more than 900 people since April 27.
"Two years of armed conflict have brought Yemen's health system to the brink of collapse," said ICRC's head of delegation in Yemen Alexandre Faite.
"This cholera outbreak is only the most recent, and most visible, proof that people and structures have been seriously weakened by the way this conflict is being waged," Faite said.
A quarter of a million people are expected to contract cholera within six months, according to the World Health Organisation.
Share. Falcon(e) Crest. Falcon(e) Crest.
Warning: Full spoilers for the episode below.
Apologies for the day-after review, no advance screener was available.
Hey, so "They Who Hide Behind Masks" was a pretty good time at the Gotham multiplex. I mean, if you can overlook the silly Myrtle Jenkins storyline (which facilitated Edward's freedom and revealed that they CAN'T RIDDLE NOW!) and the fact that Bruce knew who Barbara Kean was but seemed to have no memory of them being the one up on stage with them and Jerome, acting all Harley, when the Maniax attacked the charity ball and tried to kill him. Still, I forgive those two things because Detective Harper (who's actually from the comics) transferred in from "the 3-5."
That's right. Somewhere out there, snuggled deep within the city, is another precinct. There are cops elsewhere. Gotham, all of a sudden, doesn't just have one police station. This is very exciting. It doesn't answer why a cop would ask for a transfer when, apparently, all the cops in town have turned their back on crime and nothing's being done about anything, but I'll take it.
"They Who Hide Behind Masks" had a lot going on, other than Harper's arrival and Nygma's escape from ice. Jim, wearing a slick suit, traveled down to, assumedly, Mexico to try and talk Carmine into helping take down Penguin (I still don't know why he'd care at all - wouldn't SOMEONE taking their place be a given?), but got daughter Sofia (Crystal Reed) in return. Sofia, who had designs to rule in their father's place the entire time, played Jim, seducing them even, so that they could get an - *ahem* - lay of the land. My question though is "Do they truly forgive Jim for killing Mario?" If what we saw was mostly an act, then that might mean their acceptance was too.
Then again, Jim also lied. In a way. Sofia asked them if he'd ever wanted to turn their back on Gotham and they neglected to tell them about the long stretch of time when they totally did.
Gotham: "A Dark Knight: They Who Hide Behind Masks" Photos 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 12 Sean Pertwee and David Mazouz in Gotham's "A Dark Knight: They Who Hide Behind Masks" Episode 01 12 Sean Pertwee and David Mazouz in Gotham's "A Dark Knight: They Who Hide Behind Masks" Episode Gotham: "A Dark Knight: They Who Hide Behind Masks" Photos FOX Download Image Captions ESC
Now that the Scarecrow mini-arc is out of the way, Gotham was free to dig into what's really the main story of this "A Dark Knight" chapter - namely Bruce's fledgling vigilantism and Ra's al Ghul's determination find an heir (guess their time's up after 2000 years). Everything we're watching right now is Bruce being Batman. The only thing missing is the full costume/theme and the only core difference is that that he's still learning. Alfred being so invested in this new gamble/gambit is really what's helping make this storyline successful. Sure, they warn Bruce about certain things here and there, but he's committed to the cause. He's no longer trying to talk Bruce endangering their life.
This week, Bruce got to battle gunmen in their new crime-fighting suit, put on an outer-borough accent for some snooping, and - finally - play up the "billionaire brat" gimmick at an auction. It was this last bit of detective work that was the most fun since Bruce, so young still, had no qualms abut coming off like a total ass in front of Gotham's "elite." He's so buried in this new life of ambitious action that they have no fear at all about tarnishing their public image. Again, we're getting almost every piece of the Batman equation here.
I don't know what the show has in store for Barbara now that it's been revealed they were brought back to life by Ra's. This version of Ra's doesn't seem to have any daughters so perhaps they just wanted them to have a sinister female sidekick (who's also their lover, I guess). Barbara's always been a character people like (well, ever since they went nuts anyhow) but no one ever knows what to expect. Likewise, the show doesn't ever seem to have firm plans for them Occasionally they seem to fill DC character roles -- like Harley and, now, Talia -- and some fans keep wonder if she'll actually turn out to be, or morph into, a DC character, so we'll have to see how things shake out. The writers just seem to like having them in the mix somewhere.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — The Latest on Little Rock's 42nd homicide of the year, matching the total for all of last year (all times local):
7:30 p.m.
Little Rock police say the man whose body was found near Interstate 30 had been shot multiple times.
A Little Rock police statement identifies the dead man as 28-year-old Antwon Bryant of Little Rock. An autopsy has been ordered on their body.
A passer-by reported finding the body in the grass along the highway frontage road about 9:30 a.m. Monday. It was the same area as where the sound of gunfire had been reported six hours previously.
Bryant is Little Rock's 42nd homicide of the year, matching the number reported for all of last year.
The death, plus two others since Saturday night, puts Little Rock on a pace to approach an annual total not seen since the city's gang wars of the early 1990s. Justice Department figures show 68 deaths in 1993 attributed to murder or manslaughter. McClanahan said other killings, such as justifiable homicide, pushed the total to 78 that year.
___
4:30 p.m.
Little Rock has matched its homicide total from all of last year as a man whose body was found near an interstate highway counted as the city's 42nd homicide of the year.
The man was found face down about 10 feet off a frontage road near Interstate 30. Police Lt. Steve McClanahan said a passer-by called to report seeing a body about three blocks away from where shots had been reported overnight.
A cause of death wasn't known.
The death, plus two others since Saturday night, puts Little Rock on a pace to approach an annual total not seen since the city's gang wars of the early 1990s. Justice Department figures show 68 deaths in 1993 attributed to murder or manslaughter. McClanahan said other killings, such as justifiable homicide, pushed the total to 78 that year.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Home invasion victim wants intruders to come forward The West Australian
The 86-year-old man was hurt when attackers forced their way into the home.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — The business of the House was resuming a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, critically wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and hitting aides and Capitol police. The assailant, who had nursed grievances against President Donald Trump and the GOP, fought a gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
Colleagues said Scalise, who had been fielding balls at second base, dragged themselves away from the infield, leaving a trail of blood before they rushed to their assistance. They were listed in critical condition Wednesday night at a Washington hospital, which said they will require several more operations.
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. They later died of their injuries, Trump told the nation from the White House.
Advertisement
“Everyone on that field is a public servant,” Trump said, their tone somber, America's acrimonious politics set aside for the moment. “Their sacrifice makes democracy possible.”
After visiting Scalise Wednesday evening at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, Trump tweeted: “Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape – but they are a real fighter. Pray for Steve!”
Lawmakers noted their good fortune in having armed protectors on hand — “Thank God,” they exclaimed over and over — and said otherwise the shooter would have been able to take a huge deadly toll.
Across the Potomac River in Washington, the shocking events left the Capitol horrified and stunned, and prompted immediate reflection on the current hostility and vitriol in American politics. Lawmakers called for a new dialogue on lowering the partisan temperature, and Trump urged Americans to come together as they assumed the role of national unifier for one of the first times in their presidency.
Proceedings were canceled for the day in the House, and instead Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California issued their own calls for unity. “An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said, to prolonged applause. On Thursday House proceedings were to resume as usual, and lawmakers were returning to the Capitol in search of some semblance of normalcy.
Shortly after the shooting, Bernie Sanders, the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year. Sanders said they denounced the violence “in the strongest possible terms.”
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader, was first elected in 2008. The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the job of House whip several years ago.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said that one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to fully recover. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, across the Potomac River from Washington, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off, which raises money for charity, is scheduled to go forward as planned Thursday evening at Nationals Park in Washington.
Hodgkinson has been in the area since March, living out of their van, said local FBI Special Agent In Charge Tim Slater. Democratic former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille said they had spoken often with the man on recent mornings at the nearby YMCA.
Hodgkinson's apparent Facebook page included strong criticism of Republicans and the Trump administration. But Slater said authorities were still working to determine a motive and had “no indication” Hodgkinson knew about the ball practice ahead of time.
The GOP lawmakers' team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls at second base when they were shot, according to lawmakers present. Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said their colleague “crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood.”
“We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip,” Brooks said.
The gunman had a rifle and “a lot of ammo,” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in their baseball uniform, told reporters that Scalise's security detail, Capitol Hill police and then Alexandria police returned fire in a battle that lasted as long as 10 minutes and included dozens of shots.
“The security detail saved a lot of lives,” they said. “It was scary.”
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said their son, Jack, got under an SUV.
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway described what sounded like an explosion, then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him.
“The guy's down to a handgun, they dropped their rifle, they shoot him, I go over there, they put them in handcuffs,” Conaway said, adding that if the shooter had “gotten inside the fence, where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout, it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel.”
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The wounded Capitol Police officers were identified as David Bailey, who was treated for a minor injury, and Crystal Griner, who was shot in the ankle. Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika, who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office. Mika's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition following surgery.
The event raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and they regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
Following the Giffords shooting, lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events.
___
Associated Press reporters Eric Tucker, Matt Barakat, Meghan Hoyer, Sarah Brumfield, Michael Biesecker, Mary Clare Jalonick, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama, Stephen Ohlemacher, Alan Fram and Andrew Taylor in Washington and Alexandria, and Ed White in Detroit contributed to this report.
Three men face charges after a year-long probe dubbed Project Tahara that began when local police noticed a string of thefts of luxury Lexis and Toyota SUVs.
The investigation wrapped up with the help of police in York and Montreal, the Canadian border service and the Insurance Bureau of Canada.
The Ottawa Police Service's organized auto theft section noticed the trend in September 2016, then later that year located video surveillance images of the vehicles being stolen directly from residential driveways.
Many of the vehicles, which are worth an estimated total of $745,000, were recovered thanks to tipsters who reported suspicious vehicles parked on their streets and by other police agencies and seizures at a port.
Three men face a total of 141 charges including theft of a motor vehicle, conspiracy to commit an indictable offence and possession of break-in instruments.
Charged are Gaetjens Joseph, 41, of Ottawa and Montrealers Ronex Alexandre, 23, and Edson Jolicoeur, 42. Alexandre is still wanted by police.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina woman who spent two months chained inside a large metal container says their captor raped them daily and bragged that they were good at killing, claiming that their victims tallied nearly 100.
Kala Brown says they did what they had to do to survive.
“He told me as long as I served my purpose, I was safe,” Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of the television show “Dr. Phil.”
It was the first time they have talked publicly since their Nov. 3 rescue, which authorities say helped them solve seven killings in the area dating back 13 years. Police said Todd Kohlhepp, a real estate agent with their own firm until their arrest, killed Brown's boyfriend, a couple who had been missing nearly a year and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Advertisement
Brown said they and their boyfriend had gone to Kohlhepp's rural property Aug. 31 to help them clear some underbrush. She'd cleaned houses for them previously to prepare them for sale. After the couple followed them to a two-story garage on the 95-acre property in Spartanburg County, Kohlhepp handed them hedge clippers and bottles of water. They said they needed to get something inside and came out shooting, Brown said.
They shot Charles Carver three times in the chest, they said. They gagged Brown and handcuffed their ankles and wrists. Kohlhepp took them to a “pitch black,” 30-foot-long storage container nearby, chained them by the neck in a back corner and raped her, they said.
They “let me know that if I tried to run, he'd kill me. If I tried to hurt him, he'd kill me. If I fought back, they would kill me. And then they raped me,” Brown said in episodes that aired this week. “He would rape me twice a day, every day.”
The days evolved into a pattern, they said.
They took them to the garage twice a day, where they ate, used the bathroom and was allowed to bathe every other day using a washcloth and a small plastic bowl of water. But they were never unchained, they said.
“He would put more chains on before they took other chains off,” they said.
Kohlhepp, 45, faces murder, kidnapping and weapons charges.  They are not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address the rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming. Their attorney did not return messages.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after they publicly identified herself.
The day after their rescue, investigators found Carver's body in a shallow grave on Kohlhepp's property. Brought to the site in handcuffs, Kohlhepp showed authorities the graves of the couple missing since December 2015. Kohlhepp told Brown they held that woman captive, too, before killing them
Police said Kohlhepp acknowledged the grisly 2003 cold case after authorities granted them several requests, including letting them speak to their mother.
Brown said Kohlhepp told them they killed Carver because “it was easier to control someone if you took someone they loved.”
They thought Kohlhepp was infatuated with them and didn't want to kill her, even saying they would let them go and give their money “if they ever got old and sick,” they said. They explained Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage starts feeling sympathetic toward their captor, and said “it would kick in and we'd be happy together.”
They twice let them see parts of the property beyond the garage and container, including once chained to a four-wheeler.
“I had been in a dark, small, enclosed space and couldn't move more than a few feet. I was thrilled to be outdoors,” they said.
When Brown heard people talking outside the container the morning of Nov. 3, they panicked, thinking maybe they had brought someone else. When they realized help had come, “I started screaming and hitting the walls,” they said.
“I knew my family would never stop looking, but they were so careful, I couldn't see how I could be found so soon. I was scared it really wasn't happening,” they said. “And when they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms, I was relieved.”
NEW YORK (AP) — With 2016 over and the NFL regular season as well, it's about time for the NBA to start showing up more often on more nights.
The new year will feature a new night of national TV games, one of the highlights of a busy January, when there are nearly half as many nationally televised games as in the previous two months combined.
TNT's new Monday night package debuts where last season ends, with the second NBA Finals rematch between Golden State and Cleveland on Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The Jan. 16 doubleheader concludes with Oklahoma City at the Los Angeles Clippers.
The second season of ABC's Saturday night prime-time coverage then returns at the end of that week with San Antonio visiting Cleveland.
Advertisement
There are 49 nationally televised games in January, including 17 NBA TV telecasts. There were 104 such games through Dec. 31.
___
Steve Clifford painted a bleak picture for Eastern Conference teams late last season when it came to competing with the Cavaliers.
“If they play well, it'll be difficult for anybody in the East to beat them four times,” the Charlotte coach said. “Somebody can beat them once or twice maybe, but not four times in my opinion.”
They were right. Cleveland swept the first two rounds and then beat Toronto 4-2 in the Eastern Conference finals.
The Cavs enter the new year much sharper than they did in 2016, when they were sometimes wobbly under David Blatt and still hadn't figured out how to properly use Kevin Love. Now Love is thriving, averaging 22.2 points and nearly 11 rebounds, and the Cavs seems firmly in control of the conference.
But Clifford won't concede anything yet the way they seemed to do then, praising the Raptors as well — though Cleveland has handled them in all three meetings this season.
“Love is playing, I think, at a different level, more comfortable. They're going to them more, he's getting the ball in the post more, also,” Clifford said. “But I mean, there are 50-something games to play, so health … is always a big part of it. But I mean they're playing at a really high level.”
___
THINGS TO WATCH THIS WEEK
MVP! MVP!: It's Russell Westbrook vs. James Harden on Thursday when Oklahoma City visits Houston. Winner pads what so far are the two leading MVP resumes.
BIG MAN BATTLE: Karl-Anthony Towns vs. Joel Embiid could be a big-man battle to watch for years, and Round 2 comes Tuesday in Philadelphia. Towns (25 points, 10 rebounds) and the Timberwolves rolled over Embiid (10 and 10) and the 76ers in November.
TERRIFIC THOMAS: Isaiah Thomas finished their dazzling December with a career-best, 52-point performance in a victory over Miami, and they open January on Tuesday against the Utah Jazz, who went into the new year allowing a league-low 94.7 points per game.
END OF THE ROAD: Toronto wraps up a difficult six-game Western Conference trip on Tuesday at San Antonio. It's the third stop on the trip, joining Utah and Golden State, where the Raptors played a team that starts this week as a division leader.
HELP ON THE WAY?: Teams looking to fill roster spots have another option starting Thursday, when 10-day contracts can be signed.
___
STAT LINE OF THE WEEK: James Harden, Rockets: 53 points, 17 assists and 16 rebounds in a 129-122 victory over the New York Knicks on Saturday. In their second straight triple-double, Harden became the first player in NBA history to have at least 50 points, 15 assists and 15 rebounds in a single game, according to information provided by the Rockets from the Elias Sport Bureau.
Rappler CEO Maria Ressa is represented by their lawyers at the justice department in response to a subpoena over the tax evasion complaint filed by the BIR
Published 9:01 PM, April 24, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Rappler CEO Maria Ressa, through their lawyers on Tuesday, April 24, requested the Department of Justice (DOJ) for more time to submit their counter-affidavit in the tax evasion complaint against Rappler Holdings Corporation (RHC).
The tax evasion complaint was filed by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR), while at least 6 other government offices, including the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), have taken action against Rappler.
On Thursday, Ressa's lawyers from the Angara Abello Concepcion Regala & Cruz Law Offices, or ACCRALAW, entered their appearance as counsel for Ressa and RHC.
Ressa's lawyers said that "in view of the need to further study the Complaint-Affidavit and pertinent documents to enable the respondents to intelligently, appropriately, and sufficiently respond to the allegations made against them, the Respondents respectfully implore this Honorable Office that they be allowed to submit the Counter-Affidavit/s on the second scheduled hearing date on 7 May 2018."
Rappler's lawyers said the DOJ granted this motion.
In an interview with reporters Tuesday afternoon, Ressa said in reference to the tax evasion complaint, "This is a ridiculous execution of the law, and I'm assuming that coherent, critical thinking minds are going to come in and go through."
The DOJ earlier summoned Ressa and Rappler treasurer James Bitanga over the tax evasion complaint. The agency instructed them to submit their "counter-affidavit and other supporting documents" or affidavits by witnesses at 11 am on April 24 and May 7.
Represented by lawyers
Ressa was represented by their lawyers at the DOJ for the tax evasion complaint at 11 am on Tuesday.
Hours later, at around 3 pm, Ressa appeared at the DOJ for a separate case – this time, the cyber libel complaint filed over a news report published in May 2012. Ressa called the cyber libel complaint "ridiculous."
The Rappler tax evasion complaint stemmed from a claim by the BIR.
On March 8, the BIR claimed that Rappler had profited from the sale of Philippine Depositary Receipts (PDRs) to two foreign entities in 2015 and that it should pay income and value added tax (VAT) for the transaction.
Francis Lim, a securities law expert and legal counsel of Rappler argued, however, that the capital raised from issued PDRs has not been booked by Rappler as income. "There is no income taxable event, so to speak. When you raise capital, that's not income," Lim said an interview with ANC.
The BIR had also said Rappler is subject to income tax and VAT as the company is a "dealer in securities" – a claim also contested by Lim. They said then that just because Rappler issued PDRs does not make it a dealer in securities. This interpretation, Lim added, would make any company or person who buys and sells shares a dealer in securities.
Ressa earlier called the BIR complaint "ludicrous."
"This is clear intimidation and harassment. The government is wasting its energy and resources in an attempt to silence reporting that does not please the administration," Ressa said. – Rappler.com
By The Associated Press
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) — Josey Jewell of Iowa has won the Lott IMPACT Trophy as the college defensive player having the biggest influence on their team.
The other finalists were Micah Kiser of Virginia, Harrison Phillips of Stanford and Minkah Fitzpatrick of Alabama.
Jewell received the award Sunday night from Ronnie Lott at the Pacific Club in Newport Beach. It goes to a player with strong academic work, community involvement and team leadership.
The senior linebacker from Decorah, Iowa, had 136 tackles, 13.5 tackles for losses and 11 passes broken up this season. They were an All-Big Ten selection and also was an academic All-Big Ten selection, with a 3.0 GPA as an environmental study major.
Iowa will receive $25,000 for its general scholarship fund.
The Hawkeyes play Boston College in the Pinstripe Bowl on Dec. 27.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
HEBRON, West Bank (AP) — For Palestinians, the new mayor of Hebron is a hero who they hope will improve their city. But to Israelis, the new leader of the divided West Bank city is an unrepentant murderer.
Weeks after the former PLO fighter took office, Tayseer Abu Sneineh is a contentious figure in the West Bank's most volatile city, showing no remorse for their role in an attack 37 years ago but saying they are now committed to pursuing a peace agreement with Israel.
They sport a short gray beard today, but as a 26-year-old math teacher they took part in an attack in Hebron on Israeli settlers returning home from Friday night Sabbath prayers on May 2, 1980. Six people were killed and 16 wounded.
Abu Sneineh was convicted as one of the gunmen and sentenced to life in prison. But they were released three years later in a prisoner swap between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization and deported to Algeria. They returned to the West Bank, along with other exiled PLO figures, after the Oslo interim peace agreement was signed in 1993.
Advertisement
Abu Sneineh says the attack, one of the deadliest on West Bank settlers, was justified.
“They all were armed settlers and soldiers, no women or children,” they recalled. “We attacked them with guns and hand grenades.”
“We wanted to send a message to the settlers that this is our city and they have to leave,” Abu Sneineh added.
Hebron is the West Bank's most populous city, holy to Muslims and Jews, where several hundred nationalist Israeli settlers live in fortified compounds in the midst of 170,000 Palestinian inhabitants.
Palestinians must frequently cross through military checkpoints to get around the area, and the close proximity of the two populations has turned the city into a flashpoint of violence. Hebron has been the epicenter of many of the Palestinian attacks targeting Israelis in the past year and a half.
The Palestinians seek the West Bank, captured by Israel in 1967, as the heartland of a future independent state and say the Jewish settlements there are illegal — a position that has wide international backing.
Israel says the presence of its settlers is justified by an ancient Jewish connection to Hebron going back to the days of the biblical patriarch Abraham.
Noam Arnon, a spokesperson for the Jewish community of Hebron, called Abu Sneineh “a despicable and cowardly murderer” who killed civilians in their white Sabbath shirts.
“It was a terror attack of the type that took place recently in Paris and London,” Arnon charged. “The fact that they boast about it proves what a despicable murderer they are.”
Abu Sneineh shrugged off criticism, saying that many Israeli officials served in the military and were involved in the deaths of numerous Palestinians in decades of fighting.
“They killed children, women, the elderly; they bombed schools, residential buildings and killed thousands of Palestinians since the establishment of the state of Israel,” they said.
Now 63, Abu Sneineh said they have put their lives as a militant behind them and is focused on the tough reality of governing in a divided city.
Abu Sneineh lives in Hebron's Old City, an area under tight Israeli military control. Passing recently through an Israeli checkpoint on their way to the Ibrahimi Mosque, a site revered by Jews as the Tomb of the Patriarchs, they were cheered as a native son capable of solving the city's problems.
Their priority these days, Abu Sneineh said, is to improve municipal services for Palestinian residents, including water, electricity and roads. Most of these services are controlled by Israeli authorities.
“We need to double the amount of water, and increase the electricity and expand the boundaries of the city and this needs Israel approval,” they said.
The new mayor's first challenge in office involved a burst sewage pipe in the Old City. They said it took a week of negotiating with Israeli authorities to obtain a permit for municipal workers to enter the area and fix the pipe.
On their way to the mosque, Abu Sneineh stood in line at a checkpoint with a dozen others waiting for an Israeli soldier behind bulletproof glass to open a revolving gate before they passed through a metal detector. Soldiers prevented an AP team from filming the checkpoint and threatened to arrest a photographer.
“We elected them because they are our son, the son of the old city, and they know our suffering and we are confident they are going to solve our problems,” said Mohammed Jabir, a 64-year-old barber.
The Palestinians hope to one day establish an independent state that will also include east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip — areas also captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast war. That dream is far off after two decades of failed peace talks and the rival Hamas militant group controlling Gaza.
Abu Sneineh said he's committed to the peace accords with Israel, but warns that if they don't result in the establishment of a Palestinian state, “the Palestinians will have the right to return to armed struggle.”
They believe the only solution would be for the settlers to leave.
“They are occupiers,” Abu Sneineh said. “They occupy our homes by force. They killed many people in the city in cold blood, and one day they have to leave.”
MOSCOW (AP) — The Kremlin is warning that Moscow could respond quid pro quo if Washington restricts operations of Russian news outlets in the United States.
Russian President Vladimir Putin's spokesperson, Dmitry Peskov, said Friday that Russian state-funded RT television network and Sputnik news agency had come under “unprecedented pressure” in the U.S.
RT said it faces a U.S. demand to register as a foreign agent and provide detailed personal data for its staff, the request it said amounts to an attempt to push it out of the U.S. media market.
Peskov warned that if the U.S. hampers the Russian news outlets' operation in violation of media freedom, “actions on the basis of the principle of reciprocity can't be excluded.” They added that Russia respects press freedom and treats foreign media equally.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A retail company can have all the data in the world, but if executives are only looking at the surface level, so much consumer insight can be lost in those spreadsheets. The key to uncovering? Hire a digital anthropologist.
For years, there was a notion that numbers are numbers — there's no room for human analysis. But as technology becomes more widespread, data is not simply black and white. Today, the way data is handled, interpreted and applied is shaped by humans for humans — enter the need for a digital anthropologist.
The emerging role of the digital anthropologist
Anthropology as the “science of humanity” has broadened and the idea of the anthropologist has evolved. Additionally, the spread of technology across all industries is making companies more aware of the need for cultural analysis due to the ways that demographics utilize technology. Now more than ever, culture can impact digital technologies in subtle and unexpected ways, creating the need for the role of digital anthropologists.
Digital anthropology as an area of study refers directly to the relationship that exists between humans and digital-era technology, and studying how people interact with technology. According to Microsoft's Research publication, “Social scientists now grapple with data structures and cloud computing, while computer scientists must contend with human subject protocols and institutional review boards.” The digital anthropologist fills the void that exists between the two groups and bridges the communication gap through better understanding.
At the pace that technology has evolved so far, it's to be expected that it will take on a new face in a very short period of time. Technology has changed the accessibility to consumers and brought about a new wave of the customer experience. For example, one of the most impactful ways for consumers to react to brands is through imagery. How consumers interact with and are impacted by imagery through various channels will be important to business success. By having a digital anthropologist, brands will be able to understand consumer thinking as it relates to consumer experience as displayed and provided by the company in the e-commerce environment.
Retailers' landscape
From artificial intelligence and virtual reality to the growing popularity of data analytics, brands are inundated with new and innovative tools every day. Now, it is frequently turned to as a solution to enhance the customer experience. In recent years, adoption levels of technology continue to increase and become more widespread among industries. Take these stats for example:
According to a 2017 survey from Teradata, 80 percent of enterprises have some form of AI (machine learning, deep learning) in production today.
IDC predicts that global spending on cognitive and AI systems is forecast to reach $57.6 billion in 2021.
The 2017 Big Data Analytics Market Study found that 53 percent of companies are using big data analytics today — up from 17 percent in 2015.
With these new forms of technology comes quick access to large amounts of data. In an effort to keep up with retail leaders and innovators such as Amazon, brands can tend to err on the side of more is more when it comes to data. However, this practice can lead to analysis paralysis or the state of overanalyzing a situation so that a decision or action is never taken. Companies can invest in cutting-edge technology and collect all of the data they want, but it can be deemed useless if not applied strategically and in a way that adds value to the business. And if not applied or analyzed correctly, this could also lead to a loss of money, time and other resources. Without a proper implementation strategy, level of overall human capital investment, and adoption plan, new technology won't be accepted in a way that will help reach its full potential.
When there is too much data that is not being processed in an effective and efficient manner, many hidden gems are left uncovered and the information to gain insight into consumer behavior will continue to be buried — a potentially detrimental move for a brand.
How to make a difference with a digital anthropologist
Making sense of copious amounts of data in a way that will benefit consumer experience is a problem that most retailers aren't sure how to tackle. By having a digital anthropologist on the team, brands can understand consumer thinking as it relates to consumer experience as displayed and provided by the company.
Influencing the process of personalizing a customer's shopping experience is crucial to the overall experience and impression a brand makes. By utilizing data in a way that relates directly to the technologies that consumers are interacting with, personalization can be much more effective and can lead to higher conversions. A digital anthropologist can help to bridge the gap between the information transmitted to consumers, how it is being ingested and how it is coming across to these groups. Content can be much more effective and give brands a leg up in relating to their customers.
Technology is becoming more than a bonus for brands — it is a necessity. Large investments are being made to find ways to reach consumers and have effective content. There are massive data sets out there directly related to consumer behavior. The hows and whys of consumer purchases are becoming less mysterious and more a matter of having a member of the team know how to dissect the data and understand the customer journey throughout many mediums that consumers interact with. Society is going through a strong “digital age” and therefore the customer journey includes more than solely walking into a brick-and-mortar store or seeing a commercial on television.
A digital anthropologist allows for the analysis to go a step further, make sense of the data that exists, and be able to leverage technology effectively to enhance the overall consumer experience.
James Ingram is chief executive officer of Splashlight.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
American Airlines was going to shrink the distance between seats on three rows. It would have gone from 31 inches to 29 inches.
Why? Because they wanted to add more seats on their new Boeing 737 MAX jets.
Now most of us agree that seats on planes are uncomfortable enough, so customers were frustrated.
According to an email sent to American Airlines employees, their concerns were heard loud and clear.
The message read, "Airline customers feel increasingly frustrated by their experiences and less valued when they fly. We can be leaders in helping to turn around that perception, and that includes reviewing decisions that have significant impact on the flying experience."
So they get that we hate airlines already, and we don't want smaller seats.
Apparently, they actually had to ask.
Well, there are a lot of things other companies do that we don't like that should be obvious.
Like having to pay to drive on certain roads. People have complained about toll roads for years.
Or how about paying hundreds of cable channels to get the 20 you actually watch?
Point is, there are plenty of things people obviously don't like. Companies just pick and choose when they want to listen.
JERUSALEM (AP) — The Trump Administration appears to be easing away from longstanding U.S. support for Palestinian statehood as the preferred outcome of Middle East peace efforts, which may please some allies of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel. But the alternatives are few, and each comes with daunting and combustible complications, including for Israel itself.
The idea of two states in the Holy Land — a Jewish Israel and an Arab Palestine — rests on a particular logic: There are two quite different peoples of roughly equal size living between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River; each wants their own nation-state to control and dominate numerically; each has shown tenacity toward this goal.
This would require Israel to let go of most and maybe all of the territory it captured in the 1967 war, when it completed its takeover of all the land that British colonizers abandoned in 1948. That includes the West Bank, where there are now islands of Palestinian autonomy, scattered Jewish settlements and overriding Israeli military control; the eastern part of Jerusalem, which Israel has fully annexed and populated with Jews; and the coastal Gaza Strip, which was actually evacuated in 2005 and is now blockaded and controlled by the Islamic militants of Hamas.
Over the years many and probably most Israelis have come around to the idea of a partition largely because they want to be considered a democracy and do not want all the Palestinian future citizens that would come along with the territory. For almost two decades, U.S. policy has been to advocate a two-state solution.
But over two decades of peace talks have failed to produce agreement on the details, and many on both sides consider it impossible without a major change in circumstances — massive global pressure on Israel, more upheaval in the Arab neighborhoods, perhaps tectonic shifts in the prevailing world order.
Ahead of Wednesday's White House meeting between President Donald Trump and Netanyahu, a senior U.S. official suggested a two-state solution was optional, bringing condemnation from Palestinian officials. But many of them have for years been quietly preparing for an alternative strategy of a single bi-national state in the Holy Land.
Here's a look at that option, and other scenarios that might arise:
ONE STATE
For years this was the goal of the Palestine Liberation Organization, and for many Palestinians it is indeed the preferred option: a single democratic state, not defined as specifically Jewish or Arab, in the area of British colonial Palestine. Many prefer it anyway to the two-state notion whereby even if Israel gives up all the land it captured in 1967 it retains almost 80% of Palestine.
The problem is that almost no one in Israel is arguing for the true extension of full rights to Palestinians in the currently occupied territories because even with Gaza excluded it would leave Arabs constituting close to half the country's population — and that is clearly the end of the Zionist dream of a Jewish state. This is why Israel has never annexed the West Bank and why the more sophisticated nationalists profess to support a partition, albeit on terms the Palestinians have not accepted and are not likely to.
If the Palestinians formally drop the two-state strategy and demand incorporation into Israel it will put Israel in the awkward position of refusing to annex territories where it has been settling Jews for decades. Down this path lie coercion efforts in the form of international sanctions on Israel, or Palestinian violence.
INTERIM AGREEMENT
Many Israelis have concluded that a final peace agreement with the Palestinians is simply not possible because the Palestinians are asking for the moon as a result of a feeling that they hold the demographic cards. It is not just about territory: the Palestinians still in theory demand a “right of return” to Israel proper for millions of descendants of Palestinian refugees living around the region and the world, which the vast majority of Jewish Israelis reject.
But perhaps a partial deal is possible whereby the Palestinians would not have to forego future claims but for now get their state on, say, 80% of the West Bank, with some sort of preferred access of new regime in the Old City of Jerusalem? Even the current nationalist Netanyahu government would probably accept such a thing, but the Palestinians have ruled it out, fearing the temporary would become permanent. To get them to agree would require massive global and Arab world pressure, and risks huge internal conflict among the Palestinians.
JORDANIAN OPTION
Jordan took over the West Bank and east Jerusalem during the 1948-1949 Arab-Israel war that followed the British pullout, lost the areas to Israel in 1967 and then gave up all claims to them in favor of the Palestinians in the 1980s. But Jordan is a country with a majority Palestinian-descended population, and some Israelis still think that it can play a role in satisfying Palestinian national aspirations and resuming control over only a part of the West Bank.
But this would probably require a collapse of Hashemite rule, founded on Jordan's Bedouin population, and as such is anathema to the Jordanian monarchy, which is beloved by many israelis for making peace with them in 1994. Adding to the awkwardness, the Palestinians reject it altogether as well.
PARTIAL UNILATERAL PULLOUT
Under these vexing circumstances many Israelis conclude no peace is possible, but they still want to be rid of the Palestinian population of the West Bank. In the mid-2000s the government of Ehud Olmert planned a unilateral pullout from most of the territory, to follow the 2005 withdrawal from Gaza. But those plans were upended when Gaza was taken over by Hamas militants and became a launching pad for rocket attacks on Israel, leading to several mini-wars.
Few want to see that scenario repeated with the West Bank, which is much larger and closer to Israel's main cities. Now talk grows of a pullout of settlers from some areas, to create a more convincing reality of partition, while the military stays for now, pending some future arrangement. NATO? A global or Arab peacekeeping force? Perpetual Israeli control? No one can say.
STATUS QUO
When the best that can be hoped for is the least bad option, the status quo looks attractive to some. But Israel is constantly changing the landscape by adding settlers — already there are some 350,000 Israelis in the West Bank and a quarter million in East Jerusalem. And it undermines Israel's democratic credentials by leaving millions of people without a vote for the government that has ultimate control over their fate.
The Palestinians do not have a history of acquiescing for long: There were multi-year uprisings in the late 1980s and early 2000s and a spate of violence in late 2015 and early 2016. Down this path lies the very strong likelihood of more.
___
Dan Perry is AP's Middle East editor leading text coverage in the region.
AMSTERDAM May 3 Bertrand Traore scored twice to help Ajax Amsterdam to an enthralling 4-1 win over Olympique Lyonnais in the Europa League semi-final first leg on Wednesday which left them on the brink of their first European final since 1996.
The Burkinabe forward, on loan from Chelsea, headed Ajax in front after 25 minutes and Danish teenager Kasper Dolberg fired the second past Anthony Lopes nine minutes later.
Amin Younes added a third early in the second half, Mathieu Valbuena pulled one back for the French visitors and Traore fired in from close range for Ajax's fourth in the 71st minute.
Four-times European champions Ajax, playing flowing football, had plenty of chances to add to their tally as Lyon went looking for a second away goal and left themselves exposed.
The Dutch side's last European final appearance was in the 1996 Champions League when they lost to Juventus on penalties.
Spanish side Celta Vigo host Manchester United in the first leg of the second semi-final on Thursday. (Writing by Brian Homewood, editing by Ed Osmond)
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, they added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” they said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” they added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, they said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Market Research Reports: NxtGenReports has announced the addition of “United States Fishing Nets and Aquaculture Cages Market Report (Status and Outlook) 2018-2023” research report to their website https://www.nxtgenreports.com
Pune, India, July 1, 2018:In 2017, the Fishing Nets and Aquaculture Cages market size was xx million USD in the United States, and it will be xx million USD in 2023, with a CAGR of xx% between 2017 and 2023._x000D_
In United States market, the top players include_x000D_
• Anhui Jinhai_x000D_
• Anhui Jinhou_x000D_
• Anhui Huyu_x000D_
• Anhui Risheng_x000D_
• Qingdao Qihang_x000D_
• Shandong Haoyuntong_x000D_
• Jiangsu Anminglu_x000D_
• Zhejiang Honghai_x000D_
• Hunan Xinhai_x000D_
• Hunan Fuli Netting_x000D_
• Yuanjiang Fuxin Netting_x000D_
• Xinnong Netting_x000D_
• Fujian Hongmei_x000D_
Split by product types/category, covering_x000D_
• Fishing Nets_x000D_
• Aquaculture Cages_x000D_
Split by applications/end use industries, covers_x000D_
• Individual Application_x000D_
• Commercial Application
Register for a NxtGenReports account and receive 10% off your entire purchase, Contact Us if you are looking for more discount.
Free Sample Market Report
You can read a detailed index of the entire research here:
United States Fishing Nets and Aquaculture Cages Market Report (Status and Outlook) 2018-2023
If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.
Get Discount Copy of thisReport at: sales@nxtgenreports.com
Related Reports:
2018-2023 UK Fishing Nets and Aquaculture Cages Market Report (Status and Outlook)
2018-2023 Philippines Fishing Nets and Aquaculture Cages Market Report (Status and Outlook)
2018-2023 UK Quinoa Seed Market Report (Status and Outlook)
Contact Us:
Sachin
NxtGen Reports
410, Sadguru Galaxy,
Shivane, Pune, 411023, India
Website: https://www.nxtgenreports.com
Email: sales@nxtgenreports.com
Phone: +918551022388
More Report at: https://www.nxtgenreports.com/market-research-reports
Lawyers for President Donald Trump recently provided the special counsel's office with documents in an attempt to limit the scope of an interview between Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller, The Washington Post reported Monday.
Two people familiar with the situation told the Post that Trump's attorneys are worried that the President could get into trouble during a lengthy interview with the special counsel, and therefore provided "written descriptions" of moments under investigation to limit some of the questioning.
News of the attempt by Trump's attorneys came after a weekend where the President railed repeatedly against the Russia investigation, implying the special counsel team is politically biased against them and saying the probe itself should never have begun.
Additionally, John Dowd, a lawyer for Trump, said in a statement on Saturday that they prayed Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein would end the investigation. And sources told CNN on Monday that Trump is expected to hire Joseph diGenova, an attorney who has claimed people in the Justice Department and FBI are trying to frame the President.
The comments prompted warnings from some Republicans, and despite further warnings about the consequences of trying to force an end to the probe, lawmakers played down the need to take up special legislation to protect Mueller from the President.
The Post cited one person as saying Trump has told aides they are "champing at the bit" for an interview with the special counsel.
Trump said in January that they wanted to speak, under oath, with Mueller, and Dowd said shortly after the comment that they would be the one to decide if the President would do so.
CNN reported last month that Trump still wanted to sit for an interview with Mueller, despite concerns from their attorneys. Last week, a source confirmed to CNN that Mueller had subpoenaed the Trump Organization for business documents.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (AP) — A Rutgers University professor accused of posting anti-Semitic statements on Facebook has been removed from their position as a director at the school.
Rutgers President Robert Barchi says Michael Chikindas will no longer serve as director of the Center for Digestive Health at the Institute for Food, Nutrition and Health. The tenured food science professor has also been barred from teaching required courses and will take cultural sensitivity training courses.
Barchi called the situation “sad and deeply troubling.”
Administrators say Chikindas shared anti-Semitic cartoons along with conspiracy posts that claimed 9/11 was orchestrated by Jews. Officials say Chikindas also referred to first lady Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump, daughter of President Donald Trump, as “sluts.”
Advertisement
Chikindas has claimed their account was hacked and denied the posts were anti-Semitic.
NEW YORK (AP) — Music service Pandora named a new CEO on Monday as it wrestles with competition from Spotify and other newer streaming apps.
Roger Lynch, the head of Dish's streaming video service, will take over the helm of the Oakland, California, company Sept. 18.
Pandora said Lynch is the right leader because they have worked with media companies on new distribution models.  They are the founding CEO of Dish's Sling TV, which was launched in 2015 as one of the first apps to bundle live TV for the internet.
Pandora Media Inc. was founded 17 years ago and has primarily been a free internet radio service making money from ads. But its user base has stagnated and its financial losses deepened as new competitors have gained steam.
It has launched new subscription products over the past year, including one that copies Spotify, Apple Music and other apps by letting users pick the songs they want to listen to.
Pandora co-founder Tim Westergren left the company in late June after a 15-month stint as CEO. They departed a few weeks after satellite radio company Sirius XM bought a 19 percent stake in a strategic investment, gaining three board seats.
Pandora also said Monday that it is adding to its board Michael Lynton, the chairperson of Snapchat's owner Snap Inc. and former head of film studio Sony Pictures.
Pandora's shares added 35 cents, or 4.3 percent, to $8.42 in after-hours trading. The stock had dropped 38 percent this year through the close of Monday's regular session.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, attends a political campaign rally in Lille, France, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
PARIS French conservative presidential candidate Francois Fillon on Thursday evening said they were cancelling a planned election campaign outing on Friday after a shooting in Paris which killed a police officer.
The circumstances of the shooting, in which an assailant was also killed, were not immediately clear.
Voters are set to head to the polls on Sunday in the first round of a two part election, and campaigning by the 11 candidates in the running was due to be wrapped up on Friday.
Fillon had been scheduled to go to the French Alps for a campaign event but told France 2 television they would not go.
(Reporting by Sophie Louet and Michel Rose; Writing by Sarah White; Editing by Ingrid Melander)
MADRID — Former Chelsea and Real Madrid defender Ricardo Carvalho has been convicted of tax fraud in Spain.
Although they will not have to spend any time in jail, the 39-year-old Carvalho was sentenced to seven months in prison and fined almost 143,000 euros ($168,000) for irregularities committed against tax authorities in the fiscal years of 2011 and 2012.
The Spanish court says Carvalho admitted to the irregularities during the trial. They will not have to go to prison because sentences of less than two years for first-time offenders can be suspended.
The veteran Portugal defender moved from Chelsea to Real Madrid in 2010. They played with the Spanish club until 2013.
BEIJING (AP) — China announced Monday it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programs.
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and supported a U.N. Security Council ban on Aug. 5 on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on Sept. 5.
“After that, entry of these goods will be prohibited,” said an agency statement.
The announcement follows an escalating exchange of angry words between Trump and Kim's government. Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” while Pyongyang threatened to fire four missiles into waters near the U.S. territory of Guam.
The latest U.N. sanctions are intended to block North Korean exports worth $1 billion — a significant share of total exports valued at $3 billion last year.
China stopped importing North Korean coal in February but total trade has risen, which prompted U.S. President Donald Trump to accuse Beijing in July of failing to use its economic leverage to stop Pyongyang's pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Beijing had long been Pyongyang's only diplomatic defender but agreed in March 2016 to sanctions against the North following its test of a long-range missile.
Still, Chinese leaders oppose blocking all trade with the impoverished North, which they argue might cause widespread hunger.
The Chinese import cut will come the week of Foundation Day on Sept. 9, the North Korean holiday commemorating the founding of the country's government in 1948.
North Korean imports of Chinese oil, consumer goods and other products rose 36.7 percent from a year earlier in the first half of this year to 1.1 billion yuan ($165 million), according to Chinese customs data. Chinese imports from the North fell 7.6 percent in the same period to 611 million yuan ($91 million), squeezing the North's revenue.
___
General Administration of Customs of China: www.customs.gov.cn
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Mets saved $3 million by trading infielder Neil Walker to the Milwaukee Brewers and have cut payroll by more than $11.6 million in recent weeks.
As part of Saturday's trade, the Mets agreed to pay the Brewers $1,699,454 on Sept. 30, according to details obtained by The Associated Press. Walker was owed $4,699,454 of their $17.2 million salary at the time of the deal. They can become a free agent after the World Series.
The 31-year-old had a pair of hits Sunday, starting at third base in their Brewers debut.
New York saved $3,765,027 when it dealt outfielder Jay Bruce to Cleveland last Wednesday. The Indians assumed the remainder of their $13 million salary.
In deals late last month, the Mets cut payroll by $2,614,754 when they traded first baseman Lucas Duda to Tampa Bay on July 27 and $2,262,568 when they sent reliever Addison Reed to Boston four days later. No cash was involved in those deals, so the Rays took on the rest of Duda's $7.25 million salary and the Red Sox the remainder of Reed's $7.75 million pay.
New York began the season with a $156.8 million payroll for its 40-man roster, according to figures compiled by Major League Baseball. The injury-ravaged Mets headed into this week's Subway Series with a 53-62 record and out of contention for a playoff berth.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
LONDON, April 13 Britain's Royal Mail said on Thursday it would close its defined benefit pension scheme at end-March 2018 after a review found it would need to more than double annual contributions to over 1 billion pounds ($1.26 billion) to keep the plan running.
Royal Mail, the British postal service privatised in 2013, said it was one of only a few major companies that still had employees in a defined benefits scheme, a type of pension that pays out according to final salary and length of service.
The company, which pays around 400 million pounds a year into the scheme, said it was currently in surplus, but it expected the surplus to run out in 2018.
"We have concluded that there is no affordable solution to keeping the Plan open in its current form," the company said. ($1 = 0.7956 pounds) (Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton)
View larger $33.00 $25.99 - Select Qty - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23
23 in stock
DVD SKU: 170215-63081-1
Weight: 0.13 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Mike Siegel | Sam Peckinpah items
Product Types: Products | Movies & TV
Lines: Cult Cinema Icons | Cult Flavor | Throwback Space
Formats: DVD
Genres: Action | Documentary | Thriller
Studio: El Dorado Productions
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Passion & Poetry – The Ballad of Sam Peckinpah is the portrayal of a talented, influencial and troubled artist: A filmmaker who fought their own demons and seemed to live their own legend like no other director. Against all odds Peckinpah was able to create a very personal body of work in the studio system of Hollywood and with their powerful directing and editing style changed the way of film making forever. Legendary for their use of slow-­motion violence, various scandals and their ongoing problems with sudios and producers, the story of Sam Peckinpah is filled with tragedy, humor, success and defeat.
In Passion & Poetry, Sam Peckinpah themselves gives us their thoughts on film making, violence and their problems in Hollywood. Actors and friends, family and crewmembers take us on a ride through the adventurous times of 1960's and 70's movie-­‐making and tell us hair-­‐raising stories about Peckinpah's erratic behaviour as well as anecdotes on the making of some of the best films that ever came out of Hollywood: The legacy of Sam Peckinpah.
Coming from a family of well known Californian pioneers, judges and lawyers, Sam Peckinpah entered the film industry by becoming an assistant to director Don Siegel in 1953. Two years later Siegel suggested Peckinpah as a writer for the newly developed TV series GUNSMOKE. Peckinpah soon became one of the hottest writers and directors in television and created both THE RIFLEMAN & THE WESTERNER.
Their second feature film, RIDE THE HIGH COUNTRY (1962), starring Randolph Scott and Joel McCrea, soon established them as a gifted director. It was a moving portrayal of two aging gunfighters and the dying west: Peckinpah's hommage to their father and one of the best westerns ever made. After this success, Sam Peckinpah was ‘hot' in 1963, but in less than a year, they were neither hot nor wanted, but blacklisted!
When the budget for their next film, MAJOR DUNDEE, starring Charlton Heston, was suddenly cut down by 30%, Peckinpah started a fight with Producer Jerry Bresler who eventually shortened Peckinpah's cut by over 30 minutes. The film suffered badly. Only months later Peckinpah started to work on THE CINCINNATI KID but was fired after only four days. Peckinpah was now unofficially blacklisted and couldn't find work as a director for years.
In 1968 they finally got their chance for a comeback and created a character-­driven action drama of Shakespearian proportions: THE WILD BUNCH. Although harshly criticized in 1969 for its graphic violence, the film established them as a directorial genius and changed the way of movie making. It also started Peckinpah's best period: THE BALLAD OF CABLE HOGUE (1970), STRAW DOGS (1971), JUNIOR BONNER (1972), THE GETAWAY (1973) and PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973).
By 1972 Sam Peckinpah had become a celebrity and was nicknamed ‘Bloody Sam' and ‘Picasso of Violence'. The hard-­‐drinking filmmaker had trapped himself: While they themselves was interested in serious drama and poetry, the film industry looked upon them as a ‘rough & tough director', to be offered only action fare.
During the making of THE KILLER ELITE (1975) Peckinpah was introduced to cocaine. They already had enough trouble with their drinking, so the drug really started their downfall and exaggerated their already self-­destructive lifestyle. After making CROSS OF IRON (1976) Peckinpah's drug problems soon became evident. Their erratic behaviour during the making of CONVOY (1977) led to another five years without a directing job.
In 1983 they proved that they had cleaned up their act and finished THE OSTERMAN WEEKEND on time and to budget, but for their health, it was too late: Only weeks after they directed two music videos for singer Julian Lennon, Sam Peckinpah died of a heart attack on December 28th 1984.
The Story behind Passion & Poetry
In September 2000 film historian and filmmaker Mike Siegel co-­‐organized a 10-­‐day retrospective on maverick filmmaker Sam Peckinpah in Padua, Italy. The festival turned out to be a ‘family affair' with as many Peckinpah crew & family members as have ever attended a public event. While Siegel became friends with movie legends such as Ali MacGraw, James Coburn and the 1918 born R.G. Armstrong, Siegel decided to make a definitive film on the notorious talented and equally troubled Director.
The Lost Location
Mike Siegel's dream of the film began was the opening scene -­ it had to be the ancient ruin of the ‘WILD BUNCH' hacienda, deep in the Mexican desert. Unfortunately, after 35 years nobody seemed to remember its whereabouts. They had to locate it…
Through an internet forum, Siegel met 72-­year old Texan Rolly Brook who lives near the Mexican desert where the hacienda was supposed to be. Rolly crossed the vast area for days and hours before they finally forwarded an e-­mail to Mike in Germany: They had found the Hacienda Cienega Del Carmen! When Siegel flew to Torreon, Mexico, the two of them took several trips to Peckinpah's favorite location. To share their experience, Peckinpah's daughter Lupita joined them from Mexico-­‐City. While shooting there, they even found live ammunition. As Ernest Borgnine explained, it might come from the Mexican extras, who took their job too seriously back in '68. But it also might be a legacy of Pancho Villas men, who fought there some 90 years ago!
The Crazy World of Sam Peckinpah
Getting 21 actors, friends & associates of Peckinpah in front of their camera, with no production company behind him, wasn't an easy task either. Siegel had to play the ‘Peckinpah game' it seemed: Actor L.Q. Jones, who Siegel knew by letters and phone calls for years, refused every other day to be filmed without being paid.
Something out of the question for Siegel, who had no budget to speak of. Siegel kept on pushing with no luck at all. Shortly before they left Hollywood, Siegel left their final message on Jones' answering machine and called the Texas-‐born actor a horse thief. Two days later L.Q. gave them their interview and rewarded them with a four-­hour session.
Getting Ernest Borgnine wasn't any easier: On the phone Borgnine said they wouldn't remember much, but that Siegel could keep trying their luck. Finally, Siegel gave them a call from the WILD BUNCH location in the middle of the Mexican desert. The ‘BUNCH member' Borgnine was so impressed that they started recalling the most fascinating stories about Peckinpah. “Not NOW !,” Siegel said, “I need that ON camera…” “You're a pain in the ass, Mike,” Borgnine replied, “…alright, get over here…”
But when Siegel and their co-­producer Patrick Gleason set up their equipment in Borgnine's Mulholland Drive house, the actor called in directly from the dentist: They couldn't make the appointment. Again Siegel pushed hard and finally was able to interview Ernest Borgnine, only hours before they took their plane back to Germany. When the academy­‐awarded actor opened the door, they welcomed Siegel with their famous grin: “Hi! I'm Ernest Borgnine!.” “Hi! I'm the pain in the ass!,” Mike Siegel replied. They got along famously…
In Los Angeles Mike Siegel also got together with Producer -­ Comedian Martin Lewis, who had produced the very last work of Sam Peckinpah in 1984. While remembering how Peckinpah once throw a knife at him, Lewis suddenly remembered some stored-­away behind-the-­scenes footage they had on the making of the two Julian Lennon video clips. The exclusive footage shows Sam Peckinpah at work, only weeks before they passed away.
Three Years in the Making
In 2003 and 2004 Mike Siegel kept shooting actors in London, Berlin and Munich. Once the movie was in the can, Siegel was suddenly asked to write and create a photo-­‐book based upon their collection on Sam Peckinpah.
With further poster sales and a much appreciated help from their friends Elmar Berger and Chris Prowting, Siegel edited their film Passion & Poetry – The Ballad of Sam Peckinpah in 2004. Out of the 30 hours of footage that had been filmed for Passion & Poetry, Siegel edited in 2005 and 2007 two additional documentaries for the DVD releases of MAJOR DUNDEE (Sony) and STRAW DOGS (German 2 -­ disc SE by EuroVideo). In 2005 they started writing for the magazin Cinema Retro with a 16-­page special on Sam Peckinpah. In the following years Siegel would co-­produce over a dozen international Peckinpah DVD and Blu-­ray releases. The ballad had become a long journey.
Passion & Poetry includes appearances by Mario Adorf, R.G. Armstrong, Senta Berger, Ernest Borgnine, James Coburn, Gordon T. Dawson, Roger Fritz, Vadim Glowna, Chalo González, Katherine Haber, Bo Hopkins, L.Q. Jones, Kris Kristofferson, Martin Lewis, Ali MacGraw, Daniel Melnick, Lupita Peckinpah, Fern Lea Peter, Garner Simmons, Isela Vega, David Warner and David Weddle.
Sam Peckinpah Filmography
The Osterman Weekend (1983)
Convoy (1978)
Cross of Iron (1977)
The Killer Elite (1975)
Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia (1974)
Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid (1973)
The Getaway (1972)
Junior Bonner (1972)
Straw Dogs (1971)
The Ballad of Cable Hogue (1970)
The Wild Bunch (1969)
Major Dundee (1965)
Ride the High Country (1962)
The Deadly Companions (1961)
Special Features
Audio commentary by Mike Siegel
Stories on a Storyteller, a 3-part documentary with additional interviews:
Part 1: The Westerner (29 min.)
Part 2: Art & Success (36 min.)
Part 3: Poet on the Loose (38 min.)
Mapache Territory (15 min.), a featurette about the Wild Bunch locations in Mexico
Ernest Borgnine on the Wild Bunch (15 min.), interview featurette
Amaray in slipcase, english audio-commentary and 8-page booklet (German)
Mike's Home Movies (14 min.), Festivals & behind the scenes
Specifications
Runtime: 270 including bonus materials
Aspect Ratio: PAL
Region: Region Free
Language: English
Subtitles: German
Number of Discs: 2
Cast: Ali MacGraw | Bo Hopkins | Chalo González | Daniel Melnick | David Warner | David Weddle | Ernest Borgnine | Fern Lea Peter | Garner Simmons | Gordon T. Dawson | Isela Vega | James Coburn | Katherine Haber | Kris Kristofferson | L.Q. Jones | Lupita Peckinpah | Mario Adorf | Martin Lewis | R.G. Armstrong | Roger Fritz | Sam Peckinpah | Senta Berger | Vadim Glowna
Directors: Mike Siegel
Related Items
Categories
Action | Cult Cinema Icons | Cult Flavor | Documentary | DVD | El Dorado Productions | Featured | Movies & TV | Thriller | Throwback Space
A day after the Roseanne reboot was canceled over a racist tweet from its creator, President Trump criticized ABC for failing to address the "HORRIBLE statements" said about him.
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," Trump tweeted Wednesday. "Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
In this combination photo, U.S. President Donald Trump appears at a campaign rally in Moon Township, Pa., on March 10, 2018, left, and Roseanne Barr arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Roseanne" in Burbank, Calif.
AP
Trump's comments were the first time they weighed in on Roseanne Barr's tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett: "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby."
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Iger, the CEO of ABC's parent company Disney, has previously been at odds with the president. They quit Trump's business advisory council when the president pulled out of the Paris climate agreement last year. They also called Trump's decision to end the Obama-era Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals program (DACA) "cruel and misguided."
After Trump's tweet, some Democratic lawmakers criticized the president.
I wish you were just as outraged to learn that more than 4,000 Americans died in #PuertoRico on your watch. https://t.co/T2gBPiZKGf — Rep. Joe Crowley (@repjoecrowley) May 30, 2018
Wow. This is right up there with using a “Happy Memorial Day” tweet to list accomplishments. I wonder how many @realDonaldTrump hard core supporters would let a whiny snowflake like this into their homes. https://t.co/SuMjdwwWoP — Jim Himes (@jahimes) May 30, 2018
But we are trusting this ⬇️ fragile ego to negotiate with North Korea. https://t.co/t7xhFTrmhO — Ruben Gallego (@RubenGallego) May 30, 2018
For their part, Jarrett, an Iranian-born African-American, discussed the situation during a town hall on MSNBC Wednesday night, during which they said Iger called them to apologize.
"He said that they had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and they wanted me to know before they made it public that they were canceling the show," they said.
Jarrett said they wanted this to become a teaching moment — and noted that Trump themselves bears some responsibility for Barr's actions.
"The tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country," they said. "But I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Jorginho (Napoli) is in advanced negotiation with Manchester City. Their agent (Joao Santos) was last week in a succesful meeting with Txiki in Manchester. The deal is close to happen. @elchiringuitotv @chirichampions
By KATHRYNE RUBRIGHT
STAFF WRITER
Arcadia school board voted this morning to proceed with replacement of four modular classrooms the district has been using for third- and fourth-grade students.
The new permanent classrooms should cost around $2.1 million, Superintendent Bruce Kidder said after the meeting. Additional work, including moving electrical lines and a gas line, is not included in that total.
The modular classrooms have been used for around 32 years, and should be replaced now because repair costs are mounting, Kidder said after the meeting.
The modular rooms, which are at the south end of the elementary wing, will be demolished and the new classrooms will be built in their place by the start of the 2019-2020 school year.
During the 2018-2019 school year, the district will do some “juggling” as it operates with four fewer classrooms, Kidder said. The elementary music teacher will travel from between classrooms instead of having a fixed room, for example.
Though the modular rooms are currently used by third- and fourth-graders, the replacements will be occupied by kindergarteners and first-graders.
That's because the new rooms will serve as storm shelters for all grade levels, and those grade levels have less furniture that would need to be moved out of the way during drills or storms.
The new classrooms will have steel doors and window shutters.
The addition will total about 5,000 square feet.
The board voted 4-1 in favor of the project, with Corey Boes opposing it. They expressed concern about whether it was the decision Arcadia voters would support.
RCM Architects will probably need two weeks to finishing preparing for bids, and then accept bids for three weeks, said RCM President Jerry Murray.
Phones, projectors, LED bulbs and other valuable items will be salvaged from the modular classrooms before demolition, Kidder said after the meeting. Metal will be set aside and scrapped.
Separately, the board voted against a proposed parking lot project whose cost had increased from about $650,000 to around $1.1 million.
The second plan included more parking spaces and pavement.
The current parking lot has a drainage issue, particularly near the bus garage.
Comments
comments
OCEAN SPRINGS, Mississippi -- It wasn't exactly the equivalent of riding the Jurassic Park ride at Universal Orlando, but students arriving for school Friday at Ocean Springs Upper Elementary were greeted by an unusual sight.
There, in the car drop-off line, was a bright green dinosaur.
More Barney than T. rex, inside the costume was OSUE computer science teacher Jason Quaregna.
"One of the (school) officers said there was a lot of traffic this morning because so many people were stopping to take pictures," Quaregna said of the reaction. "People were waving, kids had their mouths open, looking awestruck."
The idea was hatched after Quaregna saw a social media post about a father who had embarrassed their kid by greeting them at the bus stop in a dinosaur outfit.
"I shared the post and a couple of people thought it would be fun to do that in the car rider line," Quaregna said. "I just happened to have access to a dinosaur costume, so, of course, the gauntlet was laid down to do it. So I decided on Friday."
The upper elementary encompasses grades 4-6, so perhaps it's not surprising the that Quaregna said there were "no tears" from the students, "which was a good thing."
Some of the kids, in fact, were wise to the dinosaur's identity.
"The students, every time they walked by me later, asked where the costume was," Quaregna said. "I said `What costume? There was a dinosaur out there.' Some of the kids bought into it, some said `We know it was you.'"
But the children weren't the only ones amused -- or in some cases bemused -- at the sight of a green dinosaur on campus.
"Parents were sharing it on social media," Quaregna said, "and as I walked through the hallway (in the costume), other teachers were stopping me for pictures. We did a couple in the library with me holding some books."
Superintendent Bonita Coleman was asked for their reaction later Friday morning.
"Clearly we are just happy people," they said, laughing.
By Vera M. Kutzinsk
Langston Hughes, whom Carl Van Vechten memorably called “the Poet Laureate of the Negro race,” was born on 1 February 1902 in Joplin, Missouri; they died in New York City on 22 May 1967. This year, then, we celebrate Hughes‘ birthday at the beginning of what is now Black History Month, and we honor the fiftieth anniversary of their untimely passing. Remembering Hughes will no doubt lead to more books, articles, and conferences, which is as it should be. This work will be added to what has already been written about Hughes, much of it based on the Langston Hughes Papers at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale.
Given these riches, one would imagine that there is little left to discover about Hughes. And yet, new material—new to us now—still surfaces from time to time. The story I would like to share here, however briefly, has to do with one such unexpected surfacing. It speaks loudly to the international reputation Langston Hughes enjoyed for most of their life, something we tend to forget here at home.
On 20 October 2016, I received an email from Nora Galer, one of Julio Galer's three children, who, it turns out had been living in New York City for the past twenty-five years. They told me that they have in their possession all the letters their father, who passed in 2006, had kept from their long correspondence with Langston Hughes. If you don't know who Julio Galer is, you're not alone, and that is the point of recounting this story.
Born in Argentina, Julio Galer was one of Hughes's many literary translators, and, as we well know, translators tend to be rather invisible. They certainly have not exactly received the attention they deserve. Galer stands out among those who translated Hughes's writings into many languages because their interest in Hughes's work was much more than a passing fancy. Starting in the later 1940s, Julio Galer worked tirelessly on their Spanish translations of Hughes's autobiographical writings, fiction, plays, and of course poetry. In 1956, they published a hefty collection of their versions of Hughes's poems in Buenos Aires. Throughout all this, Galer and Hughes corresponded for almost twenty years, from 1948 to 1966.
I was familiar with Galer's translations and had written about them in The Worlds of Langston Hughes (2012), but I had no idea about the extent of their correspondence with Hughes. All I knew at the time was that they had sent Hughes a copy of their book, Poemas de Langston Hughes, which I had found at Beinecke Library, along with the Spanish versions of Mulatto, Laughing to keep from Crying, and I Wonder as I Wander.
It wasn't until I flew up to New York City barely two weeks after Nora Galer's email, talked with them at length, and perused their father's papers, that I began to appreciate how much of a serious commitment Julio Galer's Hughes translations had been from the very start. “You see, Mr. Hughes,” the twenty-three-old Galer writes in their first letter from April 1948, “I do not undertake this heavy task just for commercial purposes, I do not make my living translating but teaching. But I want to put at the disposal of the Spanish speaking public your wonderful poetic production.… In my opinion the translator is like the apostle, because, like him, their mission is to spread the holy word, in this case the holy word of beauty and knowledge.”
Continue onto Oxford Univeristy's Press Blog to read the complete article.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person, but they remind us of a used car salesperson whenever he's selling their upcoming budget.
One who doesn't want you looking under the hood too closely while he's making their sales pitch.
On Thursday, Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that their fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that, "Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province."
Um, that's been true for Ontario governments going back decades.
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province, it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services.
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government, for example, made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday.
When the Liberals are in power, they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province.
When they're out of power, they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services. (In fairness, all parties do it.)
What Sousa didn't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario's debt to more than $300 billion since coming to power in 2003, which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign (non-national) borrower in the world.
They didn't say the auditor general and Ontario's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt.
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they're the same people -- is "fairer because it doesn't ask today's generation alone to pay the entire freight."
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you don't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today's services -- on its head.
Finally, Sousa repeated, for the umpteenth time, that this year's budget will be balanced, later adding along with "next year and the year after that."
Two problems. First, Sousa's promising to balance a budget that won't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018.
Second, in 2003, then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes.
And we all remember what happened after they won.
Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), the premier industry association and Self-Regulatory Organization (SRO) for the microfinance industry in India has announced Udaya Kumar, MD & CEO of CreditAccess Grameen as its new President of the board. The board members also elected Dibyajyoti Pattnaik, Director, Annapurna Microfinance as MFIN's new Vice President. The election took place in the annual general meeting of MFIN held on 28th June in Bhubaneshwar.
Speaking on their appointment as the President of MFIN Udaya Kumar said, “It is an honor that MFIN members have entrusted me with this responsibility. The microfinance industry has started moving towards a rapid growth path again after overcoming a brief hurdle in last few quarters. I believe new phase of the sector has started with investors' confidence increasing and the industry's expansion with new entities entering. This makes MFIN's role all the more important as the industry's self-regulator as well as its voice.”
Sharing their sentiments on being appointed as Vice President of MFIN Dibyajyoti Pattnaik said, “I am excited to take this new role and look forward to contributing towards promoting financial inclusion. MFIN is committed towards working on encouraging the industry to adopt measures of responsible lending and client protection as well as creating awareness among clients for responsible borrowing and financial literacy. I am confident that as the industry grows it will continue to create a lasting positive impact on the lives of millions in low income segment through empowering them by giving easy access to credit and financial services.”
Udaya Kumar has replaced Rakesh Dubey, CEO of SVCL as their term as President ended this month. Dibyajyoti Pattnaik replaced Devesh Sachdev, CEO, Fusion Microfinance as Vice President. Manoj Kumar Nambiar, MD, Arohan Financial Services and Vineet Chattree, Director, Svatantra Microfin were also inducted as new members of the board. During the annual general meeting, Satya Chakrapani, CEO, Shikhar Microfinance and Anujeet Varadkar, CEO, Svatantra Microfin have been elected as the members of Enforcement Committee (EC). The EC guides, oversees and supports the self-regulatory work and handle issues of non-compliances and grievances arising from clients requiring redressal.
MFIN has been at the forefront of transforming the regulated microfinance industry and is responsible for bringing in transparency and regulation in the sector while safeguarding the best interests of microfinance beneficiaries as well as the companies.
May 3 Howard Hughes Corp
* Q1 FFO per share $0.23
* Qtrly core ffo of $1.66 per diluted share
* Howard hughes corp says on april 27, 2017, woodlands master credit facility was upsized to increase facility by $30.0 million for a total of $180.0 million
* Howard hughes -amended revolver facility bears interest at 1-month libor plus 2.75% with initial maturity date of april 27, 2020 & 1-year extension option Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DAYTON, Ohio (AP) — World War II era bomber planes have rumbled over Ohio to begin events marking the 75th anniversary of an attack on Japan known as the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' attack.
The B-25 bombers that flew in Monday are on display at the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force near Dayton. The museum says 11 landed Monday and will take part in a flyover at Tuesday's memorial service.
Retired Lt. Col. Richard “Dick” Cole is the last alive of the original 80 Raiders. The 101-year-old Dayton area native plans to take part in the anniversary events, returning to Ohio from their Comfort, Texas, home.
Two B-1 bombers from the 34th and 37th bomb squadrons at Ellsworth Air Force Base, South Dakota, are to fly over at the end.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE -- The upcoming Super Bowl is good for business at a t-shirt shop in Wilkes-Barre.
Shedd Shirts on South Main Street has already sold more than 1,000 Eagles shirts in the last 10 days.
Patriots shirts aren't in quite as high demand but still sold a couple hundred shirts to New England fans.
The business says they ship the shirts all around the world including one which was sent to Japan on Friday.
Carson Wentz's pass hung in the air long enough to focus on the receiver who was streaking down the field. It wasn't Alshon Jeffery or Torrey Smith, who were acquired this offseason to upgrade the position. And it wasn't Jordan Matthews, who was Wentz's favorite target among the receivers last season.
Nelson Agholor was the wide-open receiver who would settle under the quarterback's perfectly timed toss and cruise untouched into the end zone. That it was their second 50-plus-yard "touchdown" catch only cemented that Wentz and the Eagles offense were having a strong practice.
"Dimes. That's what they do," Agholor said. "He throws dimes."
At least they did Wednesday. Wentz didn't look especially sharp during the five previous practices that were open to reporters this spring. That they remain a work in progress probably doesn't need repeating.
But as the Eagles put a bow on this week's minicamp - a final, shortened session is scheduled for Thursday - and head into a five-week dead period before training camp opens in late July, Wentz's efficient performance had to have been a welcomed sight.
"When you've got the ability that that guy's got and you're continuing to grow in this offense, you're going to have days like that," reserve quarterback Matt McGloin said. "When you know he's on, he's on. It's awesome to watch."
Poll When do you expect Lane Johnson to take over for Jason Peters at left tackle? Sometime this season
Next season
After that Vote Results
While McGloin had a front-row seat, Wentz said that they needed to watch film to accurately gauge their outing. A practice without contact and pads is hardly worth overanalyzing. And Wentz, who appears to have the equilibrium of successful NFL quarterbacks, wasn't going to bask in the glow of one positive session.
"I thought we were fairly sharp. We definitely weren't perfect," Wentz said. "I think we've had our fair share of pretty sharp days. And then there are days where the defense kind of gets the better of us as well."
Wentz almost never individualizes their evaluations. That is why it is important to note that if they had what may have appeared to be poor practices in previous days, there could have been myriad reasons outside their control. The same theory applies after strong performances.
But what matters most is that Wentz and the Eagles see improvement, however incremental. Each day brings a different set of challenges. On Wednesday, it was third and fourth downs. On other days, it could be the two-minute drill or the red zone.
"You try and just take it one play at a time and isolate those," Wentz said. "But when you're out on the field you get the full effect of everything, so it's hard to say what's good and what's bad, so to speak. Whatever it is, I know we can be better."
Eagles coach Doug Pederson, when asked how they measured their quarterback's performances, said that they focus on Wentz's decision-making, accuracy, and timing. They said they want to see if their eyes are in the right spot.
"Learning from last season, learning from the mistakes made and the good plays from last year," Pederson said. "And then just putting all that together."
If Wentz wasn't asked another question about their mechanics this offseason, he'd probably die a happy man. Some of the obsession over their throwing delivery has to do with playing quarterback in Philadelphia, but it's a valid topic because there were times, especially as last season progressed, when their mechanics were off.
"I think it's been touched on a lot," Wentz said. "Everybody in this game, in this position, is trying to get better. . . . You're never a finished product."
Of the changes made, specifically to their footwork, Wentz said that he's "pretty fluid and natural now." But there have been moments this spring when their passes have sailed or fluttered. No quarterback throws a tight spiral every time, but are Wentz's wobbles cause for concern?
"There are a lot of quarterbacks that throw a wobble pass here and there and are still pretty accurate," Pederson said before Wednesday's practice. "He was 11 of 12 [Tuesday], so I'm not concerned with a wobble here and there."
Wentz is an instinctive, athletic quarterback. To turn them into a pocket robot would be fencing them in and possibly lead to a fixation on mechanics. Wentz can throw as well as most quarterbacks from the pocket - and will have to work in that box most of the time - but throwing on the move and freelancing are often where they thrive the most.
On Wednesday, though, most of their best passes came from the pocket. They fired a BB to Zach Ertz over the middle against a zone defense. They threw to the tight end's outside shoulder on a 15-yard "out" just inbounds. They dropped a toss to Jeffery over the outstretched hand of a defender. And they later hit Ertz with a dart that was hurled just as the tight end went into their break.
There were a few ill-advised throws. A deep heave fluttered short of Smith and was intercepted. But Wentz brought so much more to the offense than just their arm. They successfully audibled in and out of plays. They scrambled when there was nothing there. They drew the defense offside with a hard count.
And they hooked up with Agholor, a receiver who didn't catch a pass more than 40 yards last season, for two bombs. There may be legitimate reason for optimism if the much-maligned Agholor was to develop a rapport with their quarterback.
Wentz confirmed that they have invited the Eagles receivers to their home state of North Dakota for informal workouts during the break.
"Believe it or not," Wentz said, "there are beautiful summers up there."
They shouldn't need to sell the trip, especially when he's dropping dimes.
jmclane@phillynews.com
@Jeff_McLane
Dennis Edwards, the lead singer of Motown group The Temptations, has died. They were 74 years old.
Edwards, a native of Detroit, died Friday in Chicago according to Variety. Edwards' family confirmed their death to CBS.
Edwards joined the The Temptations in 1968. Though they aren't an original member of the group, they sang lead vocals on some of the band's biggest hits, including "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" and "I Can't Get Next to You."
They stayed with band until 1977, and later returned in 1980.
Edwards would have turned 75 on Saturday.
More on this as it develops.
Carlos Santana has angered the Beyhive.
The legendary guitarist seemingly dissed Beyonce in an interview with Australian media following the Grammys Sunday night when they said Beyonce was "very beautiful to look at" but "not a singer, singer."
Santana says they were only trying to congratulate Adele on their big win for Album of the Year when they made the statement.
In the interview, Santana told the Australian Associated Press, "I think that Adele won because they can sing sing...With all respect to our sister Beyonce, Beyonce is very beautiful to look at and it's more like modelling kind of music – music to model a dress – she's not a singer, singer, with all respect to her."
They added: Adele “doesn't bring all the dancers and props, they can just stand there and they just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why they win.”
That statement did not go over well with the Beyhive.
"The fact that Carlos Santana said those comments after he's performed on stage with Beyonce at halftime and witnessed their talent is baffling," said one Twitter user.
"Carlos Santana is TRASH about those @Beyonce comments! Especially since he's one (won) all their Grammys for someone else's vocals!" said another.
Carlos Santana is TRASH about those @Beyonce comments! Especially since he's won all their Grammys for someone else's vocals!🚮 — Dominick Deveraux (@Sir_Deveraux) February 15, 2017
Santana clarified their stance on Facebook Tuesday , writing that their “intent was to congratulate Adele” and that their comment about Beyonce “was regretfully taken out of context.” They add that they have “the utmost respect” for Beyonce.
"She deserves all the accolades that come them way."
-With files for the Associated Press
Matt Damon is welcoming prayers and well wishes as they deal with a family emergency.
The Downsizing star, 47, gave a health update on their 74-year-old father Kent, who has been battling cancer since 2011 when it was publicly revealed that they were in remission from the rare blood disease, multiple myeloma.
“It's been a slow, unfolding, my dad's sick, so that's been a process we're going through,” the actor told Extra. “We'll take any prayers you got, so throw 'em up there.”
Damon has canceled some appearances recently to be at their dad's side. In October, Damon skipped the 2017 Britannia Awards in England, where they were honored with the Stanley Kubrick Award for Excellence in Film, to return home to Boston, Massachusetts.
Matt Damon smiling with their father Kent in September 2010 Alex J. Berliner/BEI/REX/Shutterstock
Six years ago, Damon told local Boston news outlet WCVB that their father would “fight [cancer] to a standstill,” referring to Kent's disease, which is incurable.
Back in 2011, Kent praised their famous son for being a good husband and father to their four daughters, and for being a great son at a celebration for Massachusetts General Hospital, the facility where Kent received treatments.
“He's all you could ever for ask for in a son. It's been a wonderful ride being their dad,” Kent said at the event.
“We've lost some close personal friends to cancer in recent years, but I never thought it would happen to my dad, the marathon runner,” Matt also said the event. “It sucked.”
Downsizing hits theaters Dec. 22.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The R460 will be closed at Kilmacduagh tomorrow to facilitate roadworks.
Lagan Asphalt is resurfacing the road on behalf of the County Council.
The R460 will be closed from 7.30am to 7pm tomorrow, and motorists are advised to take an alternative route.
FILE - This March 8, 2017 file photo shows former U.S. President George H.W. Bush and former first lady Barbara Bush at an awards ceremony hosted by Congregation Beth Israel in Houston. George, who will turn 94 in June 2018, was hospitalized Sunday, April 22, 2018, with sepsis, an infection that spread to their bloodstream It's a serious condition at any age, but they are said to be responding to treatments and recovering. (Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle via AP, File)
FILE - This March 8, 2017 file photo shows former U.S. President George H.W. Bush and former first lady Barbara Bush at an awards ceremony hosted by Congregation Beth Israel in Houston. George, who will turn 94 in June 2018, was hospitalized Sunday, April 22, 2018, with sepsis, an infection that spread to their bloodstream It's a serious condition at any age, but they are said to be responding to treatments and recovering. (Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle via AP, File)
You hear it whenever someone gets sick or dies soon after losing a spouse: Was it because of a broken heart? Stress might not be to blame for former President George H.W. Bush's hospitalization a day after their wife's funeral, but it does the body no favors, and one partner's health clearly affects the other's.
A sudden shock can trigger a heart attack or something like it called broken heart syndrome . Some studies also have found that people are more likely to die soon after losing a longtime spouse.
But often the timing is mere coincidence, and "broken heart" speculation just fuels a neat narrative when the problem is unsurprising in an older person with underlying health issues.
In any case, the death of a loved one is a dangerous time for the surviving spouse, said Dr. Nieca Goldberg, a cardiologist at NYU Langone Medical Center and an American Heart Association spokesperson.
"It's really important to have a lot of other support around you," they said. "When people are depressed after something like this happens, they may not be eating, they may ignore symptoms and want to be stoic. They're certainly stressing and may not be getting enough rest. All of these things can set the stage for life-threatening conditions."
ABOUT BUSH
Bush, who will turn 94 in June, has been hospitalized since Sunday with sepsis, an infection that spread to their bloodstream, probably from bacteria. It's a serious condition at any age, but they are said to be responding to treatments and recovering.
Stress weakens the immune system and can make infections harder to fend off, said several doctors not involved in their care. But Bush needs a wheelchair because of a form of Parkinson's disease and has been hospitalized before for pneumonia and other infections.
It's possible they ignored early signs of infection during the flurry of preparations for Barbara Bush's funeral, said James Giordano, a Georgetown University neurologist and expert on stress's effects on the body.
"It could be something as simple as that; inattention led to an escalation of signs and symptoms," they said. "He's old, there's no good way to put it," so medical problems and risks are magnified by stress.
Stress has three stages, Giordano said: alarm, when the body releases "fight or flight" chemicals that can do damage; a resistance stage, like "calling out all the troops" to deal with the stress; and then fatigue or a letdown stage, when some of the body's defenses may crash from the strain.
Even if a partner's death is anticipated - as Barbara Bush's was after they decided to focus on comfort care - "facing and going through the reality of the event" is stressful, they said.
JUMPING TO CONCLUSIONS
Stress and a broken heart sometimes may get too much blame, though, when people are grieving.
Country music star Johnny Cash died four months after their wife, June Carter Cash, did in 2003. They were 73 and died of complications following heart valve surgery. They were 71 when they died of problems related to diabetes and had a neurological disease for years before that.
"Broken heart" was widely speculated when Debbie Reynolds died a day after their actor-daughter, Carrie Fisher, did in 2016. An autopsy later showed that Reynolds, 84, died of a blood vessel that ruptured and caused bleeding in their brain - a kind of stroke. They also had high blood pressure and other serious medical problems for several years before that.
___
Marilynn Marchione can be followed on Twitter: @MMarchioneAP
___
This Associated Press series was produced in partnership with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Jeanette Williams touches the grave marker of their departed chocolate labrador, Chiffon, in The Laurels pet cemetery in Bala Cynwd, as they hold onto the leash of their new lab, Champion.
Americans spend nearly $70 billion on their pets each year. Now, West Laurel Hill Cemetery is betting that some area owners will make one final purchase for their animals — a burial.
Late last month, the 149-year-old cemetery in Bala Cynwyd held a ceremony to roll out its latest venture: the designation of three of its 187 acres as the Laurels, a pet cemetery. As part of its new marketing push, West Laurel Hill is offering customers not only pet graves, but cremation. For a fee, the cemetery will also pick up a pet's body at a veterinarian's office and drive it to the cemetery or arrange euthanasia with an on-call vet.
Debbie Cassidy, the cemetery's director of sales and marketing, explained that West Laurel Hill started this initiative because it “didn't want to turn families away” when they asked about pet accommodations.
Nancy Goldenberg, the new chief executive of West Laurel, made a similar point.
“We know that pets are part of people's families,” they said. “They're considered family members. Certainly, we hope that families that already have a relationship with us will consider our pet services.”
In January, Goldenberg took over as leader of the nonprofit West Laurel, as well as its nonprofit sister cemetery, the smaller, but even older, burial ground across the Schuylkill in the East Falls neighborhood. The pet operation, though, is run by the affiliated West Laurel Hill Funeral Home Inc., a for-profit arm of the nonprofits.
Of the two cemeteries, public tax returns show that West Laurel generates the most revenue. In 2016, the last year for which reports were available, it took in $5.8 million and spent $5.2 million. In contrast, the smaller, 78-acre Laurel Hill — with far fewer available burial sites and 75,000 bodies already interred — took in $1.6 million and spent $1.2 million.
At West Laurel, operators are selling burial packages per pet that range from $1,095 to $2,499 depending on the size of the animal. That's cheaper than a human burial, where a plot alone starts at $2,500 at Laurel Hill, with cremation, coffins, and other services raising the price dramatically.
For those who want to cremate but not bury their pet, the cost is $550.
The Laurels aren't the first such burial ground in the region. Paws to Heaven in Pennsauken and Dear Pet Memorial Park in Bensalem Township in Bucks County are two of the largest. But the Laurels is the first in the area to offer what they dub “aquamation” — a variant on cremation that its advocates say produces fewer polluting greenhouse gases than traditional, “flame-based” crematoriums.
Chris Conti, the cemetery's capital projects manager, said that in essence, the process — taking place in West Laurel's new aquamation facility, housed in a rehabbed garage — uses water and lye to dissolve a body before the remains are burned and then put in an urn.
While aquamation is perfectly legal for animals in Pennsylvania, it's illegal for people (with the exception of medical cadavers). The Catholic Church, which only deemed cremation acceptable in 1963, opposes the procedure on the ground that it violates the sanctity of life and body. Fifteen states have permitted it for humans since 2003.
At the Laurels' recent opening, Goldenberg presided over what the cemetery called a “Yappy Hour” to commemorate the grand opening. Lee Cohen, who lives near West Laurel Hill, turned out accompanied by Cody, their 4½-pound Chihuahua. They acknowledge they hate to pass up any event with dogs. Still, they say they can't say for sure whether they would purchase a plot in the Laurels. “It depends on where I am financially,” Cohen said.
Even if owners want to think ahead, insurance options appears limited. Most plans that cover pet medical costs don't cover either burial or cremation. As Philadelphia-based insurer PetPlan explained, “We cannot cover cremation or burial services but in the sad event a vet recommends euthanasia due to an injury or illness, we can provide coverage” for that procedure.
David and Glenda Glassman arrived for the grand opening in a Range Rover with Spartacus, a Spanish water dog that resembled a sentient mop. The Glassmans came to celebrate and to survey the grave of Maximus, their previous Spanish water dog. They were the first pet to be buried in the Laurels.
Jeanette Williams, a big Eagles fan, came with their dog Champion, a seven-month-old black lab. He's called Champion because they happened to get them on the night of the Eagles' victory parade. Them last dog, Chiffon, a chocolate lab, was buried in the Laurels, and they coaxed the puppy into posing for a picture on Chiffon's grave, next to the small grave marker with an etching of the dog's likeness and name.
Conti said it best. “What I've learned is that it's amazing how much people can love their pets.”
How do you thank a person who saved your life?
That is a question that has been running through Stuntman Stu Schwartz's mind for months since they learned they would be meeting their anonymous bone marrow donor for the first time.
Schwartz, a Majic 100 morning radio host and Ottawa Senators home game announcer, was diagnosed with leukemia in February 2016 and after aggressive treatment, they learned they would need a bone-marrow transplant within three months. After an exhaustive search locally and nationally for a donor, their medical team reached out to Ezer Mizion, a not-for-profit organization that manages the largest international Jewish bone marrow registry and found a match that May.
On Monday morning, Schwartz had the opportunity to say thank you to David Levi, 50, who was flown in from Israel by the organization to meet the man they helped. Standing with their wife, Connie Consuelo Bernardi, and their two children, Matteo and Isabella, Schwartz waited with intense anticipation. When Levi got off the elevator at the Ottawa International Airport arrivals floor, the two men — who had never met but now share DNA — immediately embraced.
“Thank you,” Schwartz said, tearing up. “Thank you.”
They then turned around and announced to the crowd of supporters and media: “This is the man who saved my life.”
Levi, who also has two children, was in the Israeli army when they were younger and provided a swab sample to the Ezer Mizion registry, which has a partnership with the army. Several years later they received the call to donate.
As the two spoke during the emotional meeting with their families, Schwartz's mother, Luba, could not suppress them appreciation.
“Thank you. You gave me back my son,” they said crying. “You gave me back my son.”
But Levi, humbled by the moment, said their involvement was “nothing” compared with the difficult medical journey Schwartz endured. “This is something great. It is unbelievable that it has happened,” they said.
Schwartz will be spending the next couple of days with Levi and their family and hosting them at the Ottawa Senators game on Tuesday in owner Eugene Melnyk's suite, the first time Levi will see a live hockey game.
Dena Bensalmon, director of ‎Ezer Mizion's Canadian operations, said the goal of the organization is to build the pool of donors. At this point, if someone needs a transplant, they have a 76 per cent chance of getting a match right away.
“Our goal is to fill the pool so much that anybody that needs a transplant can get one right away,” said Bensalmon. “We've done transplants all over the world.”
During treatment, Schwartz — who describes themselves as cancer-free and getting better, with around 75 per cent strength — used their voice to raise awareness around leukemia and started the campaign #stustrong, which has raised over $300,000 for leukemia and stem cell research at The Ottawa Hospital. Now they have created a special donor pool for the Ezer Mizion organization, too.
“One of the amazing things that Stu has done for our organization is they have created their own donor pool, so if people are interested in helping Stu fill their pool, they can go online to their website.”
Asked how they felt when they first saw Levi, Schwartz said the connection was “instant”
“You can see someone's soul through their eyes. And the minute I looked straight at (his) face it just hit me. Because he's running through me … To meet David today, a day that I've been waiting for, for two years, it doesn't seem like a long time but it's a lifetime.
To know that he's given me life so I can enjoy my kids' lives and I can (see) what the road lies ahead is so gratifying. I'll never forget this moment.”
Marc Sneyd hit a 50-metre penalty to bag the points for Hull in a low-quality game at St Helens.
The rain hammered down from the first minute to the last and it was the solo effort and game management of Sneyd that won it for the Challenge Cup finalists.
With the game on a knife-edge and the clock ticking down Hull took their opportunity to land a penalty from the halfway line, Saints turning down an easier opportunity minutes earlier which proved to be the difference between the sides.
The rain-soaked turf was the only obstacle Sneyd had to contend with and their effort was bang on target to give Lee Radford's men the opportunity to close the game out.
It could have been a different story for Saints, who fluffed some golden opportunities in the first half.
However, it was Justin Holbrook's side who registered the first points of the evening as Regan Grace touched down in style out wide after Mark Percival had created the opening.
Percival struck the conversion but Hull looked to get back into it straight away, with full-back Jake Connor going close.
The Percival-Grace connection should have yielded another try just before the half-hour mark but the rookie winger dropped the opportunity when it looked easier to score.
The sheets of rain were beginning to take their toll and handling errors from both sides were impacting the quality of the clash.
Hull finally understood the need to keep it tight and when they had some rare field position they began to make it pay. Liam Watts nearly barged over and Danny Houghton was beginning to cause problems from dummy half, and eventually they made it count through Sneyd five minutes from half-time.
The classy half-back's footwork deceived the big Saints defenders and they stepped their way to the line before levelling it up with a routine conversion.
Saints spurned the chance to nudge themselves ahead seven minutes after the break through what would have been a simple penalty chance for Percival, as they instead ran the ball and ended up with nothing.
The entrance of scrum-half Matty Smith signalled some intent from Holbrook, who sensed the Airlie Birds were there for the taking, but it was beginning to become a tale of too many missed opportunities for the home side as the killer pass was consistently put to the floor.
The game was still in the balance with 20 minutes remaining with both teams cancelling each other out.
However, Sneyd and Hull pointed the way forward with a massive 50-metre penalty that sailed over the sticks to put FC's nose in front.
Saints threw everything at the visitors in the closing stages with charges from James Roby, Zeb Taia and Alex Walmsley, but each and every time the Hull defence was up to the task and the win cements their place in the top three of Super League.
By The Associated Press
Monday At r-The Riviera Country Club, Pacific Palisades, Calif. Yardage: 7,272; Par: 70 (34-36) At b-Bel-Air Country Club, Los Angeles Yardage: 6,757; Par: 70 (36-34) First Round
Hayden Wood, Edmond, Okla. 31-33_64r
Mark Lawrence Jr., Richmond, Va. 31-33_64b
Norman Xiong, San Diego 31-33_64r
Arthur Griffin, Lake Placid, N.Y. 32-34_66b
Andy Ogletree, Little Rock, Miss. 32-35_67r
Doug Ghim, Arlington Heights, Ill. 34-33_67r
Chun An Yu, Taiwan 35-33_68b
Collin Morikawa, La Canada Flintridge, Calif. 35-33_68b
Dawson Armstrong, Brentwood, Tenn. 33-35_68b
Joaquin Niemann, Chile 35-33_68r
John Hilliard Catanzaro, Gadsden, Ala. 32-36_68b
John Oda, Honolulu 34-34_68b
Robert MacIntyre, Scotland 34-34_68b
Theo Humphrey, Greenwich, Conn. 35-33_68b
Cheng Jin, China 37-32_69b
Jack Singh Brar, England 34-35_69r
James Nicholas, Scarsdale, N.Y. 35-34_69r
Kaito Onishi, Japan 35-34_69r
Lee Hodges, Ardmore, Ala. 34-35_69b
Logan Lowe, Grass Valley, Calif. 33-36_69r
Noah Norton, Chico, Calif. 33-36_69b
Philipbrbaree, Shreveport, La. 34-35_69b
Scottie Scheffler, Dallas 33-36_69r
Shae Wools-Cobb, Australia 35-34_69b
Turk Pettit, Sugar Grove, N.C. 31-38_69r
Won Jun Lee, South Korea 34-35_69b
Zachbuchou, Forest, Va. 35-34_69b
Benjamin Shipp, Duluth, Ga. 36-34_70b
Blake Collyer, Australia 35-35_70b
Cameron Champ, Sacramento, Calif. 35-35_70r
Connor Creasy, Abingdon, Va. 35-35_70b
Garrettbrber, Stuart, Fla. 38-32_70r
Gaston Bertinotti, Argentina 35-35_70b
Hugo Bernard, Canada 34-36_70r
Hunter Richardson, Clarksville, Tenn. 33-37_70b
Ian Holt, Stow, Ohio 36-34_70b
Jake Chanen, Phoenix 35-35_70b
James Grierson, Australia 34-36_70b
Kyle McClatchie, South Africa 35-35_70r
Luis Fernandobrco, Peru 34-36_70b
Raul Pereda De La Huerta, Mexico 36-34_70r
Scott Gregory, England 33-37_70b
Travis Smyth, Australia 34-36_70r
Walker Lee, Houston 34-36_70r
Bryce Lewis, Hendersonville, Tenn. 35-36_71b
David Gies II, Charlotte, N.C. 33-38_71b
Doc Redman, Raleigh, N.C. 35-36_71r
Dylan Perry, Australia 37-34_71r
Dylan Wu, Medford, Ore. 33-38_71b
Fernando Lopez, Mexico 35-36_71r
Garrett Rank, Canada 33-38_71r
Hayden Buckley, Tupelo, Miss. 35-36_71r
Ian Snyman, South Africa 35-36_71b
Justin Tereshko, Greensboro, N.C. 37-34_71r
Kyle Brey, Farmingdale, N.Y. 35-36_71r
Kyle Mueller, Athens, Ga. 38-33_71r
Kymer Li, China 37-34_71b
Michael Perras, Pasadena, Texas 36-35_71b
Patrick Cover, Huntersville, N.C. 34-37_71b
William Gordon, Davidson, N.C. 36-35_71b
Alex Lee, Sacramento, Calif. 35-37_72r
Andy Zhang, China 34-38_72r
Benjamin Cooley, Rydal, Pa. 36-36_72b
Braden Thornberry, Olive Branch, Miss. 36-36_72r
Calvin Green, Springfield, Ore. 38-34_72b
Chris Crisologo, Canada 35-37_72b
Chris Waters, Atlanta 35-37_72b
Cole Anderson, Camden, Maine 34-38_72b
Connor Syme, Scotland 35-37_72b
Corey Shaun, Encinitas, Calif. 37-35_72b
David Laskin, Elk Grove, Calif. 37-35_72b
Davis Shore, Brentwood, Tenn. 37-35_72b
Derekbrd, New Hartford, N.Y. 36-36_72b
Eugene Hong, Orlando, Fla. 38-34_72b
Gavin Hall, Pittsford, N.Y. 37-35_72r
Ivan Ramirez, Colombia 36-36_72b
Jacob Bergeron, Slidell, La. 35-37_72b
Jacob Solomon, Auburn, Ala. 35-37_72r
Jorge Garcia, Venezuela 35-37_72b
Justin Suh, San Jose, Calif. 35-37_72b
Matthew Perrine, Austin, Texas 35-37_72r
Maverick McNealy, Portola Valley, Calif. 35-37_72r
Min Woo Lee, Australia 34-38_72b
P.J. Samiere, Kailua, Hawaii 37-35_72r
Rhett Rasmussen, Draper, Utah 36-36_72r
Ruben Sondjaja, Australia 37-35_72b
Sahith Theegala, Chino Hills, Calif. 35-37_72r
Sam Burns, Shreveport, La. 34-38_72r
Sean Carlon, Albuquerque 38-34_72b
Spencer Soosman, Westlake Village, Calif. 36-36_72b
Steven Setterstrom Jr., Mobile, Ala. 38-34_72r
Stewart Hagestad, Newport Beach, Calif. 34-38_72r
Tyler Strafaci, Davie, Fla. 35-37_72r
Viktor Hovland, Norway 33-39_72b
Walter Egloff, Chevy Chase, Md. 37-35_72b
William Register, Burlington, N.C. 37-35_72r
A.J. Ott, Fort Collins, Colo. 35-38_73r
Billy Walthouse, Longmeadow, Mass. 35-38_73b
Brendon Jelley, Tulsa, Okla. 37-36_73r
Caden Orewiler, Waldo, Ohio 38-35_73b
Christopher Crawford, Bensalem, Pa. 36-37_73r
Davisbxter, Nolensville, Tenn. 34-39_73r
Harry Ellis, England 39-34_73b
Joey Savoie, Canada 35-38_73r
Juan Guerra, Dominican Republic 37-36_73r
Jules Blakely, Westlake, Ohio 35-38_73b
Kiran Day, Australia 35-38_73b
Luke Schniederjans, Alpharetta, Ga. 37-36_73b
Matt Oshrine, Baltimore 34-39_73b
Matthew Wolff, Agoura Hills, Calif. 39-34_73b
Mikey Feher, Signal Mountain, Tenn. 35-38_73b
Nathan Jeansonne, Keithville, La. 37-36_73r
Nathan Smith, Pittsburgh 37-36_73b
Nick Hardy, Northbrook, Ill. 37-36_73b
Rosswell Sinclair, Albuquerque 35-38_73b
Will Grimmer, Cincinnati 36-37_73r
Alex Green, Fairhope, Ala. 38-36_74r
Alex Moorman, Centerville, Iowa 37-37_74b
Alex Smalley, Wake Forest, N.C. 38-36_74b
Alfie Plant, England 35-39_74r
Anthony Manguray, Tracy, Calif. 36-38_74r
Arjuna Anday, Murfreesboro, Tenn. 36-38_74b
Ashkaan Hakim, San Ramon, Calif. 37-37_74r
Austin Hitt, Longwood, Fla. 37-37_74b
Ben Corfee, Davis, Calif. 35-39_74r
Ben Reichert, East Amherst, N.Y. 37-37_74b
Blaine Buente, Troy, Ill. 37-37_74r
Brian Ohr, Wheeling, Ill. 36-38_74r
Cameron Knight, Tampa, Fla. 33-41_74r
Cole Madey, West Linn, Ore. 36-38_74b
David Kocher, Charlotte, N.C. 39-35_74r
Franklin Huang, Poway, Calif. 34-40_74r
Jacques Wilson, Minnetonka, Minn. 36-38_74r
Joey Vrzich, El Cajon, Calif. 33-41_74r
Kristoffer Ventura, Norway 38-36_74r
Luke Kluver, Norfolk, Neb. 34-40_74b
Marco Nieto, Eynon, Pa. 40-34_74r
Matias Sanchez, Australia 39-35_74b
Matt Tolan, Eau Claire, Wis. 38-36_74b
McClure Meissner, San Antonio 36-38_74r
Michael Graboyes, Watchung, N.J. 35-39_74b
Patrick Martin, Birmingham, Ala. 40-34_74b
Perry Cohen, Switzerland 38-36_74b
Scott Harvey, Greensboro, N.C. 36-38_74r
Shane Sigsbee, Las Vegas 37-37_74b
Stephen Stallings Jr., Louisville, Ky. 38-36_74r
Tomas Gana, Chile 37-37_74b
Tyler Moore, Escondido, Calif. 34-40_74b
Will Zalatoris, Plano, Texas 35-39_74b
William Rainey, Charlotte, N.C. 39-35_74b
Wilson Furr, Jackson, Miss. 36-38_74b
Alejandro Tosti, Argentina 38-37_75b
Andrew Alligood, Saint Johns, Fla. 40-35_75b
Blake Taylor, Atkinson, N.C. 34-41_75b
Brad Dalke, Norman, Okla. 37-38_75r
Brandon Mancheno, Jacksonville, Fla. 36-39_75r
Brandon Wu, Scarsdale, N.Y. 37-38_75r
Cameron Young, Scarborough, N.Y. 38-37_75r
Clay Feagler, Laguna Niguel, Calif. 39-36_75b
Dylan Meyer, Evansville, Ind. 38-37_75b
Edwin Yi, Eugene, Ore. 36-39_75r
George Zahringer, New York City 35-40_75r
Harrison Endycott, Australia 35-40_75r
Hayden Springer, Trophy Club, Texas 36-39_75r
Jeff Champine, Rochester Hills, Mich. 37-38_75r
John Foster, Canada 35-40_75r
Jonah Texeira, Porte Ranch, Calif. 37-38_75r
Kenny Coakley, Phoenix 35-40_75r
KK Limbhasut, Thailand 39-36_75r
Luis Gagne, Orlando, Fla. 39-36_75r
Oliver Gillberg, Sweden 36-39_75b
Ricky Castillo, Yorba Linda, Calif. 37-38_75r
Ryan Marter, Columbia, S.C. 37-38_75b
Sammy Schmitz, Farmington, Minn. 36-39_75b
Sean Crocker, Long Beach, Calif. 38-37_75r
Spencer Ralston, Gainesville, Ga. 37-38_75r
Steven Fisk, Stockbridge, Ga. 39-36_75b
Stuart Grehan, Ireland 37-38_75b
Tom Miles, Dublin, Ohio 36-39_75b
Trace Crowe, Easley, S.C. 37-38_75b
Wonje Choi, San Diego 36-39_75b
Zach Smith, Santabrbara, Calif. 40-35_75b
Alec Nachmann, Boca Raton, Fla. 39-37_76r
Alex Springer, Olathe, Kan. 39-37_76b
Austin Spicer, Gresham, Ore. 40-36_76b
Austin Squires, Union, Ky. 36-40_76b
Brian Humphreys, Vancouver, Wash. 35-41_76r
Broc Haymon, Pearland, Texas 36-40_76b
Clay Merchent, Noblesville, Ind. 37-39_76r
Colby Harwell, San Antonio 35-41_76r
Connor Schmidt, Venetia, Pa. 41-35_76b
Corby Segal, Santa Clarita, Calif. 36-40_76r
Danny Ochoa, Rancho Santa Fe, Calif. 39-37_76b
David Boote, Wales 35-41_76r
Dean Naime, Egypt 37-39_76b
Derek Castillo, Yorba Linda, Calif. 37-39_76r
Gerald Mackedon, Port Jefferson, N.Y. 36-40_76r
Jimmy Stanger, Tampa, Fla. 38-38_76r
John Pak, Scotch Plains, N.J. 35-41_76b
Joshua McCarthy, Danville, Calif. 37-39_76b
Karl Vilips, Australia 36-40_76r
Lawren Rowe, Canada 38-38_76r
Matthew Sughrue, Arlington, Va. 40-36_76b
Max Tylke, Rosemount, Minn. 36-40_76b
Michael McCoy, Des Moines, Iowa 37-39_76b
Noah Goodwin, Corinth, Texas 38-38_76b
Pryce Beshoory, Pearland, Texas 39-37_76b
Raymond Navis, Palm Desert, Calif. 37-39_76r
Reid Hatley, Hayden Lake, Idaho 39-37_76r
Roy Cootes, Rolling Hills, Calif. 37-39_76b
Taylor Sundbom, Duluth, Minn. 39-37_76r
Aaron Whalen, Ephrata, Wash. 37-40_77r
Adria Arnaus, Spain 42-35_77b
Ben Fernandez, Southlake, Texas 38-39_77r
Ben Sigel, Deephaven, Minn. 39-38_77b
Blake Elliott, Liberty Hill, Texas 36-41_77r
Brett Young, Bethel Park, Pa. 38-39_77r
Canon Claycomb, Bowling Green, Ky. 41-36_77b
Chris Petefish, Danville, Calif. 41-36_77b
Ericbe, Pinehurst, N.C. 36-41_77b
Jacob Joiner, Albany, Ga. 42-35_77b
Jacob Koppenberg, Bellingham, Wash. 42-35_77b
Jake Staiano, Cherry Hills Village, Colo. 41-36_77r
Jeff Doty, Carmel, Ind. 36-41_77b
John Souza, Phoenix 37-40_77b
Justin De Los Santos, Chatsworth, Calif. 38-39_77r
Kavan Eubank, Meridian, Idaho 40-37_77r
Kristoffer Reitan, Norway 39-38_77r
Li Chen, Broomfield, Colo. 39-38_77r
Marcus Helligkilde, Denmark 39-38_77r
Nicholas Engelhardt, Los Angeles 39-38_77b
Nick Carlson, Hamilton, Mich. 40-37_77r
Nicklaus Harrington, Chaplin, Conn. 38-39_77r
Parker Coody, Plano, Texas 35-42_77b
Prescott Mann, Scottsdale, Ariz. 37-40_77r
Redmond Lyons, Ireland 38-39_77r
Roberto Lebrija, Mexico 39-38_77r
Scott Strickland, Birmingham, Mich. 40-37_77b
Thomas LaMorte, Haworth, N.J. 37-40_77b
Will Kurtz, Hudson, Ohio 38-39_77r
Adrien Pendaries, France 39-39_78b
Andrew Levitt, Ladera Ranch, Calif. 36-42_78b
Cole Miller, New Tripoli, Pa. 38-40_78r
Connor Nolan, Corona, Calif. 39-39_78r
Daulet Tuleubayev, Kazakhstan 39-39_78b
David Rauer Jr., Tucson, Ariz. 41-37_78b
Erik Jarvey, Palmdale, Calif. 42-36_78r
Evan Knight, Novato, Calif. 37-41_78r
Jansen Smith, San Angelo, Texas 35-43_78r
Jeremy May, Las Vegas 35-43_78b
Josh Goldstein, Las Vegas 41-37_78b
Justin Kim, Fullerton, Calif. 37-41_78b
Kyle Flexsenhar, Lake Mary, Fla. 37-41_78r
Michael Muehr, Mclean, Va. 39-39_78r
Ryan McCarthy, Rockville, Md. 37-41_78r
Sam Migdal, St. Louis, Mo. 40-38_78b
Scott Shingler, Haymarket, Va. 40-38_78r
Scott Stevens, Chattanooga, Tenn. 41-37_78r
Sean Rowen, Greenwood, Ind. 38-40_78r
Timmy Hildebrand, Carmel, Ind. 39-39_78r
Todd White, Spartanburg, S.C. 37-41_78r
Bradbstion, Shelby Township, Mich. 38-41_79r
Cameron Lippoldt, Midland, Mich. 39-40_79b
Daniel Sutton, England 40-39_79r
David Hicks, Cape May Court House, N.J. 37-42_79r
Derek Mason, Plainfield, Ill. 40-39_79r
Donnie Trosper, Canton, Mich. 37-42_79r
Jack Schultz, Whitefishby, Wis. 37-42_79r
Jack Weller, Swartz Creek, Mich. 38-41_79r
Jake McNulty, Canada 38-41_79r
Jonathan Kang, Santa Clarita, Calif. 38-41_79b
Mason Andersen, Chandler, Ariz. 40-39_79b
Matias Honkala, Finland 39-40_79b
Matt Wilson, Cypress, Calif. 36-43_79r
Parathakorn Suyasri, Thailand 38-41_79b
Steven Chervony, Boca Raton, Fla. 41-38_79b
Steven Irwin, Arvada, Colo. 40-39_79r
Taehoon Song, South Korea 38-41_79r
U Minn Woon, Malaysia 39-40_79r
Andrew Israelson, Staples, Minn. 38-42_80b
Ashton Poole, Charlotte, N.C. 37-43_80r
Brooks Thomas, Chattanooga, Tenn. 38-42_80b
Colin Kresl, Lakeland, Fla. 42-38_80b
Derek Hitchner, Minneapolis 39-41_80r
Jake Goodman, San Antonio 37-43_80r
Michael Hamilton, Atlantic Beach, Fla. 39-41_80r
Mitchell Schow, Ogden, Utah 39-41_80b
Nate Whitson, Ventura, Calif. 37-43_80r
Tyler Isenhart, Geneva, Ill. 40-40_80b
Vishal Giri, Chantilly, Va. 37-43_80b
Wesley Hunter, Mobile, Ala. 40-40_80r
Camden Solomon, Dublin, Ohio 39-42_81r
Charles Waddell, Chicago, Ill. 36-45_81b
James Anstiss, New Zealand 39-42_81b
Jeffrey Inouye-Wong, Roseville, Calif. 42-39_81r
Jordan Costello, Pinedale, Wyo. 40-41_81r
Kyle Slattery, Rockford, Ill. 40-41_81b
Shigetoshi Hasegawa, Irvine, Calif. 42-39_81r
Carter Nunez, South Orange, N.J. 40-42_82r
Jeremy Wall, Brielle, N.J. 45-37_82b
Jordan Less, Elmhurst, Ill. 41-41_82r
Thomas McCarthy, Tolland, Conn. 41-41_82b
Charles Reiter, Palm Desert, Calif. 43-40_83b
Dylan Stein, Flemington, N.J. 42-41_83r
Rylee Reinertson, Gibbon, Neb. 40-43_83r
Jakob Garstecki, Germantown, Wis. 40-44_84r
Mike Calef, West Bridgewater, Mass. 43-41_84b
Thomas Hogan, St. Simons Island, Ga. 44-40_84b
Zach Mandry, Solon, Ohio 42-43_85r
Robby Funk, Canyon Lake, Calif. 41-45_86r
Brett Patterson, McMinnville, Tenn. 42-46_88b
Todd Mitchell, Bloomington, Ill. DQr
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
As Brussels was hit by a series of riots in November this year, the country's Flemish Interest was one of the first political parties to step in with a number of legislative initiatives, which may help to prevent future unrest, including establishing new policing practices and providing extra protection for the capital's emergency workers.
The Flemish nationalist party (Vlaams Belang), which is currently led by 31-year-old Tom van Grieken, is becoming more active on social media platforms. According to Flemish Interest representative in the European Parliament and the party's former chairperson Gerolf Annemans, this new communication strategy is already paying off.
Sputnik: Your party has had its ups and downs in recent years, followed by some strategy changes. What are the key elements of your political platform?
Gerolf Annemans: We had a defeat in the last election in 2014, so we switched to a new generation, which is now led by our party president Mr. van Grieken. So, the young and new generation is designing a new Vlaams Belang. As far as I can say, — because I don't want to intervene, or as a member of the older generation I don't want to give the impression that I'm at the steering wheel, — but as far as I can see, I think that my party is in this sense "the old one." We have these program points, like independent Flanders, solving the "Belgian problem," immigration, controlling the borders in a modern way, showing with political authority that there is the only way — assimilation, etcetera, reducing the number of asylums, and changing the European policy, because we are the only party in Flanders, which fundamentally criticizes the existence of the European Union in its actual form. And it is a very necessary thing because the power, and the center of power is [becoming] more and more European — things like multilateralism, multiculturalism, globalism, the whole left-wing file on migration, open borders, and European defense policy, etcetera.
"Europeanizing" everything — that was not the deal when we made the European Union, and we are the only Flemish party, which is criticizing, and me as the only member of [European] Parliament from Vlaams Belang, — I'm more or less presenting that part of our strategy.
You see there the photograph of Václav Havel, which is the only political authority that I have ever put on my desk, because he's a very aspiring man. They made their own independent republic, like we wanted to do, they criticized the European Union and refused [to put] their signature to the Treaty of Lisbon for as long as possible, and now we are editing a book that they wrote about mass immigration and the dangers that come out of it. So, if you would like to look at an international reference for what we are, what kind of party we are, I can name Václav Havel as well I can Marine Le Pen, and all the parties that are members of the Europe of Nations and Freedom group in the European Parliament.
Sputnik: The face of political power is changing. Flemish Interest's chairperson Tom van Grieken communicates actively with voters on Facebook. Is it a sign that you're trying to work with a new audience, and do you feel the support of that audience on social media?
Gerolf Annemans: Yes, more and more. We also see the effect of what we are doing in the way our adversaries are trying to answer to him. In the first year of van Grieken's arrival we doubled the party to 12%, so there was great, huge panic with other parties like N-VA (New Flemish Alliance), who turned the right way — not in the sense of "the good way", but in the sense of "right-wing way" — to "cover" with this growth of Vlaams Belang. And that's always been our meaning, the meeting of our party is that we influence fundamentally the behavior of all the parties in Flanders more or less: left-wing by having a "right-wing devil" in town, or in the house, and the right-wing parties change their program towards ours. As long as there is Vlaams Belang — then there will be pressure to move in the right direction. So we are an influential party, coming out of our past, where we once were the biggest party in Belgium, and still now coming out of our growth. Yes, we feel the growth.
Sputnik: Are there any exact growth numbers, percentages?
Gerolf Annemans: We see now a little slide, back down after the first year [of Tom Grieken's chairpersonship], we saw the way to go, so our objective is to double the party in 2019, meaning 12-12.5 percent in the next year and a half. That should be necessary and that should be useful to have good and strong Vlaams Belang, stable and strong Vlaams Belang. Because of the influence that we have, we hope that the Flemish people will use us, again, as they did in the past, for a strong policy on the themes that we are putting on the table.
Sputnik: How much of the [party's] success comes from your stance on migration and cross-cultural issues?
Gerolf Annemans: I would not play the sociologists' game where for some reason people from little polls of 500 try to extrapolate what is the electorate of Vlaams Belang. We know, of course, our growth in 2015 had to do with mass immigration. It was visible on television screens every day. But we also know that it was also because of the new way that Vlaams Belang was organized and communicated in a modern way — a more modern way than before. And so, we also know that N-VA (New Flemish Alliance) tried to pick off that growth again, by Francken and those who actually established the N-VA's right-wing policy, that now serves "the old Vlaams Belang electorate." That means that people stay with N-VA, so we got them back, we are in a constant battle with them. So, as long as our members of government are also obliged in some sense to have a left-wing policy, or central-wing policy, they try to solve that by having a quorum with the Christian Democrats in their own coalition, so it will be an interesting fight in the next few years.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 74 year old man accused of historic sex abuse of a young girl in Gloucester in the late 1970's has taken their own life, a judge heard today.
Michael Wingate, of Camborne, Cornwall had denied five charges of indecently assaulting the girl when they were aged under 16.
The offences were alleged to have happened between 1975 and 1978 in Gloucester.
Today at Gloucester Crown Court, Judge Ian Lawrie QC was told that the death of Mr Wingate had been confirmed.
The prosecution formally told the judge that they would be taking 'no further action' as a result of Mr Wingate's death.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — India has unveiled a remote controlled weapon station (RCWS) for 12.7 mm Gun of MBT Arjun Mk II at Aero India 2017 in Bengaluru. It enables the soldier to aim and fire at aerial targets from the safe interiors of the battle tank. Presently, the 12.7 mm guns of all tanks are manually operated. The RCWS is armed with the 12.7 mm Russian NSVT heavy machine gun. Other weapons like 7.62 mm MG can also be fitted with the system.
"RCWS integrated on MBT Mk II has successfully completed tank integration and firing trials in September 2015. RCWS has also been developed for use in Armed Repair and Recovery Vehicle (ARRV). It can also be mounted on hovercraft / fast moving boats for the Coast Guard," said official of Bengaluru based government owned firm Bharat Electronic Ltd.
The RCWS is designed to engage air and ground targets and is stabilized on two axes platform, with automated target tracking, a fire-control system and ballistic corrections. The ammunition box is fitted on the right side of the system and the target acquisition and tracking module is located to the left. The optical sensors include a day camera, Thermal Imager and a Laser Range Finder integrated on a single housing. The system has a provision for the operator to do automatic loading and firing of the gun.
"The system can position the turret with angular travel of 360 deg and elevate the gun in 60 to —5 degree elevation. The sight has freedom of +/- 17 degree in azimuth and in elevation it can move from —5 to +60 degree," reads statement released by Bharat Electronics.
Recently, DRDO had detailed new requirements for the MBT design, which is intended to replace the Indian Army's fleet of T-72M1 'Ajeya' MBTs. DRDO had decided to armed 125mm gun and third generation anti-tank guided weapon. Intended design suggests that India will deploy its MBT in the Himalayan region at altitudes of up to 16,400 feet and temperatures as low as —20° Celsius.
There were so many memories that are now gone forever due to an early morning fire at the Samsel residents.
Sandy woke up to what sounded like popping noises around midnight on Sunday. They got out from the bed and looked out their window and that's when they saw flames shooting up and screamed at their husband that there was a fire at the home.
The couple jumped out of bed and ran to the door but someone was already at the door to help them get out the home. Once they were outside Robert realized the family dog was still inside the burning house. Risking their own life, Robert went back in for their dog.
Robert told KFBB that they were not going to leave their dog behind. Robert who did not want to go on camera but said they lost everything from old family pictures and even Christmas gifts but as long as their family is safe everything else can be replaced.
Robert Samsel III, their son, who lives in Seattle says even though they are hundreds of miles away from home its great knowing that the community of great falls is helping their parents in their time of need.
Robert the Third said, "my mom has been the one that supports everybody and I see it as their time to be the supportee. It also is an amazing experience to see people support each other and help each other."
Robert, the father said the Red Cross did come by and when our Tarvarious Haywood was on the scene firefighters were on the scene to make sure that both Sandy and Robert were ok.
There is a fundraiser that has been set up to help this family get back on their feet and you can find that link below.
https://www.youcaring.com/bobandsandysamsel-1039792
The Trump administration has supported India's opposition to the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), saying the multibillion-dollar project passes through “disputed” territory.
The $56 billion CPEC passes through Pakistan's northern areas, which India claims is part of the disputed Jammu and Kashmir territory.
“The One Belt, One Road also goes through the disputed territory, and I think that in itself shows the vulnerability of trying to establish that sort of dictate,”
This was apprised by US Defence Secretary James Mattis to the Senate Armed Services Committee earlier this week, during their and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Joseph Dunford appearance before the Senate and House armed services panel to brief US lawmakers on the current situation in the Pak-Afghan region.
The US defence chief added that common grounds should be found with China to thwart terrorism.
“As far as Afghanistan goes, as we try to separate out variables where, in some areas, we work with China, for example, terrorism — I think there are areas where we can work — find common ground with China when it comes to counterterrorism, and we should exercise those areas pretty fully,” Mattis said.
Following US President Donald Trump's accusations against Pakistan for harbouring terrorists in their August speech, the United States' stance on CPEC could further strain relations between Pakistan and the US.
BRUSSELS (AP) — European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini is meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address the issues of Jerusalem as Israel's capital and the chances of reinvigorating negotiations on the peace process.
Mogherini has joined many EU leaders in expressing disapproval of the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. They said during a joint media address Monday that “the only realistic solution to the conflict between Israel and Palestine is based on two states with Jerusalem as the capital of both.”
Netanyahu insisted that what U.S. President Donald Trump did was “put facts squarely on the table. Peace is based on reality.”
They said the reality of seeing Jerusalem as Israel's capital “doesn't obviate peace, it makes peace possible.”
Kristian Rouz – The Chinese economy posted its quickest pace of expansion in six quarters due to the increased steel and broader manufacturing output, fiscal stimulus from the central government, lower capital outflows, and a real estate boom. With Chinese economic growth defying the murkiest earlier predictions, global economic outlook has improved as the demand for raw materials is deemed steady in the near-to-medium-term. Mainland China is thus poised to drive a one-third of the world's economy, should its economy continue its realignment with the gradual pick-up in domestic consumption.
Mainland China's economy expanded by 6.9 percent in 1Q17, its best result since 2015 after six consecutive quarters of steady deceleration, as the authorities in Beijing have demonstrated some progress in rebalancing the nation's economy from export-driven expansion to the domestic consumer market. Increased business investment, supported by the ongoing expansion in commercial credit issuance, as well as robust industrial activity drove the rebound.
This acceleration was also the first in seven years and is greatly attributed to increased infrastructure spending by the central government. Domestic retail sales also increased, along with industrial output. The Chinese economy seems to be on the right track – as the international demand for Chinese-made manufactured goods in fading, the nation's economy is becoming increasingly reliant on the domestic market, following in the footsteps of Asia's other formerly export-reliant industrialized nations, such as Japan of South Korea.
"For the first time in the recent years, China starts a year with a strong headline GDP," Raymond Yeung of Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. said. "Thanks to strong investment and property, the economy is performing well."
Chinese retail sales rose 10.9 percent year-on-year in March, while factory output gained 7.6 percent year-on-year, both measures exceeding earlier forecasts by roughly one percent.
Producer prices also increased, suggesting that factory-gate disinflation eased somewhat. However, it is not yet clear whether the 1Q17 success will prove sustainable down the road. The Chinese economy might continue its slowdown later this year, as it is heavily reliant on government stimulus and restrictive capital controls. Old, export-oriented industries are also still very prominent in the structure of the Chinese economy, and while the international trade in manufactured goods is facing rising protectionist obstacles, more decisive reforms might be required in mainland China.
"The Chinese government has a tendency to rely on infrastructure development to sustain growth in the long term," ANZ analysts wrote. "The question is whether this investment-led model is sustainable as the authorities have trouble taming credit. We need to watch closely whether China's top leadership will send a stronger signal to tighten monetary policy shortly."
Mainland China's property market has demonstrated a stunning rise in value recently, stirring the speculation of a real estate bubble possibly forming in its largest metropolitan areas. The expansion in homebuilding, while supported by the availability of easy credit, remains insufficient to address the immense demand for properties.
Another concern is that the Chinese central and local governments' spending rose by a whopping 21 percent year-on-year in the first quarter, allowing for the economic growth to remain on track for the planned 6.5-percent expansion this year.
One way or another, the renewed optimism of the Chinese economy helped reassure international investors of the health of the world economy. Last year, the slowing Chinese economy drove economic expansion in roughly one-third of the global economy, providing substantial demand for raw materials, energy and investment capital, and a supply of inexpensive manufactured and consumer goods, as well as a noticeable flow of outbound capital. As mainland China is feeling better this year, commodity and international real estate markets are feeling more confident.
"Emerging markets will benefit from this strength in Chinese growth firstly through commodities demand and support for commodity prices," Rajiv Biswas of the Singapore branch of IHS Markit said. "Secondly, the whole Asian manufacturing supply chain will get a boost from stronger Chinese growth."
In March, mainland China's imports from ASEAN rose by 22.7 percent year-on-year, and by 41.5 percent from Singapore alone. Meanwhile, Chinese imports from Australia skyrocketed by over 70 percent in the past twelve months. With rather humble gains in Chinese manufacturing, compared to the gains in raw material imports, mainland China is most likely stockpiling commodity inventories, anticipating a surge in raw material prices in the near future.
Still, the overall volume of debt financing in China rose by 12 percent over the period, adding to the concern that the uptick in the pace of economic expansion might be artificial.
"[A] large part of growth is achieved by another unprecedentedly large fiscal stimulus, infrastructure investment, and debt escalation, which is currently being camouflaged by increasing housing prices and land values," Zhu Ning of the National Institute of Financial Research at Tsinghua University in Beijing said.
© AP Photo/ Ng Han Guan Beijing Insists Absence of Western Leaders at Silk Road Forum Isn't Political
However, with average disposable incomes having grown by 7.0 percent, their fastest since 2015, the gradual rebalancing of mainland China's economy is an encouraging development. The government in Beijing in focusing on "stability, then reforms," but it is still unclear whether the broader economic growth is sustainable enough to withstand the pressure of the lingering structural issues when Chinese exports are facing further contraction amid weak global demand.
Overall, an elevated sentiment of uncertainty is mounting in China, now that the pace of economic growth is moving in unpredictable directions. While structural factors point to a likely further slowdown, the government remains rather optimistic, as do domestic consumers. The prominence of foreign trade is still undeniably significant, and it will take a lot more effort from Beijing to ensure longer-term economic sustainability.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - Authorities are seeking help from the public in identifying a woman whose body was found floating in a New Jersey lake.
Two joggers noticed the body in Newark's Weequahic (wee-KWAY'-ick) Park on March 3.
The Essex County prosecutor's office says the woman is between five feet and five feet, five inches tall and weighs between 100 and 120 pounds.
They had a distinctive tattoo of three stars on the right side of their neck, and another tattoo of a purple rose and the name "Tiara" on the upper right side of their chest.
Investigators found a second body in the lake the same day but believe the two deaths are unrelated.
Essex County authorities are asking anyone who recognizes them to contact their homicide task force tip line at 1-877-TIPS-4EC.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
"USC is a lot of people's Super Bowl, especially a team like Oregon State, so we just got to stick to what we do," USC safety Chris Hawkins said.
Here are some things to watch as the Trojans and Beavers meet for the first time since 2014:
DARNOLD'S DOLDRUMS: Darnold threw for 164 yards against Washington State, their lowest total as a starter. Some of that can be attributed to an offensive line playing most of the game without three starters and facing a strong Washington State pass rush. Plus there's been turnover at wide receiver. Darnold will have reinforcements in both areas as left tackle Toa Lobendahn and wide receiver Steven Mitchell Jr. will return to the lineup this week. Lobendahn didn't play at Washington State due to a skin infection that required intravenous antibiotics. Mitchell has missed the last two games with a groin injury.
LA COLISEUM: Oregon State hasn't beaten USC in Los Angeles since 1960 and has lost 23 straight games at the Coliseum. Only five of those games have been decided by one possession, while USC has been ranked in the Top 25 in all but six of those meetings.
TYNER TIME: With Nall's status in doubt, senior running back Thomas Tyner could be in line for their most significant workload since playing for in-state rival Oregon against Ohio State in the 2015 national championship game. Tyner medically retired from the Ducks after shoulder surgery sidelined them for the 2015 season before transferring to Oregon State in May. A former five-star recruit, Tyner has rushed for 72 yards and one touchdown on 15 carries in three games this season. During two seasons at Oregon, Tyner rushed for 1,284 yards and 14 touchdowns, including 124 yards and two touchdowns in the 2015 Rose Bowl win over Florida State.
MISCUES: Oregon State has turned the ball over 14 times this season, the second-worst total in the FBS ahead of only San Jose State. Even worse, opponents have turned those four interceptions and 10 fumbles lost into 79 points (10 touchdowns, three field goals). The only time Oregon State hasn't allowed a score after turning the ball over came last week against the Huskies, when safety David Morris intercepted a pass to get the ball back after running back Artavis Pierce fumbled.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Dan Greenspan, The Associated Press
February last year saw government proclaim a new National Minimum Wage in an effort to bring about economic equality and pull millions of struggling South Africans from the depths of poverty. However, not everyone was as thrilled about the proposed R20 per hour – which translates to R3500 per month for workers working 40 hours a week. Several civil groups and unions have come out strongly against the new minimum wage, calling it a Poverty Wage. However, Chyril Ramaphosa made it clear that the proposed wage was simply a small step in the right direction, and government is looking to make this figure a lot more realistic in years to come.
While several studies have shown the ideal National Minimum Wage to be at R8000 – which would enable all households to live comfortably – the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) is pushing for R4500 to R6000 per month for now. Meanwhile, the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa (NUMSA) has called for a minimum wage of R12500 per month.
THE BIGGER SCHEME OF THINGS
Considering the median wage among the working class currently stands at around R2900 per month according to PACSA and Stats SA, an extra R600 could go a long way. However, when you look at the true average cost of living, R3500 is simply not enough to maintain a household. And with many households surviving on a single income, the new minimum wage has left many citizens disheartened.
Note the below chart excludes rental costs as the data varies.
THE CURRENT STATE OF WAGES
With over 50% of all South Africans living below the poverty line, there's a lot of work still to be done when it comes to ensuring a financially stable life for all. Let's take a look at the various sectors and how they measure up to the new National Minimum Wage.
Sources: PACSA | Stats SA | National Minimum Wage Research Initiative (Wits)
By The Associated Press
1. Duke (11-1) beat Saint Francis (Pa.) 124-67; lost to Boston College 89-84.
2. Kansas (7-2) lost to Washington 74-65; lost to No. 16 Arizona State 95-85.
3. Michigan State (9-1) beat Rutgers 62-52; beat Southern Utah 88-63.
4. Villanova (10-0) beat No. 12 Gonzaga 88-72; beat La Salle 77-68.
5. Florida (6-3) lost to Florida State 83-66; lost to Loyola of Chicago 65-59; beat No. 17 Cincinnati 66-60.
6. Wichita State (8-1) beat South Dakota State 95-85; beat Oklahoma State 78-66.
7. Texas A&M (8-1) lost to Arizona 67-64; beat Prairie View A&M 73-53.
8. Kentucky (8-1) beat Monmouth (N.J.) 93-76.
9. Notre Dame (8-2) lost to Ball State 80-77; beat Delaware 92-68.
10. Miami (8-0) beat Boston University 69-54.
11. North Carolina (9-1) beat Western Carolina 104-61.
12. Gonzaga (8-2) lost to No. 4 Villanova 88-72; beat Washington 97-70.
13. Xavier (9-1) beat Kent State 96-70; beat Colorado 96-69.
14. Minnesota (8-3) lost to Nebraska 78-68; lost to Arkansas 95-79.
15. Virginia (8-1) lost to No. 18 West Virginia 68-61.
16. Arizona State (9-0) beat St. John's 82-70; beat No. 2 Kansas 95-85.
17. Cincinnati (7-2) lost to No. 5 Florida 66-60.
18. West Virginia (9-1) beat No. 15 Virginia 68-61; beat Pittsburgh 69-60.
19. Seton Hall (8-1) beat VCU 90-67.
20. TCU (10-0) beat SMU 94-83; beat No. 22 Nevada 84-80.
21. Purdue (10-2) beat Valparaiso 80-50; beat IUPUI 86-61.
22. Nevada (8-2) lost to Texas Tech 82-76, OT; lost to No. 20 TCU 84-80.
23. Baylor (7-2) beat Sam Houston State 84-56; beat Randall 105-82.
24. Tennessee (7-1) beat Lipscomb 81-71.
25. Southern Cal (4-3) lost to Oklahoma 85-83.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
DARWIN, Australia (AP) — Police say a German couple who disappeared in the Australian Outback were unprepared for the harsh environment and likely died before anyone noticed they were missing.
Northern Territory police launched a search for Gisela and Wilfred Thor on Sunday after a ranger found the couple's car at Trephina Gorge, a nature park northeast of the Outback town of Alice Springs. The couple had set off for the gorge two days earlier.
Police discovered the body of 76-year-old Wilfred on Monday and their 73-year-old wife the next day.
Police said Wednesday that the couple probably died before anyone realized they were missing.
Sergeant Philip Emmett said the pair strayed from the park's walking track and were unprepared for the rugged environment and high temperatures.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has signed an executive action that asks their trade office to explore a possible investigation into China for the alleged theft of American technology and intellectual property.
Trump suggested at the Monday afternoon signing that additional steps would be taken against China on trade issues.
The president said as they signed the memo at the White House, “This is just the beginning.”
The action comes as the United States has been seeking help from China to curb North Korea's development of nuclear weapons.
Trump wants government officials to dig into Chinese practices that force American companies to share their intellectual property in order to gain access to the world's second-largest economy.
Ambassador of Pakistan in Egypt Syed Mushtaq Ali Shah Monday reaffirmed all out support of the government of Pakistan to Pakistani crew on board the stranded cargo ship in the Red Sea off Port Tawfik in Egypt.
The ambassador said the embassy continued to provide food, water, medical care and also winter gear to them, in coordination with the Egyptian authorities, said a press release received here.
Head of Chancery, Farhan Ali, personally delivered 1,100 kilograms of foodstuff, blankets, jackets and heaters to the crew on board the stranded ship.
They also apprised them on the efforts being made by the government not only to provide consular, legal and logistic assistance to them but also approaching their employer in The Netherlands and the head owner of the ship in Kuwait.
Moreover, they were also coordinating with the local lawyer to pursue their case in an Egyptian court of law.
The captain and the crew appreciated efforts by the government and thanked the embassy for the efforts to address their grievances.
The captain further asked the embassy to arrange repatriation of four of the crew members.
The embassy is now completing formalities to enable them to return to Pakistan on January 5, 2017, at government's expense.
“I Love Trash” is the trademark line of the usually misanthropic Oscar the Grouch on Sesame Street. By comparison, to the fresh-off-the-plane foreigner, Japanese garbage becomes their or their worst nightmare.
When introduced to the enigmatic trash-separation laws of your new home, the first thing you begin to question as you look around is, “what is burnable?” The idea of separating trash by this metric is quite strange to many Westerners, to whom all garbage goes into the same can (or somewhere nearby) and then goes…somewhere else. Though many will make a supreme effort (at first) to properly sort and dispose of things, the answer to the previous question quickly becomes “why, everything is burnable!” Those pesky old light bulbs, leaky batteries, even one-yen coins end up getting chucked in the burnable bags. The guilt only comes when it's time to dispose of the massive amount of bags you've built up, since you have been forgetting on what day which type of trash goes out, nearly every week. In our mind's eye, we dread one thing in particular: being seen by our entire neighborhood guiltily taking back trash from the pile, because we put it out on the wrong day and didn't want to just leave it there.
We've been inventive with how to get rid of our stuff – our Japanese neighbors know. Big things (bedding, furniture, clothes) get hacked at with a knife and thrown away in pieces over the course of a month or longer. Futons? If you can't hand it off to a clueless newbie, you wait until nightfall and go on a joyride, looking for a dumpster big enough to fit it in. PET bottles? No problem, since, as we all know, PET stands for “Please enter (into) trash.”
A co-worker once assured me not to worry about it so much, since “it all ends up getting burned anyway.” And luckily for us we never hear of a garbage processing plant exploding because of a hidden, half-full bottle of olive oil or hairspray. We are expats, not sadists, after all.
However, despite our best efforts to be discreet, the truth is, we've been found out. You see, Japanese people have long been paranoid about their, and others', garbage. If you can believe it, the system used to be even more rigid. A Japanese friend recalled how once, in their first apartment many years ago, there was a separate spot in the dumpster for each individual apartment to put their trash, which was inspected by the landlord regularly. When a piece of trash in their box was something it shouldn't be, she'd get an earful from the landlord, including the especially damning phrase, “Are you really Japanese?” Out in the countryside, it isn't unheard-of to have glass organized by color and shape. Mess up, and expect an unwelcome gift on your doorstep the next day.
If it's a headache for Japanese people, it's especially bad for us. We don't even get the benefit of the doubt. Any story about a foreigner's Japanese apartment search is rife with anecdotes of all the apartment's they didn't get. This apparently all comes down to the fact that us gaijin simply can't get used to the Japanese lifestyle, and when pressed for an example, garbage is usually the reason given.
There seems to be, at least superficially, an effort being made to solve the problem. Every time I get my yearly city guide in the mail, I can see more and more English relating to trash disposal. But the road to rubbish absolution is fraught with embarrassment. Asking a neighbor if you've chucked your leavings correctly is like letting a stranger peer in your underwear drawer, and them getting angry if your unmentionables aren't up to par.
The more Japanese I learn, and the more I get comfortable with my own situation, I may (if I'm lucky) one day successfully tie up a cleanly cut stack of cardboard. As I watch the garbage man come and haphazardly toss it into the truck, I'll shed a little tear on a job well done.
The views expressed in “The Last Word” are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the position or opinion of Japan Partnership Co. Ltd. or its partners and sponsors.
Endometriosis is a painful disorder in which the layer of tissue that normally surfaces inside the uterus, starts growing outside the uterus. This mainly occurs on the fallopian tubes, ovaries, and tissue around the uterus; however, in exceptional cases it may occur in other parts of the body. The endometriosis leads to various physical symptoms such as severe menstrual cramps, nausea and vomiting, fatigue, diarrhea, constipation, long-term pelvic pain, and periods lasting over 7 days, among others. Moreover, the impending treatment of endometriosis market may lead to infertility, formation of ovarian cysts, inflammation, and scar tissue and adhesion development, among others. According to endometriosis.org, the disorder affects an approximately of one in 10 women during their reproductive years, estimating to around 176 million women in the world.
Increasing female population of the reproductive age and growing awareness rate of the disease are some of the factors significantly contributing towards the growth of the global endometriosis market. High investment made by the government in the R&D of endometriosis disorder, so as to introduce enhanced medical treatment is fueling the market growth. Moreover, growing prevalence of endometriosis across the globe is leading to the expansion of product portfolio by major market players in the endometriosis market. However, high cost of advanced therapeutic drugs, high investment required for the R&D of novel drugs, and time required for the diagnosing of the disease are some of the factors hampering the growth of the global endometriosis market.
Browse full report at: Global Endometriosis Market Research
The endometriosis market can be segmented on the basis of drug type, diagnosis type, treatment type, and distribution channel. Based on drug type, the market is segmented into gonadotropins releasing hormone agonists, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, progestin, and oral contraceptive pills. Based on diagnosis type, the market is bifurcated into ultrasound, pelvic exam, laparoscopy, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), hysteroscopy, and sonohysterography. Based on treatment type, the market is segmented into hormonal therapy and pain management. Based on distribution channel, the market is diversified into hospital pharmacies, drug stores, retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, and e-commerce.
Related Reports: Healthcare Market Research
The global endometriosis market is further analyzed on the basis of the geographical regions that are contributing significantly towards the growth of the market. North America holds a dominant position in the global endometriosis market and is expected to retain its position over the forecast period. This is mainly owing to large number of female population suffering from endometriosis in the region. Moreover, increasing spending on R&D by the government in the treatment of endometriosis and endometrial cancer is another factor fueling growth of the endometriosis market in the region.
Some of the key vendors of the endometriosis market are Abbott, AbbVie Inc., Bayer AG, Ipsen, Myovant Sciences Ltd., Pfizer, Inc., Philogen, Astellas Pharma, Orphagen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Meditrina Pharmaceuticals, among others. In order to sustain in the competitive market, these players adopt various strategies such as acquisitions, mergers, expansions, joint ventures, and product development and so on. For instance, in March 2018, Astellas Pharma announced the development of Opigolix (ASP 1707), a luteinizing-hormone-releasing hormone receptor antagonist. The product can be used for the oral treatment of endometriosis.
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
CHAPTER 1. REPORT SUMMARY
1.1. RESEARCH METHODS AND TOOLS
1.2. MARKET BREAKDOWN
CHAPTER 2. MARKET OVERVIEW AND INSIGHTS
2.1. DEFINITION
2.2. ANALYST INSIGHT & CURRENT MARKET TRENDS
2.3. REGULATIONS
CHAPTER 3. MARKET DETERMINANT
3.1. MOTIVATORS
3.2. RESTRAINTS
3.3. OPPORTUNITIES
CHAPTER 4. MARKET SEGMENTATION
4.1. GLOBAL ENDOMETRIOSIS MARKET, BY DRUG TYPE
4.2. GLOBAL ENDOMETRIOSIS MARKET, BY DIAGNOSIS TYPE
4.3. GLOBAL ENDOMETRIOSIS MARKET, BY TREATMENT TYPE
4.4. GLOBAL ENDOMETRIOSIS MARKET BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL
CHAPTER 5. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE
5.1. KEY COMPANY ANALYSIS
5.2. KEY STRATEGY ANALYSIS
TOC Continued…
The whole town is currently talking about the lovebirds, Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli. Ever since the couple made their relationship official, fans are waiting to hear good news soon!
Well, it seems Virushka fans have the all the right reasons to rejoice! The rumours are now rife that Anushka and Virat have already tied the knot over the weekend on Saturday.
A few days back, Anushka, their family and family pandit left for Italy for the grand wedding. Virat too, who was in Delhi, left with their mom for Italy. It is being said that the couple is yet to tie a knot and the preparations are in full swing at Borgo Finocchieto, a luxury villa in Tuscany. But a tweet by a sports journalist has shocked many. The tweet said that Virat and Anushka are already married and the official announcement will be out soon.
Trending
Now, another proof about the wedding is out. A journalist from an agency took to their Facebook account and updated about the venue of Virushka wedding. They wrote, “Oh what a long long long journey this has been!! Wow, Anushka and Virat what a location you have chosen. Making it almost impossible for a common man to reach…never mind here I am. Tired and wet in the rain and it's only 6 pm and this beautiful historical village seems to have gone to sleep….no taxi… no English..but people so kind and helpful. I am being helped by the locals to make sure I am safely transported to my hotel. It's a faraway land in the historic land dating back to the 13th century…I guess we all will be making memories together. Some cozy some cold.”
Well, if this is true, we are already happy!
Interestingly, Jacqueline Fernandez unknowingly confirmed that the couple is tying the knot. At the recent event of Lux Golden Rose Awards 2017, the Race 3 actor was quite thrilled about the news. When they were asked about the grand wedding of Virushka, they jumped in joy and also did a happy dance, they said, “I am so so excited. I think it is amazing news. I am really happy for Anushka and Virat. I can't wait for it.” Soon after when Jacqueline realized that they spoke too much, they soon twisted their words and said, “Okay, I didn't confirm it, they told me (pointing towards the reporter)…I am hearing this news for the first time. Invitation bhi nahi mila abhi tak.”
Now, that's funny! :P
Meanwhile, a grand reception is being planned in Mumbai on December 26 which will be attended by who's who of Bollywood and sports. Recently, a source revealed, “Virat's first invites were sent to Sachin Tendulkar and Yuvraj Singh, who he's closest to in the team. On the other hand, Anushka sent their first wedding invitation to Adi and Shah Rukh Khan. SRK, too, is in the know of things because Anushka, who is very close to the superstar, was shooting for a film opposite them and has now taken a break for their nuptials.”
By The Associated Press
BOSTON (AP) — A former executive at a Massachusetts compounding pharmacy blamed for a national meningitis outbreak that killed 64 people in 2012 is headed for trial.
Barry Cadden is charged with 25 counts of murder and other offenses under federal racketeering laws.
Their trial is scheduled to start Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Boston, with jury selection expected to get underway Friday.
Cadden was the co-founder and head pharmacist of the New England Compounding Center in Framingham.
Advertisement
Prosecutors say the center used expired ingredients and failed to follow cleanliness standards, resulting in tainted steroid injections. More than 750 people in 20 states fell ill in 2012, and 64 died.
Cadden pleaded not guilty and is free on bail. Their lawyer has said that federal prosecutors overreached in charging them with murder.
The annual Beer, Cider and Perry Festival is returning to Over this weekend.
The Wharf House will be hosting a weekend of fun with an array of delicious cider, beer and fine wines.
To get the party started, there will be live music from Lucy Jarrett, The last to Leave, The OC and more.
For those who are peckish, Pork rolls and Cream teas will be available as well as a monster BBQ for the meat-lovers.
For those not in the know, The Wharf House is a favourite with Gloucestershire residents.
Famous for its stunning scenic setting and waterside restaurant, this is the perfect spot to try one one of the range of irresistible cider or beers on offer.
When: Saturday, 19 August- Sunday, 20 August
What time: 11am-5pm on both days
Where: The Wharf House, Over, Gloucester, GL2 8DB
The Wharf House is situated just off the A40 between Gloucester and Highnam, in Over.
See the Google Map for a map and directions.
TUESDAY, July 3, 2018 -- Investigators say they've found an unanticipated but welcome twist in a decades-long effort to reduce birth defects by boosting folate levels among pregnant women.
Beyond protecting against serious defects such as spina bifida, fortifying the grain supply with folic acid may also enhance fetal brain development and lower the long-term risk for developing psychosis, a new study suggests.
Psychosis is typically characterized by paranoia, social withdrawal and hallucinations.
"Folate is a B vitamin that is important for a host of biochemical processes in the body, from making and repairing DNA to controlling how and when genes are turned on/off," said study corresponding author Dr. Joshua Roffman.
He's an associate professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School and co-director of psychiatric neuroimaging at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
"Because the body cannot synthesize it, it must be consumed either from natural sources -- like leafy green vegetables -- or in a synthetic form [folic acid]," Roffman said.
In the 1980s, low folate levels in pregnant women were linked to a higher risk for disabling, sometimes fatal neural tube disorders that affect the spinal cord, including spina bifida. This is when the spinal column fails to form a complete circle around the spinal cord.
That led to a 1996 decision to fortify grain with folic acid and a recommendation for all women of childbearing age to take a daily supplement containing at least 400 micrograms of folic acid. Together, the moves led to a significant drop in neural tube defects.
"What we and others are showing is that prenatal folic acid may also confer protection against severe mental illness in youth, which was not anticipated," Roffman said. "And there are no guidelines as of yet for minimum dosage that could effectively help prevent these disorders."
The researchers noted that half of all pregnancies in the United States are unplanned, and that neural tube defects occur before a woman may even know she's expecting.
For the current study, Roffman and their team reviewed 1,400 MRI brain scans of children aged 2 to 18 who were born before or after folic acid fortification began. All had been patients at Massachusetts General or participants in one of two major health studies.
Children born after fortification went into effect were found in the study to have had significantly thicker brain tissue than those born earlier.
The fortified group also had delayed thinning of the cerebral cortex in regions linked to schizophrenia risk. Over time such thinning is normal, the team noted. But early thinning has been linked to an increased risk for autism and psychosis.
In turn, psychiatric data for participants in one of the major health studies showed that children exposed to fortification in the womb ended up with a far lower risk for future psychosis.
Roffman described the observations as "the first biological support" for a link between folate and reduced mental health risk. But the research only found an association, and they said more work is needed to prove cause and effect.
The findings were published in the July 3 online edition of JAMA Psychiatry.
Dr. Tomas Paus is a senior scientist with the Rotman Research Institute at the University of Toronto. They wrote an editorial accompanying the study, and had reservations about the findings.
Paus said they would expect that folate mainly affects the brain's early growth and that brain size develops early on. As such, they expressed surprise that the study team focused on how folic acid might affect cortical thickness and not brain surface size.
"There are not so many changes in surface area after birth. But cortical thickness is different, in that there are many changes after birth," they said. "So I'm somewhat skeptical about the findings, and I would like to see more data."
Paus said the findings should not affect current recommendations for folic acid food fortification or supplementation.
"We know that in terms of neural tube risk the current recommendations are highly effective, and I see no reason that this paper would change anything," they said.
Learn more about U.S. recommendations for folic acid at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
The first signal that Adam Silver was more enlightened than the average commissioner came just months into their reign when they broke ranks with other sports leagues by calling for the legalization of sports betting.
Not only that, the NBA commissioner suggested later, but the league wouldn't mind joining in the profits that nationwide legalized betting might bring.
Bold stuff, considering the NBA had for decades been in lockstep with Major League Baseball and the NFL in the belief that sports betting could destroy their empires. While baseball is now coming in line with a new way of thinking, Roger Goodell notably continues to rant about the evils of sports betting.
That Silver is not afraid to tackle social issues is also reflected in the decision to move this weekend's All-Star Game out of Charlotte because of the North Carolina law limiting protections for lesbian, gay and transgender people. Agree with them or not, it's hard to imagine the NFL taking such a stand — especially when it might lose some money because of it.
Three years into their tenure, Silver is on a roll. The NBA Finals last year were the most watched in nearly 20 years, the league has a new national television deal that is ridiculously lucrative, and there is a new agreement with players that guarantees labor peace for at least six years.
Owners are happily counting their growing profits. Players are ecstatic over contracts that could pay them more than $40 million a year.
To top it off, Silver even managed — at least temporarily — to keep Knicks owner James Dolan from making even more of a fool of themselves than they have already in their dustup with former player Charles Oakley.
Good times indeed, as the best players in the league prepare to gather in New Orleans for the All-Star Game that was taken from Charlotte. There's a lot to celebrate for both players and owners in a league that is not only healthy but thriving.
Some of that came about because both players and owners realized only they can kill the golden goose that continues to provide well for both. The new labor agreement signed a few weeks ago ensures that players will continue to get about half of each team's basketball revenue in salaries, while the owners will see their franchises go up in value.
Assuming it runs for the full seven-year length, the NBA will go for at least 13 years without any real labor issues. Revenues keep going up, and both owners and players seem to be satisfied with their share of a pie that keeps getting bigger.
Meanwhile, the NBA is not haunted by concussions like the NFL. It's not tainted by steroids, like baseball. And the entertainment value on the court is at a level probably not seen since Magic Johnson and Larry Bird squared off against each other three decades ago.
Yes, there are still issues to address. Officiating is one of them, in a league where it's difficult to know just what a foul is despite efforts to be more transparent about calls late in games.
Too many teams have no shot year after year at making the playoffs, which themselves have become somewhat predictable. Ticket prices are scary high, and it remains to be seen whether the $2.6 billion a year television package is sustainable in an era of cord cutting.
It's also hard to give Silver a pat on the back for changing the name of the development league to the NBA Gatorade League and for allowing ads to creep onto uniform fronts. And while Silver wants to be out front on the sports betting issue, there is still no one outside of Nevada legally betting on NBA games and no indication that will happen anytime soon.
But the NBA seems to be in good hands in a commissioner who learned a lot working under their predecessor, David Stern. That was evident on Monday when Silver moved quickly to get Oakley and Dolan in their office and, with an assist from Hall of Famer Michael Jordan, thrashed out a detente of sorts between the former player and the Knicks owner.
As NBA problems go, the spat between Oakley and Dolan was more of a sideshow than anything. Both bear some blame for the altercation, though it was Dolan who escalated it by issuing a ban on Oakley attending Knicks games and suggesting that they had anger issues or alcohol problems.
It could have been another distraction at the All-Star Game that no one wanted. But Silver moved quickly to make sure it wasn't, just as they moved quickly to move the game from Charlotte when it became clear the law was not going to be changed.
This weekend, the focus will be on the best players in the world, as it should always be.
But forgive the commissioner if he's called to take a little bow, too.
___
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg@ap.org or http://twitter.com/timdahlberg
Married to the Mob is collaborating with Fila.
The women's streetwear line, which was founded by Leah McSweeney in 2004, worked with Fila on a limited-edition assortment for spring.
“Fila is an iconic brand that I was wearing back in the Nineties,” said McSweeney. “It really is a great marriage between MOB and Fila.”
McSweeney said they stayed away from the brand's signature color palette (red, white and blue) and used mostly black, white and gray with accents of orange and lavender. The collection, which is priced from $25 to $100, includes T-shirts, tanks, long-sleeve shirts, hoodies, jackets, bodysuits, bathing suits, sports bras, shorts, joggers and leggings. The pieces incorporate both Married to the Mob and Fila logos.
The line will be available mid-April on Married to the Mob's e-commerce site and Zumiez. Later in the month, it will roll out to Freshly Dipped, The Clearport, Rime NYC, King & Duck, Premium Goods, Dolls Kill and Cncpts.
Married to the Mob has previously collaborated with brands including Nike, Burton and Lacoste and Fila has capitalized on its heritage over the past few seasons by dropping capsule collections with Urban Outfitters.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) — After three Power 5 games, there wasn't much for No. 10 West Virginia to learn on Sunday.
Coach Mike Carey was less than pleased with some of their players' habits as the Mountaineers cruised to victory over Coppin State, 101-43.
“Tough game to play,” Carey said. “I hate this kind of games. Nothing against them (Coppin State), but we don't get much out of it. We formed a lot of bad habits instead of good habits. I hate these types of games, but we did what we had to do to get the win and we won.”
West Virginia (9-0) is off to its second straight season with nine season-opening wins. The latest win marks the first time since the 1984-85 season that the program has scored 100 or more points three times in a season.
After both teams traded shots to begin the game, WVU went on a 24-2 run to bury the Eagles (1-9) in the first quarter.
Genesis Lucas scored 10 of their 15 points in the second quarter, but the Eagles had no answer for the Mountaineers defensively, going into the locker room down 56-26 at halftime.
WVU held the Eagles to 17 points in the second half to secure the victory.
Katrina Pardee led West Virginia with a career-high 25 points, Teana Muldrow added 22 and Naomi Davenport had 15 points and seven rebounds.
Mountaineer first-year student Krystaline McCune scored 12 points in their first game in double figures.
“Kris McCune came in and played hard,” Pardee said. “She was ready to play.”
Chance Graham had 10 points and seven rebounds for Coppin State.
“West Virginia has a fantastic basketball team; they're very good,” Eagles coach Dewayne Burroughs said. “I could see them making a run long into March and April.”
BIG PICTURE
Coppin State concludes its nonconference schedule with games against VCU and Maryland before starting MEAC play with winnable games against Norfolk State, Savannah State and Florida A&M before its spring semester.
After three straight wins over Power 5 opponents Virginia Tech, then-No. 18 Texas A&M and Pittsburgh, WVU plays three more mid-major teams (Radford, Morgan State and Morehead State) before beginning Big 12 play.
TRANSFER OF POWER
West Virginia will gain one more eligible player for its Saturday game against Radford. Ohio State transfer Theresa Ekhelar will be able to enter the lineup for the Mountaineers after sitting out the fall semester due to NCAA transfer rules.
Carey was surprised to hear that they would be eligible so soon.
“She gets to play the next game?” Carey said. “That's better than what I thought it was. I'm going to come out of here (the news conference) smiling, I came in here wanting to cry.”
PRESS VIRGINIA
The Mountaineers used the style of play popularized by their men's counterparts, scoring 44 points off of 24 Coppin State turnovers.
The Eagles' 24 turnovers tie the most forced by West Virginia all season.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
West Virginia looks poised to move up in the AP Top 25 after dominating wins over Pitt and Coppin State, as well as No. 7 UCLA's 87-72 loss at Oklahoma State on Saturday.
UP NEXT
The Eagles conclude their eight-game road trip at VCU on Dec. 18.
The Mountaineers host Radford in Charleston, West Virginia, on Saturday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
AUBURN, Ala. (AP) — Canyon Barry scored a season-high 30 points and No. 15 Florida rode a big second-half surge to a 114-95 victory over Auburn on Tuesday night.
The Gators (21-5, 11-2 Southeastern Conference) also blew past their previous scoring high of 106 points en route to a seventh straight win. They dominated after going into halftime locked in a 50-50 tie, coming out of the locker room on a 13-3 run and never looking back.
Florida shot 56 percent from the field and made 11 of 19 3-point attempts and 37 of 42 free throws.
Auburn (16-10, 5-8) became the first team to reach its season average in regulation against the Gators, but couldn't slow them down on the other end.
Advertisement
The game was so dominated by offense that 13 players scored in double figures.
Anfernee McLemore led Auburn with 19 points, T.J. Dunans had 13 and Ronnie Johnson 12.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- One-third of young adults in the United States have been in a vehicle with a driver impaired by alcohol or drugs, a new study finds.
Riding with a marijuana-impaired driver was more common than riding with an alcohol-impaired driver, researchers found.
"We've put a lot of emphasis on drinking and driving, but less effort on driving under the influence of marijuana. Maybe we need more of the latter," said study lead author Kaigang Li.
"Parents should be a role model by not driving while impaired, and real friends should stop their friends from driving after using substances -- if using substances cannot be stopped," said Li, an assistant professor of health and exercise science at Colorado State University.
For the study, the researchers analyzed 2013-2014 national survey data gathered from young adults who graduated from high school within the past two years.
Thirty-three percent reported riding with an impaired driver at least once in the previous year.
Of those, 23 percent said they were with a pot-impaired driver, and 20 percent were with a booze-impaired driver.
Six percent said they had ridden with a driver hampered by drugs other than marijuana, including ecstasy, amphetamines, opiates, cocaine/crack cocaine, glue or solvents, LSD or anabolic steroids.
The findings were published in the March issue of the Journal of Studies on Alcohol and Drugs.
"Emerging adults are entering the transition period from being kids to being adults, so their behaviors, perceptions, knowledge, and beliefs can still be changed during this period of time," Li said.
"If they realize the problem associated with risky behavior now, they can reduce that behavior and reduce crash risk. But if they don't, and they're influenced by peers who are engaging in risky behavior, that behavior becomes a habit," they explained in a journal news release.
The risk of riding with an impaired driver was much higher when participants were with young adult drivers than with older adult drivers, the study found.
The odds were also greater among young adults not going to a four-year college, those attending technology school, and those living on their own or on campus.
Riding with an impaired driver in the past raised the odds of doing so again, the findings showed. This underscores the importance of teaching youngsters safe driving habits, the researchers said.
Also, research shows that young adults who ride with impaired drivers are at increased risk of driving impaired themselves, Li noted.
More information
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has more on impaired driving.
-- Robert Preidt SOURCE: Journal of Studies on Alcohol and Drugs, news release, March 19, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
"He's played 23 U.S. Opens," said the younger Love, who goes by "Dru." "He's seen every single possible thing you can ever see on a golf course, so that was pretty much a no-brainer for me."
The older Love won the PGA Championship in 1997 at Winged Foot.  They are a two-time Ryder Cup captain who will be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame this fall.
Dru Love is just getting started. They just finished at Alabama and turned pro, having learned on Sunday that they qualified for their U.S. Open as an alternate from the Georgia sectional qualifier.
"I would say the only thing that's holding me back is my lack of experience. I went to Alabama for five years and played one healthy season of golf," Dru Love said. "My dad jokes that I'm 23 years old but I'm 19 in golf."
While the older Love has caddied previously for Dru, father and son have both said the arrangement felt a little odd during their first few days at Erin.
"For the first two days it felt weird having them do the things that I'm usually doing for him, you know, handing them a golf ball or cleaning a club," Dru Love said.
Dru Love has won tournaments with their father on the bag, though as an amateur.
"I've played with a bunch of 19- and 20-year-olds," the elder Love said this week as they watched their son tee off during a practice round with Ryder Cup captain Jim Furyk. "But it makes me feel old that he's playing."
Love III has been slowed by a bad back this year. The 53-year-old pro did not plan to try to qualify for the U.S. Open until they caddied for their son in an earlier qualifying round. Love missed out by eight shots after trying to qualify in Columbus, Ohio.
But the elder Love's experience will come in handy at a long course like Erin Hills, which is making its major championship debut.
"Patience, and routine, and staying calm, and not trying to get ahead of yourself, one shot at a time. They remind me of that," Dru Love said.
Golf is a family business. Their grandfather, Davis Love Jr., was a teaching pro and played in six U.S. Opens.
This will be the first time that Love III will be wearing shorts at a major. So far, it has slowed them down while getting their son golf balls on the range.
"It takes them about 25 minutes because everyone stops and is talking to him," Dru Love joked. "Saying 'Oh, it's the first time we've ever seen your legs' and this and that."
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Hall of Fame Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski is stepping away from the team to have lower back surgery.
The school announced Monday that the procedure is scheduled for Friday, with an anticipated recovery time of four weeks.
Krzyzewski will coach Wednesday night's game against Georgia Tech before handing off to associate head coach Jeff Capel for Saturday's home game against Boston College.
Krzyzewski, 69, will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed at Duke University Hospital. The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery.
Krzyzewski said in a statement that they consulted with the university's medical team and “together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time.” They say the Blue Devils will “be in the capable hands” of Capel and assistants Nate James and Jon Scheyer.
“As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100 (percent) of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve,” they said.
The winningest men's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace their left knee, repair their left ankle and fix a hernia. They squeezed those procedures into a busy summer in which they also led the U.S. Olympic team to the gold medal in Rio de Janeiro.
“To be sure, the entire Duke community is supportive and eager to get Mike back as soon as possible,” Duke athletic director Kevin White said. “His health is paramount, and they will get the best possible care in the world by the Duke medical team. With the proper recovery time, we look forward to Mike doing what they do best — leading and teaching — very soon.”
Capel — a former Duke guard who went 175-110 in nine years coaching at Virginia Commonwealth and Oklahoma — previously took over for Krzyzewski when they missed a trip to Georgia Tech last February because of dehydration and high blood pressure.
That victory in Atlanta marked the first time Krzyzewski did not travel with their team since the 1994-95 season, when they missed the final 19 games due to back surgery and exhaustion. Those Blue Devils went 4-15 during that span and became the last Duke team to miss the NCAA Tournament.
Monday's announcement marks the latest twist in an already drama-filled season for a team voted No. 1 in the preseason on the strength of a lineup led by preseason AP All-American guard Grayson Allen and four immediate-impact freshmen.
On Saturday, the Blue Devils (12-2) were routed at Virginia Tech in the first game of Allen's indefinite suspension for tripping yet another opponent . And those freshmen — Harry Giles, Jayson Tatum, Marques Bolden and Frank Jackson — have played in the same game only three times because of various injuries.
The Blue Devils dropped three spots to No. 8 — their lowest ranking of the season — in the AP Top 25 released Monday .
___
This story has been corrected to show that Krzyzewski, not Capel, will coach Wednesday night's game, which is against Georgia Tech, not Boston College.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
National News Minute video report for Monday, December 11th: Big California fire spreads to Santa Barbara county; Trump records robocall for Roy Moore; Netanyahu and Macron verbally spar over Jerusalem; Paul Manafort going to court.
Comments
comments
LAHORE: The Lahore High Court (LHC) on Friday extended stay on deportation of Turk teachers, Murat Ervan and Mesut, and three family members of the latter.
Justice Shams Mehmood Mirza passed the orders on petitions, filed against possible deportation of Murat Ervan and Mesut and their family members.
During the hearing, a law officer on behalf of the Interior Ministry, submitted that a letter had been written to the intelligence agencies to know whether Mesut, their wife Meral, and daughters—Huda Nur and Fatima Huma Kacmaz—were in their custody.
They requested the court to grant more time for filing a detailed report. At this, the court extended the stay and adjourned hearing for two weeks.
These teachers were working for Pak-Turk schools. It is alleged that Mesut and their three members were picked up by law-enforcing agencies from their residence in Wapda Town on Sept 27 and they might be deported.
Murat Ervan has also expressed apprehensions that they might be deported despite having permission for stay in Pakistan.
THE WOODLANDS, Texas - A man wanted for walking around naked in The Woodlands has been identified by deputies with the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office.
Deputies say the suspect is 56-year-old Steven Dale Brazeal.  They are wanted for multiple incidents of indecent exposure in Montgomery County and in Harris County.
Deputies say on May 17, 2018, Brazeal walked around a clothing store in The Woodlands completely naked. They were also accused of exposing themselves at a TJ Maxx in Shenandoah and at the Kirkland's in Oak Ridge.
Detectives say Brazeal is a lifetime registered sex offender in Oklahoma and they have a history of indecent exposure in Oklahoma as well.
They were arrested on May 23, 2018 for failing to register as a sex offender but was able to bond out, according to the Tulsa Police Department.
It's unclear why they were in Texas the week before.
 They are now facing three warrants for their arrest in Texas.  They are wanted through the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office, Shenandoah Police Department and Oak Ridge Police Department.
The Tulsa Police Department is assisting the departments in finding Brazeal.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Brazeal is asked to contact the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office at 936-760-5800 or the Tulsa Oklahoma Police Department at 918-596-9328.
Thanks to our amazing citizens as well as the work of Detectives of the MCSO, Oak Ridge PD and Shenandoah PD we have been able to identify the indecent exposure suspect as,Steven Dale Brazeal 09-15-61.Any information on the whereabouts of Mr. Brazeal, contact MCSO at 936-760-5800 pic.twitter.com/Q7ZE6NivKW — MCTXSheriff (@MCTXSheriff) May 30, 2018
© 2018 KHOU
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON, Pa. -- Nothing was distracting a group of hard-at-work students during the 2018 STEM Design Challenge featuring K'NEX at Johnson College in Scranton.
The students took a break from the classroom to construct some elaborate designs.
"It's a wonderful idea for them to get out of the normal classroom environment and to get an opportunity to fail, but fail forward. They're failing in a positive way. They're failing in a safe way and they can make those changes to their designs because they have an opportunity to improve when they see it doesn't work the way they want it to," explained Alexandra Konsur, NEIU STEM services coordinator.
For this year's project, each group had to make a home device that is environmentally friendly. They then had to explain to the judges what makes their device environmentally friendly.
"It's environmentally friendly because it's all solar powered, and people don't like mowing the lawn anymore, and it has a solar-powered garage," Forest City Regional fifth grade student Johnathon Conlogue said of their design.
"You use the claw to pick up the trash, and you want to put it in the trash train, and that's how you do it," explained Michael Schuster, Dunmore fourth grader.
"It makes kids inspired and educated to pick up their own trash," said Krithika Krishnan, Dunmore fourth grader.
"We use different sources to power your house. We use rain water, bark and sawdust, and poultry litter. It saves you a lot of money on your bills and stuff," said Lackawanna Trail sixth grader Lily Jagoe.
Clearly, these students are already thinking of ways to help keep the earth clean.
Ohio State All-America safety Malik Hooker is entering the NFL draft after one sensational season as a starter with the Buckeyes.
Hooker redshirted in their first year at Ohio State and played sparingly in 2015. This season they stepped into the starting lineup and led the Buckeyes in interceptions with seven, including a school-record three returned for touchdowns. They also made 74 tackles, third best on the team, and had 11 passes defended.
Hooker announced their intentions Monday with a post on Twitter. They thanked teachers, coaches and teammates for their growth “both as a football player and as a person.”
They said after talking with their family, “we have decided its best for me to forgo my remaining two years of eligibility and declare for the 2-17 NFL draft.”
___
More AP college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 New York 12 13 .480 9½ 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Southeast Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Washington 14 12 .538 — 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Miami 12 13 .480 1½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 4 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Central Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Cleveland 19 8 .704 — 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 16 11 .593 3 7-3 W-4 10-4 6-7 11-6 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Chicago 5 20 .200 13 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 5-5 L-2 5-10 2-9 5-12 Northwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Minnesota 15 11 .577 — 5-5 W-1 8-4 7-7 12-5 Denver 14 12 .538 1 5-5 L-1 10-2 4-10 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 1½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 Utah 13 14 .481 2½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 2½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 Pacific Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Golden State 21 6 .778 — 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½ 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Dallas at Minnesota, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The last stage of the Canadian Culinary Championships are underway
The last stage and most anticipated event of the Canadian Culinary Championships are underway in Kelowna.
The grand finale is a competition where anything goes. The 11 competing chefs, from around the country, create their best dish, paired with either Canadian wine, beer or spirt, for the almost 600 guests to sample.
RELATED: Students excited to be part of Culinary Championships in Kelowna
Some of the dishes being prepared include smoked pork consommé by chef Barry Mooney of Nova Scotia, rotisserie chicken tuile by David Vinoya of Regina, and braised beef cheek and smoke tongue by chef Nick Jewczyk of St. John's.
RELATED: 11 of Canada's top chefs land in Kelowna
The winner and champion chef of 2018 will be announced later Saturday evening.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A federal judge in Las Vegas on Friday will consider a motion to delay the start of next week's high profile trial of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and their militia associates.
In two motions filed by one of the defendants in the 2014 Bunkerville armed standoff this week, the court-appointed attorneys for militia sympathizer Ryan Payne argue that the trial should be delayed in light of Sunday's shooting rampage in Las Vegas at a country music concert that left 59 dead and almost 500 injured. They write: "It is clear that this unprecedented act of violence will prevent the defendants from having a fair trial in this city one week from now."
The second amendment and gun ownership as a form of protest more broadly has featured prominently in the federal government's cases against Cliven Bundy and the 18 other men accused of leading an armed standoff with federal agents near Bundy's ranch in 2014.
Cliven Bundy has refused to pay more than a million dollars in grazing fees to the federal government because they say they don't recognize the government's ownership of public lands.
Payne, who was present at the standoff and also pleaded guilty for their role in the 2016-armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, is asking Judge Gloria Navarro for a delay until the end of this month or move the trial to Reno. In the motion, their attorneys argue that Sunday's shooting has already prompted a broader discussion about guns "with much negative attention focused on a perceived laxity of gun laws and on persons who choose to bear and carry high-powered firearms, which is legal in Nevada."
Among other things, prosecutors in the upcoming trial will argue that the militia men were brandishing guns during the standoff, posing a clear threat to Bureau of Land Management agents who had come to round up Cliven Bundy's cattle that were grazing illegally. The Bundys and their sympathizers have maintained they were exercising their Second Amendment rights as a form of protest.
Ian Bartrum, law professor at the University of Nevada Las Vegas, says Payne's motion is consistent with the defense strategy in earlier trials about the standoff, and in the Oregon case, relying on jurors who sympathize with the men's attitudes toward the federal government and perceived federal overreach.
"I can't imagine they'd want to pick that jury or go to trial now," Bartrum says.
Even though jurors will be chosen from a broad pool across southern Nevada, it's a good bet that most will hail from the Las Vegas metropolitan area, a community that's still grieving from one of the deadliest mass shootings in American history.
Still, that hasn't seemed to have deterred the most high profile defendant in the case, Cliven Bundy himself, who in a new twist filed an objection to Payne's motion on Wednesday. In a separate court filing, their attorney Bret Whipple writes that Bundy continues to demand a speedy trial: "which has been denied for more than a year." Cliven Bundy was arrested in Oregon in February 2016 and has been detained in Nevada awaiting trial since.
The judge is expected to rule from the bench Friday on whether the trial will be delayed. If it's not, jury selection begins in Las Vegas Tuesday morning.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Ball St. 126, Oakland City 55<
Creighton 72, Omaha 51<
Green Bay 76, Loyola of Chicago 39<
Iowa St. 99, NC Central 58<
Michigan 54, Kent St. 41<
Milwaukee 60, Fort Wayne 48<
Missouri St. 76, Oral Roberts 66<
Morehead St. 82, Evansville 75<
N. Iowa 92, Wis.-Parkside 62<
Northwestern 68, Stony Brook 36<
Oakland 104, Michigan-Dearborn 44<
Ohio 77, Purdue 71<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New King's College London research reveals a 39 per cent drop in physical assaults -- both between patients and towards staff -- following the introduction of a smoke-free policy at the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust (SLaM).
Published today in The Lancet Psychiatry, the study has important implications for the introduction of smoke-free policies, not only in psychiatric hospitals but also in other institutions such as prisons.
Smoking within psychiatric hospitals has long been a cultural norm, and is thought to be a major reason why people with mental health problems die 15-20 years earlier than the general population. Despite this, smoke-free policies have previously been hampered by concerns, especially from hospital staff, that physical violence will increase.
In 2013, the National Institute of Health and Care Excellence (NICE) recommended the introduction of smoke-free policies in acute, maternity and mental health services, with on-site help for patients -- whether they want to stop smoking or not - to manage their withdrawal symptoms.
As part of SLaM's policy, smoking is prohibited in the buildings and grounds of its four south London hospitals, smokers are offered stop smoking treatment such as nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) and patients are allowed to use e-cigarettes.
The researchers from King's College London, SLaM, University of Nottingham and University of York, analysed incident reports of physical assaults 30 months before and 12 months after the smoke-free policy was introduced.
During this study period, there were 4,550 physical assaults, with 2,916 towards staff and 1,634 between patients.
Researchers found a 39 per cent reduction in the number of physical assaults per month following the introduction of the policy. This was after accounting for general and seasonal trends and a range of factors that could also have influenced the rates of violence. For example, the number of patients on the wards each month who were male, of a younger age and detained under the Mental Health Act.
Dr Debbie Robson, Senior Post-Doctoral Researcher in Tobacco Addiction at King's College London, said: 'Hopefully our findings will reassure staff that introducing a smoke-free policy does not increase physical violence as is often feared. We believe there are a number of possibilities why rates of violence actually decreased. Historically, cigarettes have been used as a tool to manage patient behaviour and patients often coerce their peers into handing over cigarettes. To support the introduction of the smoke-free policy SLaM invested in new treatment pathways for smokers and a staff training programme, which may have contributed to changing the culture of how staff and patients interact.'
Mary Yates, Nurse Consultant and smoke-free lead at the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust, added: 'Tobacco withdrawal often prompts restlessness, irritability and a fixation on finding opportunities to smoke, and hospital staff understandably mistake this as a sign of worsening mental health. Smoking during a period of tobacco withdrawal only serves to reinforce this misinterpretation, as patients will appear calmer and less irritable as nicotine levels are topped up. This is incorrectly taken as evidence that smoking is therapeutic and necessary to prevent agitation.'
This study was undertaken at the NIHR Collaboration for Leadership in Applied Health Research and Care (CLAHRC) South London, where a team of researchers is investigating ways to help people with severe mental illness to improve their physical health.
###
Notes to editors
For further media information please contact Jack Stonebridge, Senior Press Officer, Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience, King's College London jack.stonebridge@kcl.ac.uk/ 020 7848 5377.
About King's College London
King's College London is one of the top 25 universities in the world (2016/17 QS World University Rankings) and among the oldest in England. King's has more than 26,500 students (of whom nearly 10,400 are graduate students) from some 150 countries worldwide, and nearly 6,900 staff. The university is in the second phase of a £1 billion redevelopment programme which is transforming its estate.
King's has an outstanding reputation for world-class teaching and cutting-edge research. In the 2014 Research Excellence Framework (REF) King's was ranked 6th nationally in the 'power' ranking, which takes into account both the quality and quantity of research activity, and 7th for quality according to Times Higher Education rankings. Eighty-four per cent of research at King's was deemed 'world-leading' or 'internationally excellent' (3* and 4*). The university is in the top seven UK universities for research earnings and has an overall annual income of more than £600 million.
King's has a particularly distinguished reputation in the humanities, law, the sciences (including a wide range of health areas such as psychiatry, medicine, nursing and dentistry) and social sciences including international affairs. It has played a major role in many of the advances that have shaped modern life, such as the discovery of the structure of DNA and research that led to the development of radio, television, mobile phones and radar.
King's College London and Guy's and St Thomas', King's College Hospital and South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trusts are part of King's Health Partners. King's Health Partners Academic Health Sciences Centre (AHSC) is a pioneering global collaboration between one of the world's leading research-led universities and three of London's most successful NHS Foundation Trusts, including leading teaching hospitals and comprehensive mental health services. For more information, visit: http://www. kingshealthpartners. org .
The National Institute for Health Research (NIHR): improving the health and wealth of the nation through research.
Established by the Department of Health, the NIHR:
funds high quality research to improve health
trains and supports health researchers
provides world-class research facilities
works with the life sciences industry and charities to benefit all
involves patients and the public at every step
The Range Rover Evoque has been around for almost six years, so it makes perfect sense Land Rover is out and about on public roads testing the next iteration of its luxury crossover. Even though it's early in the testing phase, already there are some revealing aspects about what's in tow for the second generation.
In the words of Shakira, “hips don't lie.” We can easily see the test mule is slightly wider than the current Evoque, which suggests some important hardware changes are being prepared for the new model. The black plastic extensions on the rear wheel arches indicate the second-gen model will have a wider rear track, while the increased ride height hints at some in-depth changes the engineers are working on for the Evoque's second installment.
At the same time, the extra width is expected to pay dividends in terms of available space inside the cabin. The wheelbase doesn't seem to be longer, but better packaging brought by the new underpinnings might free up more room, especially for those sitting in the back.
The second interesting aspect about this test mule is at the back where there's a familiar yellow high voltage sticker. That means we're probably looking at an electrified Evoque in the making. You'd be tempted to say it's an EV judging by the lack of exhaust tips, but we checked the vehicle's license plate with UK's Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) and discovered it had a turbodiesel engine.
According to a report published by Autocar last September, Land Rover is preparing a mild hybrid powertrain said to combine a three-cylinder diesel with an electrically powered turbocharger and a 48V electrical system. One could speculate the next Evoque will receive the thrifty hardware, although it's too early to know for sure.
Expect the production car to make use of JLR's latest crop of Ingenium engines. Earlier in the day we talked about the new 2.0-liter gasoline unit available with 200 and 250 horsepower in the XE sedan, which from now on can also be had with a new 2.0-liter turbodiesel rated at 240 hp and 500 Nm. Expect these four-cylinder units to find their way underneath the Evoque's hood once the model will debut probably in the latter half of 2018.
Photos: CarPix
Richard Biener of SUSE has just announced the release of the GNU Compiler Collection 7.2.GCC 7.2 is available this morning and is a point release to this year's GCC 7 stable release. This is the first point release since the GCC 7.1 release earlier this year, which was the first stable version of GCC 7.The GCC 7.2 update has more than 95 bug fixes. GCC 8 meanwhile is the next major release of this GNU compiler due out in 2018.GCC 7.2 can be downloaded from GNU.org
Market Overview:
Smart Textiles, also known as smart clothing and smart garments, are the fabrics which easily accommodates battery, light, smart chips, digital components, and other electronics. These type of fabrics are designed and developed with the implementation of advanced technologies, which add to the value of such clothing. The Smart Textiles are of two major types depending on the function they perform, performance enhancing, and aesthetic. The performance enhancing the type of Smart Textiles are mainly used in sports, athletic and military applications, wherein they control body weight and temperature, external vibrations, and wind resistance to improve the overall performance of an athlete. The aesthetic smart fabrics are the ones which light up and change color, absorbs energy from the environment by harnessing vibrations, heat, light, and sound by reacting with them. Some other smart fabrics are also designed to guard the body and skin against harmful radiations, natural hazards, and effects of space during space travel.
The Smart Textile has ability to enhance and add value to fabrics to meet the need of various applications. The demand for lightweight and durable fabrics in numerous applications starting from textile, sports, automotive to defense and space has witnessed upward trend during the past few years and is anticipated to be the same over the forecast period. According to some leading research institutes in the world, the global aerospace composite or core material market may register nearly 40 billion USD by expanding at a growth rate of around 9% till the end of 2023. This is expected to boost demand for the smart fabrics in the manufacturing aerospace composites. Apart from aerospace industry, the automotive industry is fetching a considerable amount of smart fabrics in various applications such as dashboard, under the hood, insulation, and sensing. With changing lifestyle of people around the world, they are becoming more health conscious than ever before and this trend may grow even further due to shifting sentiments in favor of prevention instead of searching for cure. This is likely to fuel the demand for smart textile fabrics in the smart clothing wear, safety gears, and sensing fabrics. Around the globe, the leading and emerging military powers such as the U.S., Russia, China, and India are investing sizeable share of their GDP in building their armor, upgrading their defense system, and enhancing the deterrence ability. This is anticipated to boost the demand for the smart fabrics in the coming years. However, the major bottleneck in the growth trajectory is the capital-intensive nature of Smart Textile.
Get a Sample Report for Brief Overview @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5477
Segmentation:
The Global Smart Textile Market is segmented on the basis of Types, Application, End Use Industry and Region.
Based on the Type, the market is classified into passive smart textile, active smart textile, and very smart textile.
On the Basis of the Applications, the market is categorized into sensing, architecture, medical, energy harvest, thermo-electricity, and others.
By the End Use Industry, the Global Smart Textile Market is divided into military & defense, building & construction, automotive, textile, medical, sports, and others.
Regionally, the market is divided into five key regions: North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East & Africa, and Latin America.
Regional Analysis:
The Global Smart Textile Market is spanned across five key regions: North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Among these regions, North America is the dominant market and holding major share of the market on account of increasing demand from major end-use industries such as military & defense and sports. The U.S. is the largest market in this region due to the presence of a considerable number of market players and growth of defense sector. Asia Pacific is the second largest region in the Global Smart Textile Market following North America. Yet, this region is estimated to grow at the highest CAGR among other regions in this market. Countries namely India, South Korea, China, and Japan are the major countries in this regional market. The growth of this region is attributed to the growing public investment in the marine and defense sectors, along with aerospace industry. Europe is another substantial market in the global smart textile market. The major contributors to the regional market are France, the U.K, Germany, and Italy. The major end users of the Smart Textile in this region are automotive and aerospace, along with textiles industry, which is driving growth of the market. During the years to follow, the opportunities for composite and core material is growing in the Middle East & Africa and Latin America, which is expected to propel the growth of these regional markets.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/smart-textile-market-5477
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Kandy: India inched towards victory even as Dinesh Chandimal and Angelo Mathews staged a desperate battle to prolong Sri Lanka's struggle with the hosts posting 82/4 in their second innings at lunch on the third day of the third Test here on Monday.
India vs Sri Lanka - Complete Coverage | Full Schedule
At lunch, Chandimal was batting on 26 with Mathews on a patient 17 at the other end. They have put together an unbeaten partnership of 43 runs in 20.5 overs.
The hosts, who were forced to follow on, trail India's first innings total of 487 by 270 runs. Sri Lanka were all out for 135 runs in their first innings.
For India, fast bowler Mohammed Shami clinched two wickets while fellow pacer Umesh Yadav and star off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin bagged a wicket each.
Starting at the overnight score of 19/1, Sri Lanka were off a horrible start, losing three wickets within the first hour of play. The hosts were reduced to 39/4 before Chandimal and Mathews started their fight back.
This is the first ever instance that the entire Sri Lankan top order has been dismissed within 50 runs in both innings of a Test match against India.
The hosts suffered their first jolt in the third over of the day when overnight batsman Dimuth Karunaratne was outfoxed by the extra bounce of an Ashwin delivery. The ball brushed the gloves before being caught by Ajinkya Rahane in the slips.
Malinda Pushpakumara patiently battled 32 deliveries for their one run before being caught behind off Shami's bowling. The right-hander was repeatedly beaten outside the off-stump by Shami, by managed to survive somehow.
Their luck finally ran out when they came on the front foot to a fuller length delivery on the off-stump line, only to see the ball knick the outside edge of the bat on its way into the gloves of Indian wicket-keeper Wriddhiman Saha.
Shami then sent back Kusal Mendis in their next over to put the Sri Lankans in deep trouble.
Brief scores:
Sri Lanka: 135 & 82/4 (Dinesh Chandimal 26 batting, Angelo Mathews 17 batting; Mohammed Shami 2/20) vs India (first innings): 487.
Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–E. Washington-South Dakota Box
SOUTH DAKOTA 75, E. WASHINGTON 73 E. WASHINGTON (3-7)
Peatling 6-9 6-6 19, Gibson 2-6 2-2 7, Davison 0-4 0-0 0, Perry 4-8 2-2 13, Bliznyuk 7-15 2-2 18, Hunt 4-7 0-0 8, Polanco 0-1 0-0 0, Griciunas 1-2 0-0 2, Benzel 2-5 0-0 6. Totals 26-57 12-12 73.
SOUTH DAKOTA (9-3)
Hagedorn 3-3 0-0 6, Burch-Manning 8-12 2-4 19, Hurst 3-4 0-0 6, Simpson 3-8 0-0 6, Mooney 5-12 8-8 19, Fuller 3-5 5-7 11, Jech 0-0 0-0 0, Sparks 1-1 2-2 4, Peterson 2-6 0-0 4, Armstrong 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 28-51 17-21 75.
Halftime_South Dakota 32-31. 3-Point Goals_E. Washington 9-23 (Perry 3-5, Bliznyuk 2-3, Benzel 2-5, Peatling 1-1, Gibson 1-5, Davison 0-1, Polanco 0-1, Hunt 0-2), South Dakota 2-12 (Burch-Manning 1-2, Mooney 1-6, Fuller 0-1, Hurst 0-1, Simpson 0-1, Peterson 0-1). Fouled Out_Gibson. Rebounds_E. Washington 25 (Bliznyuk 9), South Dakota 26 (Burch-Manning 8). Assists_E. Washington 12 (Bliznyuk 4), South Dakota 13 (Simpson, Hagedorn 4). Total Fouls_E. Washington 19, South Dakota 15. A_1,998 (10,000).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
PARIS (AP) — It is a dream come true for U.S.-based climate scientists — the offer of all-expenses-paid life in France to advance their research in Europe instead of in the United States under climate skeptic President Donald Trump, two of the winners say.
American scientist Camille Parmesan and British scientist Benjamin Sanderson are among the 18 initial winners, including 13 based in the U.S., of French President Emmanuel Macron's “Make Our Planet Great Again” climate grants.
Macron congratulated the winners during a brief ceremony in Paris on Monday evening, ahead of a climate summit that gathers more than 50 world leaders in the French capital Tuesday.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Parmesan expressed elation at the prospect of spending the next five years doing their research in France instead of the United States.
Advertisement
A scientist from the University of Texas at Austin, they are a leader in the field on how climate affects wildlife. They lived for a few years in Britain for family reasons and was considering returning to the U.S. until Trump's election.
“He very, very rapidly has been actively trying to erode science in the U.S.A. and in particular climate science,” they said. “And it's hard for two reasons: Funding is becoming almost impossible, and in a psychological sense.”
Parmesan answered with enthusiasm Macron's appeal for climate researchers to come work in France, minutes after Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord. “It gave me such a psychological boost, it was so good to have that kind of support, to have the head of state saying I value what you do,” they said.
Parmesan, who said they are looking forward to improving their French, will be working at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees mountains.
Sanderson, who also worked in the U.S., told the AP that they found it “very reassuring” that France is “openly encouraging climate research.”
They said their application was motivated by “the fact that France is making a stand on prioritizing climate change research, but also it's increasingly hard to get research funding in the U.S.”
Sanderson used to work at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado, on risks and uncertainties under climate change. For the next few years, they will be living in Toulouse, in southern France, where the country's national meteorological service is based.
France's ministry of Research said the selection of the laureates focused on “scientific excellence and relevance to the call”.
“It's very troubling,” that researchers feel they need to leave the United States to get needed support for their work, said Chris McEntee, chief executive officer of the American Geophysical Union, an organization of more than 60,000 Earth and space scientists. “Ever since the election there has been fear and anxiety among the scientific community.
“It's not good for the U.S. but it's not good for the world either,” McEntee said.
___
Science writer Seth Borenstein contributed from New Orleans.
Evan Johnson went 4-for-4 with four RBIs as the Shipley baseball team blanked Abington Friends, 10-0, on Tuesday. Blake Rodack picked up their fourth win of the year for the Gators, who improved to 15-2 on the season.
***
Brian Murphy's RBI single in the fourth was the difference as Springfield (Montco) held off Hatboro-Horsham, 2-1. Nick Pave recorded seven strikeouts.
***
Jacob Schwartz drove in two runs during a four-run sixth as Jenkintown took down Central, 5-3.
***
Dane Greisiger went 3-for-4 with five RBIs as Friends' Central beat Germantown Friends, 9-5. Alex McDonnell had a key two-run single during a six-run fifth.
Softball
Interboro got past Penn Wood, 12-0, thanks to an all-around effort from Bridget Bailey. They received the win in the circle and helped themselves out the plate with two RBIs.
***
Makenzie Paxson and Courtney Sherwood, and Haley Waring had three RBIs apiece as Little Flower rolled past West Catholic, 25-0. Virginia Britto tossed a three-inning no-hitter.
***
Amanda Stapf finished a homer shy of the cycle as Franklin Towne Charter cruised past Girls High, 19-1. They also got the win in the circle.
Girls' Lacrosse
Ashley Gundy netted five goals as Shipley rallied past Moorestown Friends, 11-8. Alexis Watson of Moorestown Friends scored their 208th career goal to become the school's all-time leading scorer.
***
Eva Kinnel scored five goals in George School's 14-5 victory over Academy of the New Church. Alexandra Long added one goal and five assists.
Boys' Lacrosse
Scott Deck paced a balanced attack with three goals as Haverford School defeated Springside Chestnut Hill, 16-4. The Fords received goals from 10 different players.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
A team from Yorkshire is in London helping survivors of the London fire disaster.
Wakefield-based charity Penny Appeal is working with the Faiths Forum for London and the British Red Cross to distribute water, food parcels and blankets to those who have lost everything.
They have been given responsibility for distributing hot food to 300 people who have been made homeless at the Westway in London.
And they have appealed to people in the region to make a cash donation. They have been inundated with blankets and clothing and don't need any more - but still are accepting sanitary products and phone chargers.
A team was scrambled as soon as news of the tragedy broke and were among the first charities on the scene.
They are being joined today by another dozen members from Wakefield, Leeds and Bradford. More are en route from the Midlands and Manchester.
Penny Appeal volunteers in London
More than £1 million has been raised to help those affected as fire tore through the 24-storey building while volunteers and charities helped feed and shelter people who could not return to their homes overnight.
The charity's chief executive Aamer Naeem said they would be doing all they could to help in the coming days and weeks.
They said: "There's been so many people affected - people from Wakefield with relatives who lived in the block.
"One of the ladies found out that their nieces passed away, but their sister-in-law is still missing.
A huge amount of shoes and other items have been donated
“We have a team on the ground, including our Head of Programmes and are coordinating with local partners including the Faiths Forum for London and The British Red Cross.
“We are also coordinating aid with the Sikh communities in Yorkshire and will be disseminating aid over the next few days as appropriate.
“Whilst our courageous emergency services are in their rescue phase, our team, and many others are working to make sure those affected know they are not alone.”
Call 03000 11 11 11 to donate or volunteer.
Penny Appeal volunteers
Penny Appeal shops in Bradford, Manchester and Birmingham are also accepting donations.
DUBAI, April 5 Saudi Aramco has raised 11.25 billion riyals ($3.00 billion) in its debut sukuk issuance, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
The Islamic bond, part of a 37.5 billion riyal programme, is the oil giant's first fundraising exercise aimed at diversifying its revenues, impacted by low international oil prices.
The floating rate local currency sukuk has a seven-year maturity and offers 25 basis points over the six-month Saudi Arabian Interbank Offered Rate (SAIBOR).
The sources declined to be identified because details of the deal are not public ($1 = 3.7502 riyals) (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum's stunning, explicit and very honest Facebook rant about other parents bragging has racked up thousands of comments and shares.
Them hilarious message has had well over 5,000 interactions and 4,000 shares from people they have firmly struck a chord with.
Chelsea O'Connor posted it after they decided to share their message to all the 'perfect' parents out there, reports the Manchester Evening News .
Parenting is a minefield, as all mums and dads know, with hundreds of daily hurdles, heartbreaking moments and worrying yourself sick you aren't cut out to be a mum or dad.
But Chelsea delivered a scathing message to anybody who brags about their little angels - and they have been hailed as "brilliant" for doing so.
Chelsea, from Bolton, talks very honestly about what their kids get up to at home and how they deal with them.
They write: " 'I Never Let my Kids eat processed Foods'
"Oh pi** off Paula you're lying bas***d!
"After a week of three school runs a day, plus the ‘I forgot my banana on the stairs mum!!' re run before you eventually turn up for work, looking like something a f***ing cat dragged in, you reach for those chicken tw***ing nuggets, chips and beans on a Friday Night like we all do!
" 'My Kids are in bed by 7pm every night'
"Really Susan?? REALLY??
"Because my little c*** were swinging from the curtains like f**king spider monkeys every night last week until 8.30pm when they eventually shut the f**k up and went to sleep.
"F**k off Susan ya lying tw**t and put your Piriton syringe away ya cheating f**k stick!
" 'My kids are only allowed their tablets for 20 minutes a day'
"Barbara you're a lying bas***d!
"We all tell them to ‘watch a film' whilst we clean our s**t hole houses, then before we know it they're neck deep and two hours into some screaming little t**t on YouTube, watching them play an Xbox game that they f**king own themselves, but noooooo, its more fun watching some snotty bratty bastard playing it!!
" 'Mine aren't allowed treats in between meals, they have fruit'
"Carole you bull****ting a**e goblin!! I left the room for five minutes last week and this happened ...
"A f**k tonne of milk! A whole tray of biscuits. Both iPads and massive happy faces!!!
"Like f**k I was taking it off them. I was proud of their teamwork!!
"They're children. They should be allowed chicken nuggets for tea every now and then.
"It's OK if they have a late night here and there, or an iPad game/film for longer than 20 minutes so we can maybe, just maybe wash our f**king hair alone without our gremlins trashing the bathroom like a pair of wild bas***d seals!!
"Mums you're doing just fine!
"Make the f**king nuggets. Utilise the iPads so you can maybe hear the voices in your head again.
"Let them knacker themselves out playing TMNT (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles) upstairs on the c*****g curtains until they flake out, and let them have a treat. Let them steal the cookies from the cupboard and let them be f**king proud of it!
"With faces like those, I know I am."
And other parents absolutely love their brutally honest message.
Thousands have commented under Chelsea's post, praising the mum for 'keeping it real'.
Kirsty Suddons said: "Hahaha this is funny so true and super funny."
Nicola Jane said: "Want to like, love and laugh at this!!! Bloody brill!x"
And Gillian Skeath added: "This is probably the best thing I've ever read."
Most categories see positive figures. Youth unemployment (among those under 25) dropped with almost 6 percent. The category between 25 and 50 years saw a drop of just over 6 percent.
The 50+ category, traditionally a tough one, enjoyed a 5.4 percent improvement. The best figures were in the 50-55 and 55-60 years category, with declines of some 8 percent. Figures for the 60+ meanwhile increased with 10 percent, but this mostly due to a different rule as people have to remain stand-by until a later age.
Problems remain in the section of immigrant job seekers, where figures remained more or less stable despite the other excellent reports. Language, culture and also discrimination are mentioned as the main causes. "This remains a problematic issue", admitted the Flemish Employment Minister Philippe Muyters (N-VA), who wants a more tailored approach.
NEW YORK (AP) — She's once, twice, three times a Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover lady.
Kate Upton is once again gracing the cover of the annual issue, becoming only the fourth woman to do so three times. This year, she's making the splash with three different covers.
Other women who did the cover three times include Tyra Banks, Heidi Klum and Christie Brinkley, who also is featured in this year's edition with their two daughters. Elle Macpherson holds the record with five cover appearances.
Other notables in this year's edition include former cover girl Chrissy Teigen, an expectant mother and athletes including tennis champ Serena Williams and Olympic gold medal gymnast Simone Biles.
___
Online:
http://www.si.com/swimsuit/
RELEASE FROM MISSOURI SOUTHERN ATHLETICS:
Durant, Okla. - The Missouri Southern softball team fell to East Central (4-2) in the first game, but rebounded with a three-run sixth inning against Rockhurst for its first victory of the 2018 season (4-1) to complete the first day of the Southeastern Regional Friday afternoon.
Game 1
The Lions fell the East Central Tigers by a score of 4-2. Southern took an early lead in the bottom of the third after Erika Lutgen led off with a deep shot to left center field.
The Tigers responded with two outs in the top of the fourth inning thanks an error in the infield to tie the game up and then take the lead through a hit-by-pitch (second of the inning) to lead by one. Then Taylor ripped a single to right field to allow runners on third and second to score to complete a four-run fourth.
Shortstop Shelby Friend went 2-for-3 at the plate, including a solo homerun in sixth to cut the deficit to two. Abi Corbett added a 2-for-4 day with a double.
Atkin did not allow an Darn run on five hits and two walks while striking out two in five innings of work.
Game 2
Instead of scoring first, the Lions fell behind 1-0 for a stretch to begin game two until they tied the game up in the fourth and then rattled off a three-run sixth inning and shutout the Rockhurst hawks in the final two innings to secures their first victory of the 2018 season.
Elizabeth Windsor recorded a RBI-single to put the Lions in front with two outs in the top of the sixth. Then catcher Angel Badalamenti with the bases loaded recorded their first hit of the season as moment as the ball reached the outfield fence, allowing two runners to score and give MSSU a three-run cushion.
Junior pitcher Taurean Guzman went the distance by registering a complete game in their first start of the year. They allowed one run on six hits, while striking out four and walking zero.
Second Day
Southern is back on the field at noon tomorrow to take on Oklahoma Baptist before facing off against host Southeastern Oklahoma State at 2:30 pm on day two of the Southeastern Regional.
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
Italy's two main anti-establishment parties could yet form a government, after the man nominated as interim prime minister said politicians, rather than technocrats like himself, might be able to steer the country out of deadlock.
Wednesday's development came as financial markets calmed after a rout a day earlier.
The crisis started when the 5-Star Movement and the right-wing League abandoned their plan to form a coalition after the head of state vetoed their choice of 81-year-old eurosceptic economist Paolo Savona as finance minister.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister-designate Carlo Cottarelli said possibilities had emerged "for the birth of a political government," and that financial market turmoil and other circumstances, "have caused me to wait for further developments".
A source close to President Sergio Mattarella, who vetoed Savona as finance minister and appointed Cottarelli to form a government to oversee fresh elections around the end of the year, said the two men had "decided together not to rush things, (to favour) a possible political government".
Luigi Di Maio, head of the 5-Star Movement which emerged from inconclusive elections in March as the biggest party in parliament, appealed to the League to drop its insistence on Savona as economy minister, so that the two parties could resurrect their bid to govern together.
"Let's find someone of the same calibre as Savona, who would still remain in the government in another ministry," Di Maio said on Facebook after meeting with Mattarella.
Mattarella welcomed the proposal, according to their staff. League leader Matteo Salvini, who is surging in opinion polls, seemed cool on the idea but did not rule it out.
"I hope we can launch a government, we'll see in the coming hours," they told party supporters.
However, in an apparent reference to Di Maio's plan they added an analogy between ministers and footballers: "If someone is a goalkeeper they have to play as goalkeeper, if someone is a striker they have to play as a striker."
Earlier in the day they had called for a snap election as "the best way to get out of this quagmire and confusion".
Anyone with a passing interest in Caribbean culture or creole blues music, might enjoy a visit to 3rd Place, Market Square, Dundalk tomorrow for an evening of chat and music.
Hosted by 3rd Place, the event running from 7.00-9.00 pm, Thursday, June 15 features Ines Khai.
Dubbed the ‘Queen of Creole Soul', Ines Khai will share their music and talk about Caribbean culture, Creole Blues music and the Guadeloupe Creole Blues concert, that takes place each May.
To find out more about this free event go here
ISTANBUL (AP) - Turkish military and allied Syrian forces marched into the center of the northern Syrian town of Afrin Sunday, raising their flags and shooting in the air in celebration nearly two months after launching their offensive on the Kurdish enclave. The advancing troops faced little resistance from the Kurdish militia that retreated and vowed to turn to guerrilla tactics.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced the capture of Afrin, previously controlled by the Kurdish militia known as the People's Defense Units, or YPG.
"Many of the terrorists had turned tail and run away already," Erdoğan said in a speech in western Turkey. "In Afrin's center, it is no longer the rags of the terror organization that are waving but rather the symbols of peace and security."
The Kurdish militia called the assault on Afrin an "occupation" and vowed a "new phase" of guerrilla tactics against Turkish troops and its allied Syrian fighters.
It is not clear what Turkey would do after the capture of Afrin. Turkey views the Kurdish forces in the Afrin enclave along the border as terrorists linked to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, which has waged a decades-long insurgency within Turkey's borders.
Erdoğan has repeatedly said that Turkey will not allow a "terror corridor" along its border and has vowed to push east after Afrin. Erdoğan threatened to move to Manbij, a Kurdish-run town to the east where U.S. troops have also maintained a presence after it was cleared of Islamic State militants in 2016.
Washington's support to the YPG, including arming the militia and relying on it to battle Islamic State militants in eastern Syria, has strained relations between Turkey and the U.S. A push east could further inflame tension.
In an attempt to prevent such a move east, Washington began discussions to address Turkey's concerns about the Kurdish militia's presence in Manbij. Turkey wants the YPG to pull out from the town.
Meanwhile, U.S. and Kurdish officials said Turkey's fight with the YPG has distracted from fighting IS. A Kurdish official Sunday said the fight against IS in northeastern Deir el-Zour province, where remnants of IS have remained, have been put on hold as the battle for Afrin unfolded.
On Sunday, Kurdish officials said they had evacuated Afrin of civilians. Footage of long lines of vehicles leaving the town was aired on Syrian state-run TV. Fewer residents got out on foot or on motorcycles heading to government-controlled areas nearby.
Later Sunday, limited fighting was reported in some pockets in Afrin town while Turkish military said it was combing the area for land mines and explosives.
In a press conference outside of Afrin, Kurdish official Othman Sheik Issa said a new phase of the fight will begin against Turkey, threatening "hit and run tactics" to target Turkish troops and its allied forces. They said YPG fighters remain deployed in areas of Afrin.
"Our forces in all parts of Afrin will turn into a continuous nightmare for them," Issa said. "The resistance will continue in Afrin until it is all liberated and it goes back to its rightful owners."
Ankara launched the operation, codenamed Olive Branch, against the town and surrounding areas on Jan. 20, slowly squeezing the militia and hundreds of thousands of civilians into the town center. Forty six Turkish soldiers have been killed since then.
Soon after Erdoğan announced their forces and allied Syrian fighters had seized Afrin, footage by Turkey's private Dogan news agency showed Syrian fighters shooting in the air in celebration.
Another Dogan video showed a Syrian fighter shooting at a statue symbolizing the Kurdish new year celebrations that are also being held this week, before a bulldozer attempts to pull it down. The statue is of Kawa, a mythological figure revered by the Kurds who defeated a brutal ruler in Iran's Zagros mountains and lit fires to spread the news, ushering in spring.
Turkish government spokesperson Bekir Bozdag tweeted that Turkey would take steps to restore daily life and ensure access to food and health care. "Our job is not done yet, we have a lot more work. But terror and terrorists in Afrin are over," they said.
The army posted a video on social media showing a soldier holding a Turkish flag and a man waving the Syrian opposition flag on the balcony of the district parliament building with a tank stationed on the street. The soldier called the capture a "gift" to the Turkish nation and to fallen soldiers on the anniversary of a famous World War I victory.
Turkey is marking the 103rd anniversary of the battle of Gallipoli, where the Ottoman Empire repelled an invasion by Allied forces after several months of heavy fighting.
Afrin appeared largely empty. Salih Muslim, a senior Kurdish official living in exile in Europe, tweeted that Kurdish fighters had withdrawn from the town but that they will continue their fight.
Turkish TVs filmed some residents celebrating the arriving troops.
Azad Mohamed, a resident of Afrin who fled the fighting, said they spent two days on the road until they reached relatives in eastern Syria. "It was collective displacement. There was an endless line along the road," they said. They said there were still armed fighters when they left the town who had vowed to keep up the fight.
Mohamed said they worried they will not be able to return home.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said nearly 200,000 people have fled the Afrin region in recent days amid heavy airstrikes, entering Syrian government-held territory nearby. Erdoğan has said the people of Afrin will return.
Issa, the Kurdish official, said more than 800 YPG fighters have been killed in the 58 days of fighting, and estimated that 500 civilians were killed. The Observatory puts the number of casualties at over 280 civilians, adding that more than 1,500 Kurdish fighters have been killed since Jan.20. Turkey says it has taken all measures to avoid civilian casualties.
Turkey launched an earlier cross-border operation in 2016 to clear an area in northern Syria of IS and the YPG, preventing the Kurdish group from linking Afrin with the much larger territories it holds to the east.
Turkey also fears the establishment of a Kurdish self-ruled zone in Syria that could inspire its own Kurdish minority to press for greater autonomy. A peace process with the PKK collapsed in 2015, reigniting a conflict that has killed tens of thousands over more than three decades.
The Kurds are the largest stateless ethnic group in the Middle East, with some 30 million living in an area split between Iran, Iraq, Turkey and Syria.
___
El Deeb reported from Beirut.
EAST GREENWICH TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) - New Jersey State Police say a pedestrian was struck and killed by a vehicle overnight.
WPVI-TV reports the crash happened around 9 p.m. Sunday on Interstate 295 in East Greenwich Township. Police believe the victim was walking or riding a bike when they were hit.
Authorities have not identified the victim. Police say the driver involved in the crash stopped.
No charges were immediately filed and the crash remains under investigation.
PHOENIX (AP) - Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey pushed state lawmakers Monday to approve big teacher raises as school districts make plans to close if educators who call their proposal insufficient launch the first-ever statewide strike this week.
The Republican governor has stuck to their plan to increase teacher pay 20 percent by 2020 after educators voted to walk off the job Thursday because it did not include an overall boost in school funding or raises for support staff. The GOP-dominant Legislature and others are wary of how the state will pay for the plan.
Ducey, who is running for re-election, has sent a message to lawmakers, vetoing 10 pieces of Republican legislation last week to show that they want serious discussions on a state budget that implements their proposal. Legislative leaders say it is unlikely they will reach an agreement before the strike.
The political dealing comes as Arizona teachers, among the lowest-paid in the U.S., ramp up a grass-roots effort that spurred weeks of protests and joined a national movement for higher salaries. It started in West Virginia, where a strike garnered a raise, and spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky and most recently Colorado.
Over a dozen of Colorado school districts, including the 10 largest, are canceling classes or sending students home Thursday and Friday because of planned teacher protests. The districts account for over half of the approximately 910,000 students enrolled in Colorado schools.
In Arizona, teachers are keeping up demonstrations before school and lining busy streets during rush hour as the walkout nears. Car windows throughout the Phoenix area are scrawled with supportive messages, and businesses have put up signs backing the so-called #RedforEd campaign.
But teachers could face consequences in this right-to-work state, where unions do not collectively bargain with school districts and representation is not mandatory.
The Arizona Education Association, the largest teacher membership group, has warned its 20,000 members about a 1971 Arizona attorney general opinion saying a statewide strike would be illegal under common law and participants could lose their teaching credentials.
No school district has said they would fire educators who strike or revoke teaching certificates.
Hundreds of school districts and parents were scrambling this week to figure out how to handle a walkout.
Some large districts - including Mesa Public Schools in suburban Phoenix, the state's largest - have already said they are going to close all schools Thursday and until the walkout ends. That means hourly employees, such as custodians, would not work or be paid.
Peoria Unified School District, which serves about 37,000 students, also planned to close Thursday and Friday. In a letter to parents, officials said a majority of certified teachers won't be coming to work, preventing adequate student-to-staff ratios.
"At this time, we do not know how long schools will be closed," the letter said. "If a change at the state or local level indicates that we are able to reopen our schools, we will inform you immediately."
The closures could leave parents struggling to make child care plans. Some organizations, like the Arizona Science Center in Phoenix, are hosting day camps where parents can send their children.
Local parent-teacher associations also were working to ensure that students who rely on free breakfast and lunch at school can receive meals.
Despite the disruptions, Republican state Sen. John Kavanagh, who heads the appropriations committee, said a budget deal is not likely before Thursday's walkout.
"I think if it was just the Senate that had to agree on the result we could do it this week," Kavanagh said. "But given that we need the House and the governor to go along with this, this week is probably overly optimistic."
Ducey spokesperson Daniel Scarpinato said the governor is working with lawmakers and plans to meet this week with Democrats, who are usually left out of budget talks. Ducey will not meet with teachers.
Republican lawmakers and teachers groups are concerned about the rosy revenue projections Ducey is using to cover the pay raise, which will cost $650 million by 2020.
"I think the Senate's going to come out with a funding version and other parts of the budget adjusted to make us feel a little more secure in the long-term revenue projections," Kavanagh said. "We're a little concerned about the out years, and we'll try to make some modifications to deal with that."
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — Police in Cambodia have announced the arrest of a British man suspected of involvement in the killing of another Briton in the Thai resort town of Pattaya.
Deputy National Police Chief Gen. Chhay Sinarith confirmed the arrest of Toby James Nelhams, who was taken to Phnom Penh Municipal Court on Wednesday for questioning.
Nelhams was one of three men sought by Thai police in the Jan. 24 shooting death of Tony Kenway as they sat in their car. Kenway's widow described them as a web developer, but Thai media suggested they had connections with a gambling website, among other activities.
Thai police have said the other two suspects, a South African and a Briton, are believed to have fled to Cambodia.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
In this photo provided by the Harvey County Kansas Sheriff's Office, Ronnie Busick is pictured in a booking photo in Newton, Kansas. Craig County, Oklahoma District Attorney Matt Ballard has said Busick is charged with four counts of first-degree murder, two counts of kidnapping and one count of first-degree arson in the 1999 deaths of a couple in Welch, Okla., and the abduction of two teenage girls who remain missing. (Harvey County Kansas Sheriff's Office via AP)
In this photo provided by the Harvey County Kansas Sheriff's Office, Ronnie Busick is pictured in a booking photo in Newton, Kansas. Craig County, Oklahoma District Attorney Matt Ballard has said Busick is charged with four counts of first-degree murder, two counts of kidnapping and one count of first-degree arson in the 1999 deaths of a couple in Welch, Okla., and the abduction of two teenage girls who remain missing. (Harvey County Kansas Sheriff's Office via AP)
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Authorities say suspects in the 1999 shooting deaths of an Oklahoma couple and the abduction of their 16-year-old daughter and their friend "bragged" about photographing the girls while they were bound.
Sixty-six-year-old Ronnie Dean Busick was charged Monday with four counts of first-degree murder in the killing of Danny and Kathy Freeman of Craig County, and the disappearance of teenagers Lauria Bible and Ashley Freeman.
Oklahoma officials say two other suspects have died.
According to an affidavit, unnamed witnesses interviewed by investigators said the suspects abducted the girls, and that they had seen photos of them. Authorities believe the teenagers were eventually killed and might be buried in a pit in northeastern Oklahoma.
Lauria Bible's mother, Lorene Bible, says they believe "somebody knows where these girls are."
6 – Lars Lukas #Mai is the first player to be born in the year 2000 to make an appeareance for @FCBayernEN in the #Bundesliga – only 6 players were younger in their first game. Future. #H96FCB pic.twitter.com/soUmlzExin
[India], June 15 (ANI): In an anti-narcotic drive the customs department in Agartala destroyed large number of bottles of Bangladesh-bound smuggled cough syrup and huge quantities of marijuana, worth Rs 2.65 crores.
Krishna Kumar Patel, a disposal committee member said, "Most of these are cough syrup bottles - Phensedyl, Corex, Escuff and also marijuana that goes to other states, however, the cough syrups which have no use in the state goes to Bangladesh. We have seizures them during 2016 and 2017 and as per the court order we are destroying them today."
The officer added: "There is around 350 kg of marijuana and all total 2.5 lakh cough syrup bottles. The high level dispose committee has arrived here including the Chairman who came from Guwahati. The total worth of the consignment is around rupees two crore sixty five lakh."
Under tight security the bottles were brought in trucks to the dumping ground at Hapani, a bordering village on the outskirt of capital Agartala where land-roller and bull-dozers were used to destroy the bottles while the marijuana was burned down.
Though the cost of caught consignment is around Rs 2.65 crores; it increases up to four times after reaching Bangladesh where it is banned and used as a substitute for liquor.
The smuggling of narcotic mainly in the form of Phensedyl has been one of the main agenda in the Indo-Bangladesh talks at different levels.
The Bangladesh Rifles (BDR) has been alleging BSF of intentionally overlooking the smuggling of Phensedyl to Bangladesh where mainly the youths are consuming it as substitute to liquor.
However, BSF claims that it has been time and again catching Phensedyl smugglers and the fresh haul has proved it again. But due to the long porous border between the two nations it is not always possible to stop the smugglers, for whom Phensedyl is a very lucrative item.
Smuggling and infiltration along the 4,100 kilometers porous border with Bangladesh is rampant despite fencing at many places.(ANI)
Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas data show that FDI hit net inflows of $754 million in September this year, from $466 million recorded in the same month in 2016
Published 11:35 AM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Foreign direct investments (FDI) hit net flows in September, a result that leaves inflows very close to the same level a year ago.
Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) data released on Monday, December 11, showed that FDI hit net inflows of $754 million in September, 61.8% higher than the $466 million recorded in the same month in 2016.
Net equity capital investments during the month increased by 31.8% to $182 million, while gross placements of $194 million offset withdrawals of $12 million.
Foreign capital for the month came mostly from the United States, Singapore, the Netherlands, China, and Japan. The foreign equity capital placements were mainly invested in construction; professional, scientific and technical; manufacturing; real estate and accommodation; and food service.
Investments in debt instruments issued by local affiliates, consisting of intercompany loans, grew by 75.2% to $513 million from $293 million in September 2016, while reinvestment of earnings expanded by 68% to $59 million during the month.
On a year-to-date basis, FDI posted net inflows of $5.8 billion, lower by 0.2% compared to the $5.9 billion seen for the same January to September period last year.
Net equity capital recorded lower inflows of $1.1 billion from $1.6 billion in January to September 2016, and came mainly from the US, Singapore, Japan, the Netherlands, and Hong Kong.
The foreign capital placements were largely invested in manufacturing; real estate; wholesale and retail trade; financial and insurance; and construction activities.
In contrast, investments in debt instruments grew by 13.1% to $4.2 billion while reinvestment of earnings for the first 9 months of 2017 reached $604 million, up 10.4% from last year's level. –Rappler.com
FILE - In this Tuesday, Dec. 19, 2000 file photo, ex-deputy director general of Aeroflot airlines company Nikolai Glushkov leaves the Lefortovsky court escorted by police officers, after the judge refused to release them on bail, in Moscow. British police say on Friday, March 16, 2018 they are treating the death of London-based Russian business person Nikolai Glushkov as a homicide, after a post-mortem revealed they died from compression to the neck. Glushkov was an associate of Boris Berezovsky, a Russian oligarch and Kremlin critic who died under disputed circumstances in 2013. (Pavel Smertin/Kommersant Photo via AP, file)
FILE - In this Tuesday, Dec. 19, 2000 file photo, ex-deputy director general of Aeroflot airlines company Nikolai Glushkov leaves the Lefortovsky court escorted by police officers, after the judge refused to release them on bail, in Moscow. British police say on Friday, March 16, 2018 they are treating the death of London-based Russian business person Nikolai Glushkov as a homicide, after a post-mortem revealed they died from compression to the neck. Glushkov was an associate of Boris Berezovsky, a Russian oligarch and Kremlin critic who died under disputed circumstances in 2013. (Pavel Smertin/Kommersant Photo via AP, file)
LONDON (AP) - British police say no sign of forced entry has been found at the home where a London-based Russian business person died from a neck compression.
Metropolitan Police Commander Clarke Jarrett said Monday the forensic investigation into the death of business person Nikolai Glushkov is continuing in the New Malden neighborhood where they lived.
Glushkov, 68, was found dead at their southwest London home on March 12. They were an associate of Boris Berezovsky, a wealthy Kremlin critic who died under disputed circumstances in 2013.
The murder investigation is being headed by counterterrorism detectives because of the "associations Mr. Glushkov is believed to have had," police said.
Glushkov had worked for various Berezovsky enterprises including the car factory AvtoVAZ and flagship Russian airline Aeroflot.
They were arrested in 1999 and put on trial for embezzling $7 million from Aeroflot. In 2004, they were sentenced to three years and three months in prison, but released because of time served.
Last year, Glushkov appeared on a list published by the Russian Embassy in London of Russian citizens wanted for serious crimes whom the U.K. had refused to extradite. It said Russia had sought their extradition in 2015 "for committing a number of severe financial offences on the territory of Russia," but the British government refused.
Police have said they do not see a link between the Glushkov case and the recent poisoning of ex-spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia in the English city of Salisbury.
British police have contacted other Russian exiles in the last few days to discuss their safety in light of the recent attacks.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Arizona St. 95, Kansas 85<
Cleveland St. 89, Notre Dame (Ohio) 56<
Iowa 91, Southern U. 60<
N. Iowa 80, Dubuque 47<
Ohio 89, W. Kentucky 84<
SIU-Edwardsville 76, South Alabama 75<
South Dakota 75, E. Washington 73<
Wis.-Stout 84, Finlandia 57<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Coated Glass Market Report by Product Type (LOW-E Glass, Heat-Reflective ) by Application / End User (Automotive Glass, Construction Industry, Solar Battery Module, Electronics ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Coated Glass Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Coated Glass Coating Agent Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Coated Glass (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Coated Glass Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/coated-glass-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Coated Glass Market : Product Type
• LOW-E Glass
• Heat-Reflective
Coated Glass Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Automotive Glass
• Construction Industry
• Solar Battery Module
• Electronics `
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/coated-glass-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — Tuesday is Tax Day, that dreaded day when millions of procrastinators rush to fulfill their civic duty by filing state and federal tax returns.
But for most, it's not that bad. Sure, the forms are complicated and yes, there is math. But tax season also generates about $300 billion in refunds, a significant boost to the U.S. economy.
Five things to know about Tax Day:
___
Advertisement
MOST GET REFUNDS
The IRS so far has processed 101 million tax returns from individuals and about 80 percent have qualified for refunds. The average refund is $2,851, an increase of $53 over last year.
By the end of filing season, the IRS expects to process 150 million returns. That's after millions file for automatic six-month extensions.
___
CHANCES OF GETTING AUDITED ARE SLIM
The number of people audited by the IRS in 2016 dropped for the sixth straight year, to just over 1 million. That's less than 1 percent of filers.
The last time so few people were audited was 2004. Since then, the U.S. has added about 30 million people.
The IRS blames budget cuts as money for the agency shrank from $12.2 billion in 2010 to $11.2 billion last year.
But rich people beware. The higher your income, the more likely you are to be audited. Agents audited 5.8 percent of returns that reported more than $1 million in income.
___
RETURNS DOWN, REFUNDS DELAYED
Tax season got off to a slow start because the IRS delayed refunds for more than 40 million low-income families as part of the agency's efforts to fight identity theft.
The delays affected families claiming the earned income tax credit and the additional child tax credit. The tax breaks are geared to benefit the working poor, and many families claim both.
The tax filing season started Jan. 23. But a new law required the IRS to delay tax refunds for people claiming these credits until Feb. 15.
The delay was designed to give the agency more time to screen the returns for fraud. Throughout the tax filing season, the number of tax returns processed by the IRS has been lower than last year.
As of April 7, the IRS had received 104 million tax returns and processed 101 million. Both numbers are down about 3.5 percent from last year.
___
PEOPLE ILLEGALLY IN US PAY TAXES
There is a common myth that people in the U.S. illegally don't pay taxes. But data from both the IRS and the Social Security Administration says otherwise.
Yes, some work in the underground economy. But in 2015, the Social Security Administration estimated that immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally paid $100 billion in Social Security payroll taxes over the previous decade. They paid the taxes even though few will ever be able to collect benefits.
How does Social Security know when it receives taxes from immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally? One way is by tracking reported wages in which the Social Security number does not match the name the agency has on file.
Some of these are clerical errors or unreported name changes. But the agency estimates that a majority of the wages come from immigrants who have made-up Social Security numbers or used someone else's.
Also, the IRS has issued more than 20 million Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers (ITINs) to foreigners.
The ITINs are supposed to be used by foreigners who have some form of U.S. income, and therefore owe U.S. taxes. However, the tax agency believes that many of them are used by people who are working in the U.S. illegally.
___
TAX DAY ISN'T MUCH OF A DEADLINE IF YOU'RE DUE A REFUND
The IRS doesn't like to talk about it, but penalties for filing late federal tax returns apply only to people who owe money. The penalty is a percentage of what you owe. If you owe nothing, there is no penalty.
But it doesn't make much sense to file late if you are owed a refund. And beware — if you have unpaid taxes, the late fees add up quickly.
The failure-to-file penalty is generally 5 percent of your unpaid tax bill for every month, or part of a month, you are late. It kicks in on April 19. In general, the maximum penalty is 25 percent of your original tax bill.
There also is a penalty for failing to pay your tax bill, separate from the penalty for failing to file at all, but it's much smaller. That's because the IRS wants you to file a return even if you don't have enough money to pay your bill.
The failure-to-pay penalty is 0.5 percent of your unpaid taxes for every month, or part of a month, you don't pay.
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap
By
Michael Shannon “Smokey” Smith died Sunday
Funeral Friday 3 PM
Rominger Funeral Home (Manchester)
Visitation Noon
Burial in Sawyers-Byrd Cemetery
Visitation Thursday 6-9 PM
Lakes Funeral Home (Berea)
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Michael Shannon “Smokey” Smith age 37 of Berea, died Sunday Feb. 12, 2017 in Berea. Shannon was a 1999 graduate of Madison Southern High School and a mechanic at Madison Transmission. Michael was born in Manchester KY to Donald Ray and Vickie Lynn Smith France, they were preceded in death by their grandparents Dalton and Kathleen Smith, and grandparents Oakley and Magdalene France, their uncles James Smith, Stevie Smith, and nephew Stormy Dalton Smith.
Shannon is survived by their parents Donald Ray and Vickie Lynn France of Berea, their significant other Alita Tennant of Berea, their children Dalton and Shelby Smith of Berea, their sisters; Dixie Sizemore of Manchester, Ruby (Aaron) Rose of Berea, Kaitlyn France of Berea, their special aunt Janet Leigh (Glenn) Bishop of Manchester, their aunt Ruth Smith, their special nieces; Xandi France, Adrianna and Dixie Tennant, Kayla Hargis, Taelor Alexander, Larae Smith, Punkin and Chasity Sizemore, and nephews Logan and Koty Alexander, and their cousins Amanda (Robert) Bishop and Alexey, and Adam (Renee) Bishop. They also leaf behind a host of family and friends.
Funeral services will be Friday Feb. 17, 2017 at 3:00 pm at Rominger Funeral Home in Manchester, KY, with visitation starting at noon. Burial will take place in the Sawyers-Byrd Cemetery in Clay County. Visitation in Berea will be Thursday Feb. 16, 2017 from 6-9 pm at Lakes Funeral Home, Berea. Online condolences at
www.lakesfuneralhome.com
Two 20-year-old women from Sterling, Illinois were arrested by the Dawson County Sheriff's Office following a traffic stop around 8:30pm Saturday near the Darr interchange off Interstate 80. As the deputy approached the vehicle, they noticed two women in the front seat and an infant in the back seat. As soon as the deputy made contact with the women they notice an odor of Marijauana. According to court records and the Sheriff's Office, three large trash bags with several vacuum-sealed marijuana bags and other marijuana related items were seized for a total estimated weight of 16 pounds. The women, Kenzie Parvin and Summer Miller, were each arrested and booked into the Dawson County Jail. The infant was placed into protective custody with the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services.
Both women were arraigned in Dawson County Court Monday on charges of Possession of Marijuana with Intent to Distribute and Child Abuse. Their bonds set at 10% of $50,000 and preliminary hearings set for April 25, 2017 at 11:15am.
“Back in January 2018, Bang & Olufsen announced that Apple AirPlay 2, Apple's next generation wireless multi-room audio system, will be integrated into 10 Bang & Olufsen and B&O PLAY multiroom speakers,” Mark Sparrow reports for Forbes.
“Petros Belimpasakis, Director and Head of Sound Category and Platform in Bang & Olufsen said: ‘AirPlay 2 is a seamless way to enjoy music from your favourite Apple device and is a natural extension of how people live with music. We are proud to be among the first companies to bring forward the experience of multiroom control in your Apple device and to deliver on the promise that our multiroom speakers connect with all streaming technologies,'” Sparrow reports. “With AirPlay 2, Bang & Olufsen and B&O PLAY speakers also work alongside Apple's HomePod, so B&O users can use Siri to play music around the house.”
Sparrow reports, “AirPlay 2 will be available on both new and older Bang & Olufsen and B&O PLAY speakers as an over-the-air update during August and September 2018.”
Read more in the full article here.
One of the oldest and most fundamental questions in biochemistry is why the 20 amino acids that support life are all needed, when the original core of 13 would do – and quantum chemistry might have just provided us with the answer.
According to new research, it's the extra chemical reactivity of the newer seven amino acids that make them so vital to life, even though they don't add anything different in terms of their spatial structure.
Quantum chemistry is a way of taking some of the principles of quantum mechanics – describing particles according to probabilistic, wave-like properties – and applying them to the way atoms behave in chemical reactions.
The international team of scientists behind the new study used quantum chemistry techniques to compare amino acids found in space (and left here by meteorite fragments) with amino acids supporting life today on Earth.
"The transition from the dead chemistry out there in space to our own biochemistry here today was marked by an increase in softness and thus an enhanced reactivity of the building blocks," says one of the researchers, Bernd Moosmann from Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz in Germany.
It's the job of amino acids to form proteins, as instructed by our DNA. These acids were formed right after Earth itself came into being, about 4.54 billion years ago, and so represent one of the earliest building blocks of life.
However, why evolution decided that we needed 20 amino acids to handle this genetic encoding has never been clear, because the first 13 that developed should have been enough for the task.
The greater "softness" of the extra seven amino acids identified by the researchers means they are more readily reactive and more flexible in terms of chemical changes.
If you were representing the amino acids as circles, they could be drawn as multiple concentric circles representing differing energy levels, rather than one single circle of the same chemical hardness and energy level – kind of like in the photo below.
(Michael Plenikowski)
Having determined the hypothesis through quantum chemistry calculations, the scientists were able to back up their ideas with a series of biochemical experiments.
Along the way the team determined that the extra amino acids – particularly methionine, tryptophan, and selenocysteine – could well have evolved as a response to increasing levels of oxygen in the biosphere in the planet's youngest days.
Peering so far back in time is difficult, as the first organic compounds never left fossils behind for us to analyse, but this may have been part of the process that kicked off the formation of life on Earth.
As the very earliest living cells tried to deal with the extra oxidative stress, it was a case of survival of the fittest. The cells the best able to cope with that additional oxygen – through the protection of the new amino acids – were the ones that lived on and flourished.
"With this in view, we could characterise oxygen as the author adding the very final touch to the genetic code," says Moosmann.
The research has been published in PNAS.
With Perth's lot sizes reducing, many homeowners have less outside space to work with.
The way alfresco areas and the backyard are designed can have a big impact on the way a family uses its home. If done well, it can provide another living space in addition to the internal offerings.
Western Australia is a great location to make the most of these external options, as we are blessed with some of the best weather in the world.
From the regular sunny days to the balmy evenings, getting out and enjoying our gorgeous outdoors is a pastime many want to be able to experience at home.
To enable this, attention should be given to ensuring the outside spaces of the home are adequately designed.
Celebration Homes Marketing Consultant David Baker shares their thoughts on how to create an outside area that can be used throughout the year.
“Never underestimate the importance of your alfresco design – you will use it a lot more than you imagine,” they said. “Given Perth has such an amazing climate, our alfresco spaces are a hugely important consideration.”
As part of this consideration, Mr Baker said all of Celebration Homes' alfresco areas were completely covered, making entertaining in the winter months much easier.
“There are some easy additions you can make that will make a big difference to the overall effect, such as cafe blinds to enclose the area and keep the elements out, or an outdoor heater,” they said.
The way the alfresco combines with the rest of the outside areas and the inside spaces should be considered in the designing phase of the home.
Mr Baker said ensuring a seamless flow offered easy entertaining possibilities.
“The outdoor areas are a key design consideration – they are an extension of the indoor living spaces and are designed especially so the indoor and outdoor areas flow seamlessly,” they said.
There are some easy additions you can make that will make a big di•erence to the overall e•ect, such as cafe blinds to enclose the area and keep the elements out, or an outdoor heater.
Celebration Homes
Perth: 6365 5708
South West: 9792 0577
www.celebrationhomes.com.au.
WASHINGTON - To enable public transit agencies to engage in more rigorous and effective safety planning, their safety planning records should not be admissible as evidence in civil litigation, says a new report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. State highway agencies and commuter railroads have been granted such "evidentiary protections," and the committee that conducted the study and wrote the report found no compelling reason to advise Congress against current practice by treating transit agencies differently.
While the public transit industry in the U.S. has a generally strong safety record, several high profile incidents in recent years raised concerns over inadequate state and federal oversight and an absence of safety management systems and weak safety cultures within transit agencies. To address this issue, the 2012 Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21) ordered the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) to establish and enforce a new comprehensive framework to oversee the safety of the thousands of public transit systems receiving federal aid.
As part of their MAP-21 obligations, the FTA intended to require public transit systems to develop comprehensive safety plans, including risk management plans, reports, and other data. However, transit agencies expressed concern that this information, although collected with the objective of improving public safety, could be used against them as evidence, exposing them to significant financial liabilities. Given this liability risk, they might be less ambitious in their data collection and analysis efforts, thus undermining the safety promoting intent of MAP-21.
"Shielding certain safety planning and management records from use in court would help transit agencies critically analyze and improve the safety of their systems," said committee chair Michael Townes. "In turn, transit agencies should strengthen their public accountability by improving their transparency, making their records freely available to outside safety analysts and the public at large."
Although the committee saw no reason not to extend evidentiary protections to public transit agencies, it recommended that, with the goal of spurring high-quality safety planning and implementation in mind, the admissibility protections be narrowly construed to target the specific concern of liability. The planning records produced by transit agencies in response to the MAP-21 mandate should not be shielded from public disclosure generally, and indeed FTA should encourage such public disclosure.
To further promote transparency, the committee urged that there should be no changes made to reduce the availability of safety planning records under federal and state open records laws, and every effort should be made to ensure that safety plans and data, even when subject to evidentiary protections, be made freely available to the public.
Federal legislation should be enacted, ensuring that an admissibility bar applies to both plaintiffs and defendant transit agencies alike and is not allowed to be waived by transit agencies on a record-by-record or lawsuit-by-lawsuit, the report states. These checks will help ensure that transit agencies do not invoke the bar only in situations where their safety planning is deficient. The committee recommended that in cases where transit agencies want to use their planning records in court to defend themselves, they should be able to do so if their state passes legislation rescinding the bar for all lawsuits and for all transit agencies in the state.
Additionally, the committee believed it necessary for Congress to provide FTA and state safety oversight agencies with the mandate, resources, and sanctioning authority needed to ensure that the high-quality, data-driven safety planning and action programs that Congress envisioned under MAP-21 are carried out by transit agencies.
The report notes that while 6,800 public transit agencies receive federal funds, FTA should concentrate its initial implementation and oversight on the country's largest two dozen or so transit systems, which account for the majority of the country's ridership.
###
The study was sponsored by the U.S. Department of Transportation. The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine are private, nonprofit institutions that provide independent, objective analysis and advice to the nation to solve complex problems and inform public policy decisions related to science, technology, and medicine. The National Academies operate under an 1863 congressional charter to the National Academy of Sciences, signed by President Lincoln. For more information, visit http://national-academies. org . A committee roster follows.
Social Media:
Follow us on Twitter: @theNASEM
Follow us on Instagram: @theNASEM
Follow us on Facebook: @NationalAcademies
Resources: Download the report at https:/ / www. nap. edu/ catalog/ 25144/ admissibility-and-public-availability-of-transit-safety-planning-records
Contacts:
Joshua Blatt, Media Relations Associate
Jennifer Walsh, Director of Media Relations
Office of News and Public Information
202-334-2138; e-mail news@nas.edu
Newsroom
Copies of Admissibility and Public Availability of Transit Safety Planning Records are available from the National Academies Press on the Internet at http://www. nap. edu or by calling 202-334-3313 or 1-800-624-6242. Reporters may obtain a copy from the Office of News and Public Information (contacts listed above).
THE NATIONAL ACADEMIES OF SCIENCES, ENGINEERING, AND MEDICINE
Transportation Research Board
Consensus and Advisory Studies Division
Committee to Review Evidentiary Protection for Public Transportation Safety Program Information
Michael S. Townes (chair)
Former Senior Vice President and National Transit Market Sector Leader
HNTB Corp. (retired)
Hampton, Va.
Edward K. Cheng
Professor of Law
Vanderbilt Law School
Nashville, Tenn.
Thomas B. Deen*
Independent Consultant
Washington, D.C.
Julie S. Hile
Founder and President
Hile Group
Normal, Ill.
Gerald Kelley
Independent Consultant
Boston
John C. Milton
Director of Transportation System Safety, Quality, and Enterprise Risk and State Safety Engineer
Washington State Department of Transportation
Olympia
Alan B. Morrison
Lerner Family Associate Dean for Public Interest and Public Service Law
School of Law
George Washington University
Washington, D.C.
STAFF
Katherine Kortum
Study Director
* Member, National Academy of Engineering
NEW YORK — Days after the presidential pardon of Jack Johnson, Sylvester Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African-American heavyweight champion.
Stallone said Wednesday that their newly launched Balboa Productions will start with a film about Johnson. On Thursday, Stallone stood next to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office as they signed a rare posthumous pardon to Johnson, who served 10 months in prison in what Trump called "a racially-motivated injustice."
Trump has said Stallone was instrumental in bringing Johnson's story to their attention.
Stallone's production company said the film will be fast-tracked with Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures.
× Flag Day Paddle held at Beltzville State Park
LEHIGHTON — Beltzville State Park held its first ever Flag Day paddle Wednesday.
Many people were out at the park to enjoy the weather, including a group of kayakers. They wanted to celebrate Flag Day by taking park in a paddle led by Beltzville State Park Environmental Education Specialist Cynthia Kurtek. During the four mile trip, the Kurtek spoke to the kayakers about the importance of the American flag and what it means to the country
During the four-mile trip, Kurtek spoke to the kayakers about the importance of the American flag and what it means to the country
“What that flag represents, and the men and women who support (it) and fight for what that flag represents is also important,” Kurtek said.
Kurtek is a Navy veteran. They wanted to host the paddle for other veterans in the area and their families.
Brothers Kerry and Larry Meixell took the ride. They are not veterans but said the paddle gave them a chance to explore the park by water and show their patriotism.
“You have to see the park,” Kerry Meixell of Klecknersville said. “It is just another part of nature. It is so close to us and if you don't take advantage of it, shame on you. It is just beautiful. (Flag Day) is just another day to show you're proud to be an American. How can you not?”
Market Scenario:
Companies such as Schneider Electric (France), Siemens AG (Germany), ABB Group (Switzerland), General Electric (U.S.), EATON Corp. (U.S.), Larsen & Toubro Limited (India), Power System Engineering, Inc. (U.S.), Texas Instruments (U.S), Toshiba Corporation (Japan), are the leading providers of substation automation solutions in the global market. The growing demand for retrofitting of conventional substations and smart grid are some of the main driving factors of the Substation Automation Market growth. The smart grid helps in reliability and productivity of power systems. On 03rd April 2017, GE signed a contract to deliver four electricity substations to power infrastructure in Saudi Arabia. This contract includes substation automation to regional control centers via SCADA system.
The advanced smart substation automation system is boosting the demand of substation automation market because it is widely used in the applications of power systems. The implementation of conventional protection is vital for substation. The requirement of this system are used for protection and control of this automation. It monitors the equipment's condition. These systems are integrated with intelligent electronic devices that can protect and control the system and offer high performance remote functions of power system management.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1016
Regional Analysis
The global substation automation market is studied in the Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. In North America, the substation automation market is gaining high market growth due to the increasing popularity of advanced intelligent electronic device and communication technologies, which is propelling the substation automation market growth. Whereas, the European countries are emerging as substation automation markets due to the increasing demand for smart grids and are expected to grow at the highest CAGR over the review period. Asia Pacific countries such as China, Japan, and India are some of the leading regions in the globe in terms of market share.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players in the global substation automation market are Schneider Electric (France), Siemens AG (Germany), ABB Group (Switzerland), General Electric (U.S.), Tropos Network (U.S.), EATON Corp. (U.S.), Encore Networks (U.S.), Grid Net (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Cooper Industries (U.S.), Larsen & Toubro Limited (India), Power System Engineering, Inc. (U.S.), Texas Instruments (U.S.), Axiomtek Co. Ltd (Taiwan),Toshiba Corporation (Japan), Ametek (U.S.), SAE IT-systems GmbH & Co. KG (Germany), among others.
Global Substation Automation Market Segmentation
The global substation automation market is segmented into component, module, communication channel, industry, and region. The component is sub-segmented into recloser controller, capacitor bank controller, smart meter, load tap controller and others. The module is sub-segmented into SCADA, intelligent electronic device, communication network and others. The communication channel segment is sub-segmented into Ethernet, copper wire communication, power line communication, optical fiber communication and others. The industry is sub-segmented into utility, transportation, mining, steel, and others. The global market is spanned across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world.
The global substation automation market is expected to reach USD 51 Billion by the year 2023 at a CAGR of 6%.
Competitive Analysis
The global substation automation market appears to be extremely competitive. In order to target, segment, and position their sensors into the global market and to drive the market growth, the companies have to come up with advanced technological solutions to maintain themselves in the competitive landscape. Market leaders are investing in research and development for innovating their products continuously and increasingly seeking market expansion through various strategic mergers and acquisitions, innovation, and cost-effective product portfolio.
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/substation-automation-market-1016
Intended Audience
Associations, organizations, forums, and alliances
Cloud service providers
Customer experience solution providers
Government bodies and departments
Substation automation companies
Substation automation providers
Technical universities
System integrators
Managed Security Service Providers
Professional service providers
Research and development companies
Market research and consulting firms
Solution providers
Technology standards organizations
Technology investors
System Integrators
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 Global Substation Automation Market Segmentation
FIGURE 2 Forecast Methodology
FIGURE 3 Five Forces Analysis Of Global Substation Automation Market
FIGURE 4 Value Chain Of Global Substation Automation Market
FIGURE 5 Share Of Global Substation Automation Market In 2017, By Country (In %)
FIGURE 6 Global Substation Automation Market, 2017-2023,
FIGURE 7 Sub Segments Of Component
FIGURE 8 Global Substation Automation Market Size By Module , 2017
FIGURE 9 Share Of Global Substation Automation Market By Component , 2017 TO 2023
FIGURE 10 Global Substation Automation Market Size By Module , 2017
FIGURE 11 Share Of Global Substation Automation Market By Component , 2017 TO 2023
FIGURE 12 Global Substation Automation Market Size By Module, 2017 TO 2023
FIGURE 13 Global Substation Automation Market Size By Module, 2017 TO 2023
FIGURE 13 Share Of Global Substation Automation Market By Module, 2017 TO 2023
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
[Press release] For all the able-bodied persons who sit by and complain about the lack of job opportunities one farmer from Desruisseaux is defying all odds to eke out an existent for themselves and their family.
Meet Antonius Tixey, a dedicated father, husband and avid farmer.
Antonius, a resident of farming community in Blanchard, Desruisseaux, zealously attends to their farm daily and is the sole breadwinner in their family. What you did not know is that Antonius is completely blind.
“Well my profession is farming you can see that's what I like to do. That's what I used to do before, long time before I got blind. I am proud of taking farming into perspective right now,” they said.
Antonius had perfect vision for the first 30 years of their life; however 12 years ago they lost their vision rather quickly due to a condition called optic neuritis which occurs when the optic nerve become inflamed and can flare up suddenly from an infection or nerve disease.
“Well in the beginning it was horrible. I never believed somebody can live with blindness but with family and friends around you, your wife, your children, they give you the courage. I readjusted my life and make myself adjust to blindness now and admit it happened already and life has to go on.”
Antonius relies on their cutlass and their acute sense of touch to navigate their farm.
“You make yourself adjust to it. Like you know it's slippery, you know when it rains it's going to slide, so you have to adjust yourself for it. So you take your time you know. As you can see I clean like anybody else, I plant it myself, I clean it myself. I take care of it until it's ready to harvest. I harvest myself as well.”
What Antonius said next about made me question whether they truly could not see?
“Especially when you can see my dasheen growing so nice you know and I touch it and I see like the tree look massive, the yam popping up you know. The plantain shooting up, especially when I harvest for the weekend you know. Almost every weekend I give my cousin, Sista, she's a mother to everyone, they sell for me at the market. So especially when you harvest and you give them to sell something for you, they bring your money for you like you have a salary coming in every week you know. It's worth a lot.”
They also credit their success to the support they received from the St. Lucia Blind Welfare Association.
“Well Blind Welfare is very, very, very excellent. They have done an excellent job in my life, giving me the courage. Actually every time I used to need something for my garden they always assist me. As long I call they will assist me in my fertilizers, they will assist me in my seedlings, even my chemicals because I remember I used to plant corn before. Blind Welfare always there for me; that why I say we cannot afford to lose Blind Welfare. It's an institution that's always taking care of me all the time.”
They had encouraging words for other blind and visually impaired persons.
“God is love and in them there is no darkness at all. So you have spiritual eyes watching you so you should not be afraid to do thing. You're not supposed to stay in the house and sit down and think you will get lost. You have to go and pray to the most high and they will give you the strength and you will move on and you will continue doing your journey as long as you're determined to do it, they will give you're the strength to do it.”
The St. Lucia Blind Welfare Association also celebrates the achievement of Antonius Tixey the blind farmer from Blanchard Desruisseaux.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
DENVER – A federal jury in Denver on Monday found that Taylor Swift was assaulted and battered by former Denver DJ David Mueller when they groped them at a photo-shoot ahead of a June 2013 concert, and found that Andrea Swift and Frank Bell did not interfere with Mueller's employment.
The jury also awarded Swift the $1 they had sought in their counterclaim in the suit. Mueller was awarded nothing because the jury found against him.
Taylor hugged their mother and attorneys after the verdict read, and their mother, Andrea, wept. Courtroom reporters said Mueller did not even glance at their attorneys as the verdict was read.
The jury's decision came on the sixth day of the trial involving Swift, their mother and manager, and the former DJ, David Mueller.
The judge in the case, William J. Martinez, on Friday removed all claims made by Mueller against Swift themselves from the lawsuit, but one claim—that their mother and manager had influence Mueller's firing from KYGO—went forth to the jury.
Swift's counterclaim of assault and battery by Mueller also went to the jury.
Mueller originally sued Swift, alleging that they and their team falsely accused them of groping them at a photo shoot before a concert at Denver's Pepsi Center on June 2, 2013, which led to their wrongful firing by KYGO. They sought reimbursement for their firing, which they alleged was wrongfully done.
Swift filed a countercomplaint, alleging that Mueller touched their rear end inappropriately during the photo. They sought only $1 in damages for their counterclaim.
(Corrects amount of fines to C$1.1 million not C$1.1 billion)
TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ontario's financial regulator said on Friday it has revoked the license of mortgage brokerage Building Development and Mortgages Canada Inc (BDMC) and Vince Petrozza, a co-founder of a related firm, Fortress Real Developments, following an investigation into risky syndicated mortgage investments.
FSCO said BDMC, the lead broker for Fortress projects, and three mortgage brokers - FDS Broker Services Inc, FFM Capital Inc and FMP Mortgage Investments Inc - which marketed Fortress products as their primary or sole line of business - were fined a total of C$1.1 million.
In a special report published in November, Reuters revealed the Financial Services Commission of Ontario (FSCO) had been investigating brokers raising funds for projects associated with Fortress since 2011 but had failed to take action despite repeated warnings of the risky investments that broke provincial laws.
The regulator revoked the broker licenses of Petrozza and three other individuals, requiring them to stop all mortgage brokering businesses immediately.
Ildina Galati-Ferranti, principle broker of BDMC, surrendered their broker license and was required to cease all mortgage brokering activities. (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The U.S. Gulf Coast braced Friday for a fast-moving blast of wind, heavy rain and rising water as deadly Tropical Storm Nate threatened to reach hurricane strength before a weekend landfall.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami issued hurricane and storm surge warnings for southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi and Alabama coasts. A hurricane warning was also issued for metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain.
States of emergency were declared in all three states as Nate — which has already killed at least 21 people in Central America — became the latest in a succession of destructive storms this hurricane season.
Evacuation orders were issued for some coastal communities, including the Louisiana towns of Jean Lafitte and Grand Isle.
Shelly Jambon, owner of Sureway Supermarket in Grand Isle, said they plan on riding out the storm at their store even though it's across the street from the beach. They bought it two years before Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005 and has weathered far more threatening storms than Nate.
“It's a mild one for us,” they said. “Seventy to 80 mph winds? We get that in a winter storm.”
Forecasters said in a Friday night advisory that hurricane hunter planes found the storm growing stronger, with maximum sustained winds increasing to 65 mph (105 kph) as it passed Mexico's Yucatan peninsula.
Nate is forecast to dump 3 to 6 inches (7 to 15 centimeters) of rain on the region — with isolated totals of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters). That much rain led authorities to warn of flash flooding and mudslides. By Friday night, Nate was 90 miles (145 kilometers) northeast of Cozumel, Mexico, and moving north-northwest at a speed of 21 mph (33 kph). It was expected to strengthen as it moves over the Gulf and make landfall in the U.S. late Saturday or Sunday. A tropical storm watch extended across Alabama and northeast Georgia, including the Atlanta metro area.
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu ordered a curfew for the city from 7 p.m. Saturday to sometime Sunday morning after Nate has made landfall on the Gulf Coast. They aren't specific about when the curfew would end.
The state mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops. Some were headed to New Orleans, where summer storms already have exposed problems with the city's fragile pumping system.
“We don't anticipate that this is going to cause a devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps,” Gov. Jon Bel Edwards said Thursday.
The storm is expected to become a hurricane before making landfall late Saturday or early Sunday. Landrieu said forecasts are for New Orleans to get 2 to 4 inches (5 to 10 centimeters) of rain, which its pumps can handle.
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency in six southernmost counties. State officials, at a briefing Friday in Gulfport, warned that Nate's main danger in that state will be from up to 10 feet (3 meters) of storm surge in low-lying coastal areas, as well as from winds that could damage mobile homes.
“If you are in an area that has flooded, I would recommend you evacuate that area until the storm has ended and the water has receded for your own personal safety and for the safety of the first responders that will be responding in the event you are trapped,” Bryant said.
Dozens of offshore oil and gas platforms and drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico have been evacuated as Nate churns through warm waters.
The storm threatened to disrupt one of the Mississippi coast's biggest annual tourist events, the “Cruisin' the Coast” auto show. Biloxi firefighters warned more than 700 recreational vehicle campers that they may need to leave early. The event continued as normal Friday, but Saturday's events were canceled, replaced by a brief closing ceremony.
The northern Gulf Coast areas targeted by Nate largely have been spared the worst effects of a catastrophic hurricane season, but Louisiana's emergency declaration for Nate isn't its first since the start of summer. In August, a weakened Hurricane Harvey made landfall in Louisiana after dealing a devastating blow to Texas and then nudging back into the Gulf of Mexico. Edwards also issued an emergency declaration in August for storm-related flooding in New Orleans.
On Alabama's Dauphin Island, owners hauled boats out of the water ahead of the storm and tourists canceled beach reservations for the weekend. The major concern was that Nate's storm surge was projected to coincide with high tide.
Mississippi Emergency Management Agency Director Lee Smithson expressed confidence that the federal government would be able to provide help to Mississippi even as the Federal Emergency Management Agency continues to respond to previous hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
Bryant authorized the use of the Mississippi National Guard to respond to any damage. Officials said they would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, and that the regional bus system could transport people who can't drive to shelters on their own.
“This is a fast-moving storm,” Smithson said.
Ask the CIO - Feb. 2, 2018 https://federalnewsradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/Ask-the-CIO-02-02.mp3
The Commerce Department has been an early adopter of shared services and consolidating commodity IT functions.
So now the department is turning to the people side of the equation.
Rod Turk, the acting chief information officer at Commerce, said the agency is ensuring its technology workforce is prepared for this technology future.
“We didn't really reorganize in the strictest since. It's more of a realignment,” Turk said on Ask the CIO. “As we looked into the future, it became more evident that we needed more contracting officer representatives, people who know contracts, people who know the contractors and people who then can make sure all the terms and conditions and all those things in the contract are being served properly.”
Additionally, Turk said their staff will manage more projects, which like a contract, has a beginning and an end.
“We needed more people thinking about timelines, milestones, cost, schedule and performance that you talk about in a program, project management format so we are placing an emphasis with our employees on contract officer representatives and what we call Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FAC-P/PM) program for project and program management,” they said. “This is so we can better manage moving to the cloud, moving the contracts in such as way we get what we need when we move to the cloud and bringing to unity services so it makes it easier to move to the cloud so you get the shared service.”
Commerce is no different than many agencies who are rethinking the roles of the IT workforces. As the Trump administration pushes agencies to use more shared service, Commerce, for instance, has been heading in that direction for several years.
Commerce has spent the last two-plus years capturing the total cost of ownership for all of the back-office functions. It also has done a comparative analysis of public and private sector companies and detailed what it would cost for people, process and technology to improve these administrative services.
Turk said the continuous diagnostics and mitigation program, the Trusted Internet Connections (TIC) services from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the enterprise security operations center are three examples of ongoing shared services the agency is taking advantage of today.
But it's more than just shared services that are pushing these changes to workforce planning and hiring—it's the needs around cybersecurity, moving to the cloud and the growth around big data that are driving the requirement to relook at the federal workforce.
Turk said part of the change management for the realignment was a constant discussion about what the future Commerce IT workforce would look like. They said the CIO's office used blogs, all-hands meetings and meetings with functional areas to explain in detail why this change was necessary.
Advertisement
Turk said they told employees, “If you want to take those courses and become certified, we will give you the time and pay for the courses. It wasn't if I mandated it. It was more at the discretion of the employee given that this is the way we needed to move and I let them make the decision if it was viable to their career. I've seen a significant uptick just over the last couple of months of the people who've gotten their project/program management certifications and their contracting certifications.”
They said about 55 people have gotten their certifications over the past year.
“This realignment is not a moving from one state to an absolute different state. It's more of a linear process where over time we move toward a state of outsourcing, collaboration and strategic sourcing,” Turk said. “I do have individuals who are working on cybersecurity who are recovering developers. I have a lawyer working on cybersecurity. These individuals see where they want to take their career and it's worked out well for us because then those who get these certifications we can give additional responsibilities or change their responsibilities and it benefits everybody.”
Federal employees can take FAC P/PM courses through the Federal Acquisition Institute either in person or online.
Turk said he's taking this realignment even further by asking employees to create an individual development plan (IDP) so they can tell Commerce what they need in terms of training and skills so the agency can plan for those training requirements.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Rapper Meek Mill, just freed from prison, rings bell before start of Game 5 of Sixers-Heat series in Philadelphia .
Liège honours Tuesday's dead
30/5/18 – The people of the eastern city of Liège came together today to hold a minute's silence in honour of those killed during a suspected terrorist attack on Tuesday morning.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Liège honours Tuesday's dead
30/5/18 – The people of the eastern city of Liège came together today to hold a minute's silence in honour of those killed during a suspected terrorist attack on Tuesday morning.
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Latest on the Istanbul nightclub attack (all times local):
12:20 p.m.
Turkey's state news agency says 38 of the 39 victims of the New Year's attack on an Istanbul nightclub have been identified.
The Anadolu news agency, citing unidentified Turkish justice ministry officials, says 11 those killed by a gunman who escaped were Turkish nationals and one was a Turkish-Belgium dual citizen.
Advertisement
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three were from Lebanon and Iraq each; two nationals were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan each. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Sixty-nine people were also wounded. Anadolu says one victim remains unidentified.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to take the bodies of the deceased.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
___
12 p.m.
Turkey's state-run news agency says more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations, a day after a deadly attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations claimed by the group.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu Agency said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures.
Anadolu added that Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Turkey sent troops into neighboring northern Syria in August to clear a border area of IS militants and curb territorial advances by Syrian Kurdish forces.
___
11:45 a.m.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year's attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
___
10:10 a.m.
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
NEW YORK — An acclaimed poet and editor says they will correct any errors in their current book after a critic alleged they had improperly lifted material.
Jill Bialosky said in a statement Thursday that they had "inadvertently" used "fragments" from "common biographical sources" for their memoir "Poetry Will Save Your Life." On Wednesday, William Logan alleged in a post on the Tourniquet Review that Bialosky took passages from Wikipedia and other websites without crediting them. One example showed a close resemblance between a section in their book on the poet Robert Lowell and an excerpt from Lowell's Wikipedia page.
"William Logan has extracted a few ancillary and limited phrases from my 222-page memoir that inadvertently include fragments of prior common biographical sources and tropes after a multiyear writing process," Bialosky said in a statement released through their publisher, Atria Books. "This should not distract from the thesis of this book, which derives from my own life, my experiences and observations. I will, of course, correct any errors that are found for future editions of the book."
Atria itself issued a statement defending the book and saying any errors would be fixed.
Local kids got the chance to get rid of some old toys and make some extra cash on the side. Pittsburg Parks and Recreation Department hosted the popular Kids Garage Sale at the Lincoln Center. It cost families eight dollars to set up a table to sell from and the kids get to keep all the money they make. Nearly 200 people turned-out to find great deals on some second-hand toys and clothes which organizers say can be expensive to buy from retail stores.
According to Parks and Recreation Department "So let's say you go to Wal-Mart and you want to buy a onesy for your newborn child. And you're looking around a $14.99 to $15 price range. While over here at the kids garage sale most of those items are around 25 cents to $1. Depending on how nice they are."
Because of its popularity, the Parks and Recreation Department will now be holding three kids garage sales a year.
Jules Levaggi, psychiatric social worker who couldn't quite retire, dies at 90
Thousands of people felt better because of Jules Levaggi, a passionate psychiatric social worker who began their practice nearly seven decades ago and was still seeing patients in their San Francisco home until a month before they died at age 90.
“He never got tired of people,” said Suzanne, their wife of 60 years. “He liked their patients even if they were kind of driving them crazy.”
Levaggi died May 11 at home of complications from diabetes.
“He just loved people,” said their daughter, Francesca. “He'd come into a room and say, ‘Hello, beautiful,' and it didn't matter if they were socialities, hipsters or homeless. They were good.”
Levaggi was a native of San Francisco and a graduate of St. Ignatius High School. They received a bachelor's degree from the University of San Francisco and a master's degree from Columbia University. A U.S. Army veteran, they practiced briefly in Oklahoma before returning to San Francisco to practice with the Family Service Agency of San Francisco, with St. Mary's Hospital, with San Francisco Adult and Adolescent Services and in private practice.
Their patients said they were a good listener and full of positive energy. Their wife said they were “always able to suggest to a patient another path to try.”
They worked long hours and liked them. Typically, said their wife, Levaggi kissed their family goodbye at breakfast and returned home around 11 p.m. Six years ago, at the age of 84, Levaggi announced their retirement and then kept seeing patients.
“People just wanted to keep coming,” Francesca said.
When they aren't seeing patients, Levaggi was seeing auctioneers. They furnished their Pacific Heights home with antiques acquired over half a century of recreational auction attendance.
“He knew what to bid on,” their wife said. “It couldn't be too expensive. After all, we lived on a social worker's salary and sent five children to private school.”
The Levaggis enjoyed dancing to Cuban music and attending the symphony and opera. They traveled extensively, to Europe, Asia and Mexico. Jules Levaggi read every history book they could get their hands on.
 They are survived by their wife; and children, Jonathan of San Rafael, Christian of Mill Valley, Madeleine of Klamath Falls, Ore., Francesca of Vail, Colo., and Annaliese of Berkeley.
A funeral was held Tuesday at St. Dominic's Catholic Church in San Francisco.
Steve Rubenstein is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com
ROME (AP) — Pope Francis will pay homage to victims of war when they visit two important World War II sites south of Rome next month: the American military cemetery at Nettuno and the Ardeatine Caves, site of one of the worst massacres in German-occupied Italy.
The Vatican on Friday announced that Francis would celebrate Mass at the Nettuno cemetery for all war dead on Nov. 2, which the Catholic Church marks as All Soul's Day to honor the dead.
Later in the day, Francis will travel to the Ardeatine Caves on Rome's outskirts. There, in 1944, 335 people were shot to death as a reprisal for an attack by partisans that killed 33 Nazi soldiers on a street in Rome.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A suspicious device found at a justice precinct in outer Melbourne has been declared safe.
A suspicious device found at a justice precinct in outer Melbourne has been declared safe.
A suspicious "device" believed to be a jerry can with what appears to be a gas bottle attached, has been found near an outer Melbourne police station and courthouse but police have declared the area safe.
The Victoria Police Bomb Response Unit attended the street in Frankston on Tuesday morning, where the station and Magistrates Court is located.
A dirty brown paper bag seen resting up against the wall of the Frankston Law Courts, was believed to contain a red jerry can, attached to what appears to be a blue gas bottle.
Police cordoned off the area and sent in two robotic devices to remove any danger.
The police bomb response unit attended to do safety checks but by 10am the area was declared safe and reopened to the public.
With regards to the primary endpoint, in patients who received the combination of plitidepsin with dexamethasone, a 3.8 month progression free survival (PFS) was observed in comparison to 1.9 months with dexamethasone alone, according to the investigator´s assessment
With respect to overall survival, all patients obtained an overall survival that almost doubled the comparative with dexamethasone (11.6 months versus 6.4 months). In patients that experimented stable disease (65%), overall survival was 17 months
With reference to safety, PharmaMar presented a comparative table on adverse events in which plitidepsin was shown to be better tolerated than other drugs already used for multiple myeloma
Quality of Life evolution, this being evaluated according to a deterioration in the performance status, was better in patients treated with the combination of plitidepsin plus dexamethasone
A novel mechanism of action was also presented, demonstrating that plitidepsin is complimentary to actual treatments
Plitidepsin reduces the number of osteoclasts and inhibits its function. Osteoclasts are the cells responsible for bone destruction in multiple myeloma. This data, from a preclinical study, were also presented during ASH ((poster #3065)
Madrid, 11th December, 2017. PharmaMar (MSE: PHM) has presented positive results from the ADMYRE Phase III pivotal trial of plitidepsin in combination with dexamethasone versus dexamethasone alone in patients with relapsed or relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma. The data presented at the 59th American Society of Hematology annual Meeting & Exposition from December 9th to 12th in Atlanta, was already submitted to the EMA in the framework of the assessment process of the Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for plitidepsin.
The poster entitled "Randomized Phase III Study (ADMYRE) of plitidepsin in combination with dexamethasone vs. dexamethasone alone in patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma" presents the data obtained from the ADMYRE pivotal study that enrolled 255 patients, after at least three, but no more than six prior therapeutic regimens, from 83 medical centers across 19 countries (including the U.S, Europe and Asia-Pacific). On March 31st of 2016 , PharmaMar announced the study met its primary endpoint.
In the group of patients who received the combination of plitidepsin with dexamethasone (n=171), according to the investigator´s assessment, a 3.8 month progression free survival (PFS) was observed in comparison to 1.9 months on dexamethasone alone. According to the Independent Review Committee (IRC), the progression free survival was 2.6 months for the combination versus 1.7 months for the dexamethasone monotherapy arm. The study met its primary endpoint, this being the improvement of progression free survival. Plitidepsin showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of progression over the comparator.
With regards to overall survival (OS), a statistically significantly superior increase in the plitidepsin plus dexamethasone arm was observed according to the two-stage Latimer et al method. In the patients that received the combination with plitidepsin, the registered overall survival was 11.6 months against the 6.4 months of the comparator. According to the IRC, the objective response rate (partials + the best response) in the patients that received plitidepsin was 13.8%, with a median duration of response of 12 months. In the patients that responded to the treatment of plitidepsin with dexamethasone (12%), the registered median overall survival was of 37.8 months, and in those that reached stable disease (65%) the OS was 17 months.
Safety data
With regards to adverse effects, the hematological toxicity was low. The most common toxicities, hepatic and muscular, were transient and in a majority of cases were reversible and manageable when applying a dose adjustment.
One of the most common grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events (% of patients in Arm A/Arm B) was myalgia (5%/0%). The most common grade 3-4 hematological/non-hematological adverse events (% of patients in Arm A/Arm B) were: anemia (31%/35.4%), thrombocytopenia (22%/27.9%), neutropenia (16%/5.1%), CPK increase (20%/0%), ALT increase (14%/0%) and AST increase (9%/0%). Most of these events were transient and reversible. 15 patients (9%) discontinued treatment due to treatment-related adverse events in Arm A; 3 (6.5%) in Arm B.
During the presentation of the results at the ASH meeting, a comparative on the treatment related deaths of different compounds already approved for multiple myeloma: plitidepsin with dexamethasone, 0.6%; pomalidomide with dexamethasone, 4.6% ; panobinostat with bortezomib and dexamethasone, 7.8% ; daratumumab, 0% ; bortezomib, 1.3% ; and lenalidomide with dexamethasone, 2.8% .
In the ADMYRE study, the evolution of performance status was evaluated, this meaning that the time that patients took for their physical condition to deteriorate and that this affected their everyday life from the beginning of the study was calculated. The patients treated in the plitidepsin plus dexamethasone arm took double the time to performance status (PS) (4.6 months) in comparison to dexamethasone as a single agent (2.3 months).
Mechanism of action of plitidepsin
The target of plitidepsin is the eEF1A2 protein. The bonding of plitidepsin to this protein blocks its pro-oncogenic property and impedes the transportation of the misfolded proteins, which are toxic to the tumor, to the proteasome for their destruction. It also inhibits the activation of the aggresome by eEF1A2 and the destruction of the aggresome in the lysosome. This provokes an excess of misfolded proteins, this causing cell death through apoptosis. Other treatments are complementary to plitidepsin and they are going to block the proteasome or the cereblon that identifies the misfolded proteins.
In another in vitro study that PharmaMar has also presented at the ASH Congress, it is concluded that plitidepsin also has the capability of cancelling out the activity of the osteoclasts, the cells responsible for bone destruction, in a concentration of up to 100 times less to that which is considered necessary for the elimination of myeloma cells.
###
About plitidepsin
Plitidepsin is currently in clinical development for hematological cancers, including a Phase Ib trial in relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma as a triple combination of plitidepsin and bortezomib, and a Phase II in patients with multiple myeloma refractory to lenalidomida and bortezomib. Furthermore, a Phase II study in relapsed or refractory angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma. A Phase III trial in multiple myeloma relapsed or refractory has been completed. Plitidepsin has received orphan drug designation in the European Union and the United States of America.
About multiple myeloma
Multiple myeloma is a relatively uncommon type of blood cancer, which accounts for 10% of all hematological malignancies, this being caused by malignant plasma cells that very rapidly multiply . Normal plasma cells are white blood cells, which form part of the immune system, found in the bone marrow that produce the antibodies necessary for fighting infections . Abnormal cells produce a type of antibody that does not benefit the body and accumulate, thus preventing normal cells from functioning properly. In 2015, 26,850 new cases were diagnosed in the US, and about 11,200 people died from this disease .In Europe, the incidence is 4.5-6.0 out of 100 000 diagnosed per year .
About PharmaMar
Here are some of the top stories in healthcare, telemedicine, and mobile health that our sister site mHealthWatch has been monitoring this past week.
AdvancedMD Touts New Doctor Reputation Tool
MHW learned this morning that AdvancedMD — a pioneer in integrated provider and patient workflow for independent physician practices — has just launched AdvancedReputation.
NewYork-Presbyterian Named New York's Top Hospital By U.S. News & World Report
This morning, NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital — one of the largest and most comprehensive academic medical centers in the nation — is ranked New York's No. 1 hospital for the 17th consecutive year (and No. 8 in the United States).
Reliq Health Technologies Touts Go-Live with Paz Home Health
Reliq Health Technologies Inc. — a developer of mobile health and telemedicine solutions for the Community-Based Healthcare market — has just announced the go-live of its remote patient monitoring and telemedicine solution with Paz Home Health LLC in Texas.
eWellness, Total Release Physical Therapy Ink Integration and Marketing Agreement
MHW learned Wednesday that eWellness Healthcare Corporation — a provider of telehealth solutions for clinical practices — has forged a new partnership with Total Motion Release Seminars (TMR).
CEO Departs ATA After 24 Years
After nearly a quarter-century of service, the longtime Chief Executive Officer of the American Telemedicine Association, Jon Linkous, announced that they are stepping down.
Want to get the latest mHealthWatch news and insight delivered straight to your inbox every morning? If so, sign up for our free newsletter today.
Audrina Patridge and their estranged husband Corey Bohan have reached a living agreement in court.
The former 'Hills' star filed for divorce from the BMX professional last month and obtained a temporary restraining order against them amid allegations they were "emotionally abusive", and they have now agreed to move out of their marital home, which is owned by Audrina.
Although the court did not find that Corey was abusive, the restraining order has been reissued with modifications.
They had been living in the house and refusing to leave but they have now agreed to move out and Audrina - who will move back in with their 14-month-old daughter Kirra - will pay them $35,000 towards relocation costs.
A source told E! News: "Audrina is focusing on their child and really just wants this to be over with. She's happy to be back in their house and has worked hard to create a loving home there for Kirra. They like being in Orange County because she's surrounded and supported by their friends and family."
Corey, 35, has denied the alleged abuse, which the star claimed in court documents.
In the paperwork, they alleged their estranged husband was at home with their daughter one evening, and when they arrived home, they started calling them names, prompting them to head upstairs with their little girl.
However, they claim Corey followed them and then started to tell them how "f***ed up" they are. When they started recording it on video, they alleged they told them to "grow some balls and pull the trigger and file for divorce", before taking their phone and deleting the video.
And Audrina, 32, claimed they were left "shaking" by a separate incident. They alleged that Corey showed up to a beauty event - where Audrina was sat on the panel - and they demanded to know where their daughter was and they claim they told them that they were going to get them
Audrina had been staying with their family following their split.
By The Associated Press
ATLANTA (AP) — Thousands remain without electricity across the Deep South days after a winter snow storm snapped power lines across the region.
At least 24,900 homes and businesses in Georgia were still in the dark Monday according to Georgia Power and Georgia Electric Membership corporation. Metro Atlanta got several inches of snow Friday and Saturday, while some areas farther north saw up to a foot of snowfall.
Utilities in Mississippi reported at least 2,000 customers were still waiting for power to be restored. Alabama and Louisiana still had roughly 500 outages apiece Monday.
Several school systems closed Monday in Georgia because of a lingering threat of icy road conditions.
Advertisement
The unusually heavy December snow storm brought flurries to New Orleans and dumped several inches in Mississippi and Alabama.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Oregon State coach Scott Rueck had insulated themselves from much of the media coverage leading into the women's NCAA Tournament.
But struggling to sleep at 2 a.m. Sunday morning before Oregon State faced Tennessee in the second round, Rueck stumbled upon an ESPN preview article.
They noticed a nugget about the Lady Vols having never lost at home in the NCAA Tournament and thought, "How often in life do you have a chance to do something for the first time?"
After informing their team at shoot-around about their shot at history, the Beavers went out and added another chapter to their renaissance.
Senior Marie Gulich had 14 points and 12 rebounds to lead sixth-seeded Oregon State to its third straight regional semifinal appearance with a 66-59 win over third-seeded Tennessee at Thompson-Boling Arena.
"We had an opportunity to do something today that is really special and that is a first," Rueck said. "So when the clock was ticking down right at the very end and we knew we had it, I just could hardly believe how far this team has come."
Rueck can say the same for their program. The one-time Pac-12 Conference doormat has become a perennial contender with expectations to make deep tournament runs and share the stage with tradition-rich Tennessee.
The Lady Vols had been 57-0 at home in NCAA play with most of those victories coming under late Hall of Fame coach Pat Summitt, who led the team to eight national championships. It's the second straight season that Tennessee lost in the second round of the NCAAs and will miss the Sweet 16 in back-to-back seasons for the first time in the program's 37-year tournament history.
Tennessee (24-8) and OSU (25-7) played an intense game befitting of two teams separated by only one spot in the AP poll entering the tournament.
Tennessee's swarming pressure defense flustered OSU early, forcing turnovers and contested shots. The national leader in 3-point field goal percentage, OSU started 1 for 7 from behind the 3-point line in the first half.
The Lady Vols went on an 11-2 run in the first quarter, punctuated by a Jaime Nared 3-pointer, to take a 17-7 lead. But OSU switched to a zone defense in the second quarter that slowed UT's offense and began hitting shots on the other end to claw back.
The Beavers embarked on a 13-2 run to take their first lead on two free throws by Kat Tudor with 2:44 remaining in the half. Rennia Davis hit a deep 3-pointer to send Tennessee into halftime with a 26-24 advantage.
"I think it just made us stagnate," UT senior Mercedes Russell said of OSU's zone defense. "We were standing around on the perimeter a lot, not really passing and cutting and moving the defense, which we should have. We didn't really make them work defensively."
The teams battled through a physical third quarter, with OSU attacking the basket and drawing fouls to end the quarter on an 11-2 run for a 44-39 advantage.
OSU grabbed two offensive rebounds to keep a possession alive to start the final quarter, and Mikayla Pivec capitalized with a 3-pointer to set the tone.
The Beavers gradually built their lead to as large as 13 points. Tennessee made a desperate attempt to rally in the final minutes, but OSU managed to keep the Lady Vols at bay and beat Tennessee for the first time in five attempts.
After the final buzzer, the Beavers celebrated on the court as their small contingent of fans behind the bench cheered.
Senior Mercedes Russell finished with 21 points and 14 rebounds in the final game of their Tennessee career. Fellow senior Nared scored nine points on 3 of 14 shooting.
Having started the season as a young team in rebuilding mode, OSU has matured into another Sweet 16 squad ready to carry on the legacy.
"It's amazing to see this program grow. I've been a Beaver fan since I was a little girl, and once Scott got here it just got better and better," said McWilliams, a junior. "I am so happy to be able to play for this team and that we are making this Sweet 16 run again."
BIG PICTURE
Tennessee: Although second-round exits won't satisfy the Tennessee fan base, the future should be bright. The Lady Vols lose senior cornerstones Russell and Nared, but they started two freshmen (Davis and Evina Westbrook), had a first-year student named SEC Sixth Woman of the Year (Anastasia Hayes) and have signed the No. 3 recruiting class in the nation. The only other time the Lady Vols failed to reach the Sweet 16 was 2009.
Oregon State: The Beavers were not an average No. 6 seed, and proved it. The switch to a zone defense in the second quarter changed the game for the Beavers and contained a Tennessee team that thrives on uptempo offense.
TESTS KEEP COMING
Oregon State hasn't just been studying its NCAA opponents this weekend. The Beavers are scheduled to take finals next week before heading to Lexington. Pivec, a Bio-Health Science major with a 3.98 GPA, has finals in Health, Psychology 202, Physics and Organic Chemistry.
UP NEXT
OSU advances to the Sweet 16 to play No. 2 Baylor or No. 7 Michigan in Lexington, Kentucky.
A MAN has been taken to hospital after a car plunged into a Gold Coast canal overnight.
Emergency services were called to the scene at a canal near Pizzey Drive at Mermaid Waters about 11pm last night.
A 49-year-old man was taken to Robina Hospital with chest pains while a 35-year-old man was uninjured.
Police say nobody was in the vehicle when it plunged into the water.
Swift water teams winched the car to safety a short time later.
Police investigations are continuing.
– Barcelona, Spain
It's always a big ask to transfer all the virtues of larger, more expensive luxury vehicles to smaller, more affordable ones. The best example is the burgeoning luxury-small-crossover segment, where so many models disappoint because they just don't feel very luxurious, lacking the style, refinement, driving poise, or features of other models in their company's range. So the 2019 Volvo XC40 is hugely refreshing because it actually does feel just as nice as Volvo's XC60 and XC90.
Volvo describes the XC40 as a “cousin” to those models rather than a “sibling” because the new crossover is not simply a scaled-down version of the XC60 and XC90. The design brief was to build a “tough little robot,” a dorky but apt descriptor when you see the XC40's squat stance with the wheels pushed out to the far corners. The first car on Volvo's Compact Modular Architecture (CMA), the XC40 is a not-too-compact 174.2 inches long and 65.0 tall, with a healthy 8.3 inches of ground clearance.
A sharp clamshell hood starts off the taut design, while the body sides are devoid of modern cars' usual shoulder lines and instead are accented by a “light catcher” at the bottom of the doors. The beltline kicks up sharply at the back of the rear windows, and there's a big spoiler above the otherwise relatively spartan liftgate. Variants on Volvo's “Thor's Hammer” LED running lights and L-shaped LED taillights help identify the car from a distance in traffic.
The first car on Volvo's Compact Modular Architecture, the XC40 is a not-too-compact 174.2 inches long and 65.0 tall, with a healthy 8.3 inches of ground clearance.
White the optional white roof on base models or the gloss-black roof on R-Design trims, there's even more street presence. The only bum note is a small piece of plastic on the C-pillar; it's there to cover the paint transition between body and roof, but it produces annoying lines that you can't unsee once you notice them.
A little rubber Swedish flag sticking out from the hood shutline is a cute touch. It's only planned to be fitted to the first 5,000 XC40s sold globally, although Volvo is considering whether to expand that if it proves a hit with customers. The flag was first implemented on the Volvo 40.1 concept that very, very closely previewed this production model's look.
Volvo's interior designers have managed to balance practicality with fun inside the XC40. There are no speakers in the front doors, for instance, to provide more storage space, and carpeting covers the inner door trim (rather than just plastic) to prevent belongings from rattling. On the other end, you can option wild orange carpeting if your eyeballs are so brave.
It's a roomy vehicle; my six-foot-tall co-driver has leg- and headroom to spare in the back seats, and I would even be happy to sit in the middle-rear space for short rides. The R-Design models available for my test drive look and feel expensive throughout, with contrast-stitched leather seats, aluminum dashboard trim, and switches that move with a precise click-click action.
It's a roomy vehicle; my six-foot-tall co-driver has leg- and headroom to spare in the back seats, and I would even be happy to sit in the middle-rear space for short rides.
Most of the technologies and switchgear from the XC60 and XC90 trickle down to this model, meaning a full-color instrument cluster (it can show map directions or album art, for instance) and the super-simple Sensus touchscreen infotainment display. Climate controls and seat/steering wheel heating are handled on the touchscreen, so there are only a few physical buttons on the clean center stack; unlike in larger Volvo models, the engine start-stop button is on the dash by the steering wheel, not the center console. Sadly, this car also has Volvo's dorky electric shifter, which requires two nudges to move from Park to Drive, or from Reverse to Drive.
Ingenious storage solutions abound. There are slots to hold parking or access cards to the left of the driver's knee, a parking-stub holder on the windshield, a removable trash can in the center console, and a fold-out hook on the glove box door ideal for hanging a purse, small grocery bag, or your take-out order. The door pockets will hold a 15-inch laptop (my MacBook Pro fit easily), and an optional storage bin beneath the driver's seat is big enough for an iPad.
The center console was specifically designed to fit a Kleenex box, and the space ahead of the shifter, which optionally houses a wireless charging pad, is larger even for even the biggest of modern smartphones. The XC40 is the first Volvo with wireless phone charging, but in another sign of the times, it does not have an auxiliary audio jack or a CD player.
There are some neat tricks for the trunk, too, where an optional fold-up floor can be raised to create a barrier closer to the seatbacks to keep grocery bags from wandering; it also has three hooks when raised for hanging more bags. It's also possible to stow the parcel shelf upside-down underneath the trunk floor, which is far more convenient than having to stow it in the car or in your garage.
Most of the technologies and switchgear from the XC60 and XC90 trickle down to this model, meaning a full-color instrument cluster and the super-simple Sensus touchscreen infotainment display.
The cargo area is a roomy 20.7 cubic feet with the seats up. With them folded flat to the floor, that expands to 47.2 cubic feet. Volvo says there's almost five and a half feet of distance from the front seatbacks to the liftgate. Those cargo figures eclipse what you'll find in an Audi Q3 or Mercedes-Benz GLA250, but are slightly behind what BMW offers in the X1.
The launch model in the U.S. is called T5, Volvo-speak for a 2.0-liter turbo-four engine, eight-speed automatic, and all-wheel drive. It's a stout little powertrain, with 248 horsepower and 258 pound-feet delivered without fuss. Fleet on its feet when you put your foot down, the XC40 is also cool and collected in the city. You'll rarely notice the transmission shifting, and power delivery is supremely linear.
That said, there's a lot of noise and vibration when the engine kicks back on after a stop-start moment at a traffic light. And the turbo mill plays a grim monotone at all speeds, though fortunately that fades into the background when cruising with the transmission in its top gears.
Volvo officials warned that our test cars were the stiffest-riding models, with the R-Design's upgraded springs and dampers and optional 20-inch wheels. Maybe it's the sheer flawlessness of Spain's roads, but the warning was totally unwarranted. With MacPherson struts up front and a multilink arrangement in back, the ride-and-handling mix is mature. The XC40 smooths out roads and doesn't get unsettled over the few rough patches of pavement on our drive loop. The Momentum trim, on 18- or 19-inch wheels and its slightly gentler suspension tune, should be plenty plush – though I'll reserve full judgement, as always, until trying the car on pothole-strewn roads back home.
There's a wonderful smoothness to the steering action, as if all the linkages slide on butter. What you won't find is much steering feel, but that's the same for this car's rivals, too.
As in a lot of new Volvos, the electric power steering has spot-on feel through its motion: easy to whip from lock to lock when parking, no unexpected changes in effort on the move, and lots of on-center stability. There's a wonderful smoothness to the steering action, as if all the linkages slide on butter. What you won't find is much steering feel, but that's the same for this car's rivals, too.
In cut-and-thrust rush-hour traffic heading back to the hotel in Barcelona, I'm pleased to find the racy rear door styling doesn't hurt over-your-shoulder visibility as much as I expected. Though there is a healthy blind spot in the rear quarters, the rear window large enough that it is not a big deal. Plus, blind-spot warning and big mirrors mitigate worries in traffic.
Base prices are competitive with rival crossovers. The XC40 T5 Momentum, which Volvo predicts to be the volume model, starts at $35,200 before destination. Standard goodies include 18-inch wheels, a power liftgate, LED headlights, a four-year subscription to the Volvo On Call telematics service with smartphone-based remote start, the 9-inch Sensus touchscreen and 12-inch color instrument cluster, and Volvo's City Safety pre-collision braking system.
The T5 R-Design starts at $37,700 and adds on mostly style features: a black-contrast roof, 19-inch wheels, a sports suspension tune, LED fog lights, an R-Design leather-wrapped steering wheel, navigation, a kick-to-open liftgate, various upgraded interior trim, and dual-zone climate control. Unlike some competitors, adding all the nice luxury features discussed here won't necessarily break the bank. Options pricing is quite reasonable: The Vision package, which adds auto-dimming and power-folding mirrors, blind-spot warning with cross-traffic alert/braking, and self-parking with parking sensors, is just $1,100. The $995 Advanced package builds on top of that with a 360-degree camera, headlight washers, and adaptive LED headlights. The Premium package costs $1,400 on Momentum trims but only $900 on the R-Design, because it includes many parts from the R-Design spec, plus things like power-folding second-row seats, that clever foldable cargo floor, wireless phone charging, a storage bin beneath the driver's seat, heated windshield wiper blades, and Pilot Assist adaptive cruise control. Stand-alones include a $1,200 panoramic sunroof, $750 for heated front seats and steering wheel, and $1,000 for an adaptive suspension (which won't be available until late in 2018). All told, most shoppers could get a very nicely equipped XC40 for the mid-$40,000 range; my test car would have listed for $45,835 were it sold in the U.S.
This isn't a cheap car that's been dressed up with some leather bits. It's a car that was clearly designed from the start to be an upmarket experience.
Lease rates are set to start at $325 per month for 36 months with $3,000 down. And there's also the innovative Care By Volvo subscription plan, which costs $600 or $700 per month for 24 months and includes all insurance and maintenance costs. Read a more extensive explanation of the program here.
After the T5 launches, the XC40 will also be offered in a T4 trim level with front-wheel drive. It still has a 2.0-liter turbo engine, but with a smaller engine that delivers just 185 hp. That model will start at only $33,200 in Momentum trim and $35,700 for the R-Design, although Volvo has yet to confirm what equipment will be offered on each version.
However you purchase it and whatever you pay for it, you'll be extremely happy with the 2019 Volvo XC40. The car succeeds because it's good at a little bit of everything. There is no shortage of clever places to store lots of stuff inside, great maneuverability in urban driving, and a useful complement of technology. Better still, the XC40 doesn't skimp on any of the design, plush trim, or competent driving dynamics of its more expensive cousins. This isn't a cheap car that's been dressed up with some leather bits. It's a car that was clearly designed from the start to be an upmarket experience.
Photos: Volvo
By The Associated Press
New York AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Gardner lf 5 1 2 0 0 1 .264 Hicks cf 5 0 2 0 0 1 .314 Judge dh 5 1 1 0 0 0 .338 Holliday 1b 2 0 1 1 1 0 .275 Castro 2b 3 1 1 0 0 1 .323 Sanchez c 4 2 3 3 0 0 .282 Gregorius ss 4 0 1 0 0 1 .337 Headley 3b 4 0 2 1 0 1 .245 Refsnyder rf 4 0 1 0 0 0 .130 Totals 36 5 14 5 1 5
Los Angeles AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Maybin cf 5 1 2 0 0 0 .263 Calhoun rf 5 0 1 0 0 1 .236 Pujols dh 5 1 2 0 0 1 .236 Escobar 3b 4 0 1 0 0 0 .276 Valbuena 1b 2 1 1 1 1 0 .177 Simmons ss 3 2 1 2 1 0 .281 Young Jr. lf 3 1 2 1 0 0 .333 Espinosa 2b 4 1 1 2 0 2 .166 Graterol c 4 0 1 0 0 0 .256 Totals 35 7 12 6 2 4
New York 400 001 000—5 14 1 Los Angeles 122 000 20x—7 12 2
E_Sanchez (5), Escobar (9), Bridwell (1). LOB_New York 7, Los Angeles 8. 2B_Hicks (15), Valbuena (3). 3B_Refsnyder (1). HR_Sanchez (11), off Shoemaker; Espinosa (6), off Pineda; Simmons (7), off Herrera. RBIs_Holliday (45), Sanchez 3 (31), Headley (27), Valbuena (14), Simmons 2 (30), Young Jr. (10), Espinosa 2 (24). SB_Judge (6), Maybin (20), Young Jr. (6). SF_Holliday, Valbuena.
Runners left in scoring position_New York 3 (Hicks, Judge, Castro); Los Angeles 6 (Calhoun, Pujols, Simmons 2, Young Jr., Espinosa). RISP_New York 4 for 12; Los Angeles 2 for 10.
Runners moved up_Escobar, Valbuena, Maybin. LIDP_Refsnyder. GIDP_Castro.
Advertisement
DP_Los Angeles 2 (Escobar, Espinosa, Valbuena), (Espinosa).
New York IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Pineda 6 10 5 5 1 2 102 3.71 Herrera, L, 0-1 2 2 2 2 1 2 29 9.00 Los Angeles IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Shoemaker 3 6 4 4 1 2 58 4.52 Bridwell 3 2-3 7 1 0 0 1 56 2.79 Parker, W, 2-2 1 1-3 0 0 0 0 2 18 2.01 Hernandez, S, 1-2 1 1 0 0 0 0 13 2.57
Shoemaker pitched to 2 batters in the 4th.
Inherited runners-scored_Bridwell 2-0, Parker 2-0. HBP_Shoemaker (Castro), Herrera (Young Jr.). WP_Pineda.
Umpires_Home, Gerry Davis; First, Pat Hoberg; Second, Tony Randazzo; Third, Rob Drake.
T_3:23. A_43,851 (43,250).
Mumbai's leading digital media agency Brandniti+Design has partnered with Western India's leading publication group – DNA; for an Online Property Expo (http://www.dnaonlineproperty.com/) which will feature a host of residential projects from Mumbai, Thane & Navi Mumbai region The Expo started from the 15th day of the month of June, 2018.
Indian real estate industry is going through multiple reforms and a volatile time. As digital media takes the middle stage of media communication, like everything else, property transactions are also shifting gear and moving toward digital domain. In recent years, Online Expos are being popular among developers to generate quality leads. Online Expos are being increasingly used to showcase real estate projects across cities and locations. Virtual Expo presents a unique opportunity to the developers, as they can showcase multiple projects on a single platform without actually having to move a brick. At the same time, the buyers find it very convenient to browse through a large database of properties and can make a purchase with one click of their mouse. Another important benefit for the homebuyers is Online Expo gives buyers the chance to research on properties of their choice without having to move outside.
DNA Online Property Expo features projects by a number of top developers from Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. The participating developers have been categorized into three groups, namely Platinum, Gold and Silver. Indiabulls, Regency Group, Paradigm Realty, Rajesh LifeSpaces, Puraniks Builders are among the Platinum partners, whereas Omkar Realty, Sanghvi Realty come under the Gold category. Wellwisher, Prajapati Developer, Nisarg Group is a few developers who come under the Silver category.
The Expo organizer (DNA) is offering a host of offers for the audience, which include (a) Site visits in AC Comfort (b) Various entertainment opportunities (c) Expert consultation for new home interiors (d) A mega prize – Sedan Car for lucky winner/s.
Brandniti+Design is excited to bag this dynamic project, which had a tight timeline and multiple delivery points. Being associated as the development and digital partner, Brandniti+Design is involved throughout the lifecycle of the Expo. The agency has developed a highly interactive Expo portal (a web application) which features all the details of the Expo and can be accessed through all electronic devices including Mobile. Brandniti+Design is handling the comprehensive digital campaign for the organizer. The agency is involved in designing digital communication, content strategy and managing the SEM campaigns & Social Media.
For query and all relevant information about the Expo, you can contact the undersigned.
Ms. Smita Thorat
Founder CEO – Brandniti+Design
smita@brandniti.com
For more information on the expo log onto:
http://www.dnaonlineproperty.com/
The Sharks got their pre season off to a winning start against the Willagee Bears.
The Sharks got their pre season off to a winning start against the Willagee Bears. Picture: Supplied Rockingham Sharks
Rockingham Sharks opened their 2018 campaign with a solid 44-10 win over the Willagee Bears in their first pre-season hit-out of the year.
Both teams were missing players and both looked rusty as the penalty count climbed but coach Darren Shaw was philosophical in their after-match thoughts, saying the win was good, but there was “plenty of work to be done” before round 1 against Fremantle on April 7.
“We made a lot of mistakes and our completion rate was poor, but it is still pre-season,” Shaw said.
“We'll work on that and I know we will get much better.”
Club skipper Reece Potter was the only casualty of the day, suffering an Achilles injury that could see them out for the season.
Man of the match was Tevita Pomale, who returned to the club and scored an impressive hat-trick, closely followed by new half Jack Wray, who kicked six from eight and showed promising signs of being a dominant leader.
A swirling lofty kick on the last tackle from Wray was grabbed by Pomale for the opening try of the day after just three minutes and Wray then kicked the goal to make it six before Ezra Taomia's surging run set up the home side 10m out four minutes later.
Pomale added their second and the Sharks were looking comfortable.
When Taomia barged over minutes later, Wray added the extras and the home side were 16-0 to the good. But a poor line kick-out handed the Bears possession and a try out wide as both sides traded mistakes and sloppy penalties.
Wray's sublime pass to Jules Wilson-Wyllie extended the lead and the kick made it 22-6 at the break.
Lock Anthony Bowman put in a superb shift all day and their 25m run broke the Bears early in the second half to extend the lead.
Josh Neal then broke the crash-over before Pomale added a third with a storming 45m run after hooker Andrew Jefferies had cleverly picked up a loose Bears ball.
Wray kicked their fifth of the afternoon and the Sharks were cruising at 38-10.
A sublime 50m penalty kick from the young half put the Sharks within sniffing distance of the line with three minutes left and Carlo Trego barged over from 5m out.
The kick was good and the Sharks ended their day deserved winners.
Meanwhile, the reserves had a resounding 58-4 win over the Bears in their trial game.
The Sharks face Joondalup Giants in their final pre-season hit-out next Saturday at Franklin Offshore Sportsplex, with all three grades set to play.
Port Gregory was without power for four days until Sunday evening, leaving elderly residents unable to use medical equipment and ruining stocks of frozen food.
Resident Betty Sewers, 78, said power failed at 5.45pm last Thursday and had been restored briefly three times when we spoke to them on Monday morning.
Mrs Sawers said the community had no electricity from 5.45pm Thursday until 6.45pm Saturday, again from 9.15pm Saturday until 3pm Sunday, and again from 11.45pm Sunday until 9.30am Monday.
When we last spoke to Mrs Sawers at 11.30am on Monday it had just gone off again.
Mrs Sawers said they had lost about $500 worth of food from their freezers and their neighbour had been unable to use their CPAP machine to help them breathe at night.
They said they and their husband Barry had learned to expect power outages whenever it rained.
A Western Power spokesperson said recent storm fronts had stretched resources.
“Our emergency response teams patrolled the line looking for obvious damage or obstructions that could be responsible for the networks safety devices to ‘trip' but none were sighted,” they said.
“Crews were unable to return to the Port Gregory line to do a more detailed and lengthy inspection during the storm emergency because they were required to make safe other hazards like fallen powerlines.”
The spokesperson said any customer without power for 12 or more consecutive hours during this time was eligible for the Extended Outages Payment, capped at $80.
“This payment is not designed to compensate customers for lost food but to acknowledge the loss of power,” they said.
“Customers can make a claim if they believe Western Power was responsible through negligence for the original outage.”
The spokesperson said the Port Gregory network was susceptible to salt and dust building up on insulators and powerlines.
“We conduct an extensive scheduled maintenance program in the area that includes line and pole top washing as well as insulator siliconing programs,” they said.
“Port Gregory also sits at the end of a spur line that allows very little opportunity for backfeeding during a storm or emergency outages.”
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Jacksonville Jaguars defensive end Dante Fowler Jr. trudged off the practice field, their helmet in one hand, their jersey and shoulder pads in the other.
Beads of sweat covered their bare chest, making their huge “Dreamer” tattoo difficult to read.
They were exhausted, hungry and facing a full afternoon of meetings. They had their mom, dad and little brother in town to watch them practice against their hometown team (Tampa Bay) and a crowd of autograph-seekers chanting their name from outside a cast-iron fence. Fowler had plenty of reasons to hurry past the fans and into the air conditioning. Instead, they went out of their way Monday to make sure everyone waiting got what they wanted.
This was Fowler at their finest, a guy determined to alter their image and change their reputation. Known more for their off-field stumbles than their on-field sacks, Fowler even has a new goal for their personal and professional lives.
“From now on, when people say my name, I want them to talk about a soft-hearted, good guy,” they said. “A teddy bear off the field but a monster on the field. I don't need to be doing the monstrous stuff off the field.”
The 22-year-old Fowler was arrested July 18 in St. Petersburg and charged with simple battery and criminal mischief. They allegedly hit a 55-year-old man following an argument about Fowler's driving, knocking off the man's glasses and then stepping on them. Fowler then took the guy's grocery bag and threw it in a lake.
“I'm not even that type of guy,” Fowler said. “I'm not an (expletive). I'm not a bad guy. That was a bad decision that I made, and I learned from it. I really did learn from it. It's just something that I'm going to have to show you guys and really the community. I care about the community of Jacksonville. I care about the people that look up to me, and really the kids.
“When they Google my name, I want them to see me making plays. I don't want them to see my mug shot. I don't want them to see me on TMZ and bad articles and news reports because that's really not me. I'm a loving guy and I have a huge heart for people. I'm human at times and I made a mistake and I can admit to that, too. But at the end of the day, when I went through that, I realized really what type of person that I am as far as being a pro, being a role model. I don't want to disappoint people that look up to me the most.”
Fowler has the ability to be a dominant pass rusher, and it's been evident through three weeks of training camp.
They beat offensive tackles routinely, even making Buccaneers veteran Demar Dotson look silly in one-on-one drills Monday. The victory provided some redemption for Fowler, who was stonewalled by Dotson so much during last year's joint practices that they lost confidence.
“I really don't like to say it, but that week kind of showed me how it was going to be last year,” Fowler said. “I realized I was a raw pass rusher and that it's more than just athleticism. I have to use my hands; I had to get stronger with my bull rush. They were kind of better than me at the time. That's different now; I've been working really hard. I like how I feel physically and mentally.”
The Jaguars like what they've seen recently from the third overall pick in the 2015 NFL draft.
“I'm happy with their effort level,” coach Doug Marrone said. “I think they give good effort, and I think he's getting more quality snaps, meaning building on that, which is what you want to see from players. Now, the next thing we need is to just start getting the results, and they will come.”
Fowler had four sacks and 32 tackles last season, which was essentially their rookie year. They missed all of 2015 after tearing a knee ligament during their first minicamp. They worked their way back to be the opening day starter last fall, but ended up getting benched in favor of rookie Yannick Ngakoue.
Fowler had trouble off the field, too.
They were arrested in Miami Beach in March 2016 and charged with misdemeanor counts of assault against a police officer and resisting arrest without violence. The charges were dropped in December after they completed a pretrial intervention program for first-time offenders. That arrest came a little more than two weeks after a video surfaced showing Fowler refereeing a violent fight between their girlfriend and an ex-girlfriend.
They also have a long list of traffic violations, including four speeding tickets in Jacksonville over the past two years.
They insist their behavior and commitment have changed. They believe new veteran teammate Calais Campbell is helping them mature, and he's spending extensive time studying moves of All-Pro pass-rushers Khalil Mack and Von Miller. They have no plans to tone down their in-game antics — “I'm going to talk; that's just me” — but guarantees that their days of leading the league in “bone-headed penalties” are over.
The same goes for their arrests.
“Somebody can bash-mouth me or do this and do that,” they said. “But people that really look up to me, if I disappoint them, that disappoints me. I don't want to go through that again.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A letter from one teacher sums up the waste of years of planning and fundraising by students, and also the feeling of being brushed off when the school complained about events at the Vimy memorial. (The names of the teacher, school and school board were deleted.)
The school planned for 2 1/2 years to send a contingent of 100 students and supervisors. The students paid $3,500 each for the trip. They put in a year of weekly night classes, learned about individual soldiers who died, visited Passchendaele and other battlegrounds.
Teachers had prepared in incredible detail, outlining movements of each of the four Canadian divisions, the letter said.
“We were hoping to point out where the Canadians exploded from their lines as they made their way up the ridge, fighting in a sleet storm, under a rolling barrage against strong German defences. We wanted to point out the Pimple where the German resistance was deadly. We wanted to highlight the Douai Plain that became the objective of the Canadian assault.
“In the minimum, we were hoping to get just a visual of what the ridge would have looked like to Canadian soldiers. … We got none of this.”
The students, who had been promised a chance to walk up the ridge where the soldiers walked, were instead shunted onto a roadside for three hours.
“A whole year's worth of work was reduced to a roadside presentation in a farmer's field,” the letter said. Later, during the ceremony, they could see neither the stage nor the TV screen.
It got worse. When the teacher wrote to Veterans Affairs, someone at the department replied that the school's feedback “will be taken into consideration when planning future events.” The response seemed to have rubbed salt in a wound.
“That does absolutely zero for us,” the teacher replied. “You are telling us that we should be grateful that our poor experience that was largely the fault of Veterans Affairs will be useful for future events? What about us? What do we get outside of two and a half years of anticipation that led to a massive disappointment only made worse by this response? This was beyond a once-in-a-lifetime event. It will never happen again.”
The teacher suggested sending the students to another commemorative event in future.
YOKOHAMA, Japan — Akira Nishino made their debut as Japan coach on Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to Ghana.
In steady rain at Nissan Stadium, Thomas Partey gave Ghana a 1-0 lead in the ninth minute with free kick from the top of the area. Emmanuel Boateng doubled the advantage from the penalty spot in the 51st.
Nishino, who will name their World Cup squad on Thursday, brought in substitutes Shinji Kagawa and Shinji Ozaki in the second half when Japan created more chances but was unable to beat Ghana goalkeeper Richard Ofori.
"We had chances but couldn't capitalize so it's a disappointing result," Nishino said. "I'm still considering many factors before tomorrow's announcement."
After only two weeks working with their players, Nishino opted for experience with defenders Tomoaki Makino, Makoto Hasebe and Maya Yoshida in front of goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima.
Also in the starting 11 was veteran Keisuke Honda, who played at right forward alongside Takashi Usami and Yuya Osako. Honda nearly scored midway through the first half but their angled shot from close range was denied by Ofori.
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month, only two months before the World Cup opens, and replaced them with Nishino.
In two World Cup warm-up matches, Japan will face Switzerland on June 8 in Lugano, Switzerland, and Paraguay on June 12 in Innsbruck, Austria.
Japan will play in Group H at the World Cup with Colombia, Poland and Senegal in its sixth straight World Cup. It has only twice reached the knockout round, losing both times in the last 16.
By Jim Armstrong, The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK – It was a chaotic scene aboard a New York City subway train after a dog locked its jaws onto a rider's foot in a video that surfaced on Instagram Monday.
People on the train can be heard screaming in distress while the dog's owner struggles to control the animal.
“Get them off of me!” the subway rider yells.
When and where the video was recorded is still not clear.
Video of the incident was posted Monday morning on the popular Instagram feed @SubwayCreatures and quickly went viral.
A spokesperson for the MTA confirmed to WPIX that the agency is aware of the incident, calling it “disturbing” and “a clear violation of our rules.”
MTA rules say: “no person may bring any animal on or into any conveyance or facility unless enclosed in a container and carried in a manner which would not annoy other passengers.”
It's a rule some dog owners have been accused of taking advantage of, placing oversized dogs in duffle bags. Photos of massive dogs in tiny carriers commonly make the rounds on social media.
While details remain scarce, it's unclear what led to the incident.
The dog's owner can be heard in the video saying, “she attacked them first.”
“Ok – but just get the dog away from her,” another subway rider says.
According to the MTA, video of the incident has been flagged for the NYPD to investigate.
The agency is still trying to figure out when and where it took place, according to WPIX.
The rule of keeping animals in carriers does not apply to “service dogs” like law enforcement K9s and dogs assisting those with disabilities. Therapy dogs and emotional support dogs are not recognized as “service dogs” under the MTA's rules and regulations.​
40.712775 -74.005973
You could say that Micheal McWeeney was feeling the heat last Saturday - the heat of a blistering warm day and the heat of the white hot intensity of championship football.
With temperatures hitting 30 degrees, Micheal was less than impressed with the starting time for the game - “The 2.30 throw-in was questionable by the GAA. It was intense out there, I think out of all of the championship matches we played this year, New York was the coldest!”
Micheal also used the phrase ‘heat of the moment' to describe Conor McManus' challenge in the first half that many felt should have earned the Monaghan All-Star a red card but the St. Mary's Kiltoghert clubman was a bit more understanding.
“It was heat of the moment,” recalled Micheal, “I think it was more the fact that my ankle was strapped up, they caught me nicely with the studs but thankfully, it ran off. I thought I was in trouble for a while for the first two minutes but it shook off but I might feel it now when the adrenalin goes out of the system.”
The intensity of the game was an eye opener for Micheal who takes it as a challenge to be met in the years ahead - “I think it told there in the second half, at one stage in the second half, I turned around to Shane and both of us were seized up.
“We were trying to run the ball out of defence and that took its toll. They were able to find the pockets with good kick passing. You could see the pressure was on the boys kicking the ball - last week against Louth that pressure was off but you could see that from the opening minutes today, it was much more intense than the week before.
“Even to come out with the ball, we didn't have time to think about it. With 20 minutes gone, we were level with them and we had the chances, two goal chances and it shows those chances have to be taken.
“It is a learning curve for the boys, we stood up to them, we counter-attacked them, it was man on man. I know Quinner was sitting back but we broke upfield when we could, we didn't sit back, we didn't fear them and there is definitely something there to work on in the future.”
SEE THIS WEEK'S LEITRIM OBSERVER AND WWW.LEITRIMOBSERVER.IE FOR MORE FROM LEITRIM'S QUALIFIER GAME AGAINST MONAGHAN.
The former Manila mayor dies after suffering a heart attack. They were 81.
MANILA, Philippines – Former Manila City mayor Gemiliano "Mel" Lopez Jr died Sunday, January 1. They were 81.
Radyo Inquirer, quoting the former mayor's son, said that Lopez died after suffering a heart attack while confined at the St Lukes Medical Center in Quezon City.
Lopez's remains will be brought to Tondo, Manila, before being buried at Heritage Park in Taguig City on Thursday.
Lopez was first appointed Manila mayor by then President Corazon Aquino in 1986. They were later elected to the post and served as the city's chief executive until 1992.
Prior to their appointment as city mayor, Lopez was an assemblyman from 1984 to 1968. They were also a Manila city councilor in the 1960s and was active in the opposition against the Marcos regime.
Since 2010, Lopez has been the chairperson of the PNOC-Exploration Corp. They have also been chairperson of Pacific Concrete Products, Incorporated, which operates several quarry areas and concrete manufacturing plants in the Philippines. – Rappler.com
APSU basketball sophomore Jared Savage is transferring to Lipscomb University as announced by Lipscomb Head Coach Casey Alexander.
Savage spent two seasons on Dave Loos Court for the Govs. Savage has been a consistent name in the Govs' lineup, starting 28 games while averaging 31 minutes. They were effective from behind the arc with 57 3-pointers and a 35.8 percent efficiency on 3-point attempts. As a first-year student, Savage also served as a key figure in APSU's Ohio Valley Championship run in 2016.
Savage came to APSU as legacy, being the son of former Gov Jermaine Savage. Jermaine Savage was a key piece to former coach Dave Loos's 1996 NCAA Tournament team.
When Savage went with the Govs to the 2016 edition of OVC championship, they averaged 16.75 points through the tournament, including 21 points in an overtime classic with Belmont and leading the Govs with 24 points in the championship game. Savage buried 19 3-pointers for the Govs in the four day trip to Nashville, Tennessee, along with 22 rebounds.
Bishop Eustace pitcher Izzy Kelly zones out in the pitcher's circle.
Kelly goes through each opposing lineup one pitch at a time. Even when they pitched a five-inning, 15 strikeouts, perfect game in a 17-0 victory against Cherry Hill East, the senior had to be reminded of their performance by coach Macie McGeehan as they walked off the field.
“When I throw, I really don't think at all,” said Kelly, who will continue their softball career at James Madison University. “I don't really realize how many strikeouts I'm getting. I try to play as loose as I can, so I try not to overthink each pitch that I throw.”
Kelly has racked up 116 strikeouts through eight games, including a season-high 21 in a 10 inning, 4-3 loss against Eastern on April 3. Them 116 strikeouts are already more than half of the 144 they recorded last season.
With 427 career strikeouts, Kelly says they want to reach 500 before the season ends.
Kelly has helped lead Bishop Eustace to a 7-1 record, which ranks first in the South Jersey Group 2 Olympic-National standings.
“Izzy's been dominating everything,” sophomore catcher Maddie Grubb said. “Honestly, without her, I don't think that we have the record that we do.”
Grubb is on the receiving end of Kelly's “killer” screwball and curveball. The two didn't play with each other before this season, but Kelly said they quickly developed chemistry with Grubb.
The catcher calls the pitches for Kelly during the game. After warm-ups, Kelly and Grubb go over how they're going to attack the opponents' lineup.
McGeehan, a first-year coach, said they let Grubb call the pitches because they wanted the catcher and Kelly to have the freedom to control the flow of the game. After Kelly struck out eight of nine Haddonfield batters in Bishop Eustace's first scrimmage, McGeehan was sold on the duo working together.
“I trust them,” McGeehan said. “If they ever get in a jam, I'll call the pitches, but they've done a really good job. Izzy knows what works for batters, which helps.”
But Kelly didn't always know how to work batters with the location and movement of their pitches. They still remember when they first started pitching for the Mount Laurel Storm, a recreational softball team, at age 9.
“I definitely got lit up on the mound when I first started pitching,” Kelly said. “It did make me want to work that much harder. I was definitely determined.”
Kelly played with older players growing up. When they were 14 years old, they played for the Rock Gold 18U softball team in New Jersey. Kelly said because they played in an older league, their game matured faster compared to other players them age.
They worked every day in their backyard with their dad to perfect the release point and location of their screwball and curveball. Even on off days, Kelly is in their garage doing drill work to help them get more of a push off the mound.
“She's extremely focused from the second they step on the field,” McGeehan said. “She wants to win every single pitch. … Them pitching game is incredible.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
For the second straight week, the Washington Redskins looked uninspired and not prepared to play a football game.
Washington Redskins guard Tyler Catalina (68) reacts as they sit with teammates during the second half of an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Chargers, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Carson, Calif. (AP Photo/Denis Poroy)
WASHINGTON — For the second straight week, the Redskins looked uninspired and not prepared to play a football game.
After an ugly 30-13 loss in Los Angeles to the Chargers, they have officially been eliminated from playoff contention and have been outscored by a combined 41 points the last two weeks. The evaluation period can officially begin.
While they were all but eliminated after a loss last week in Dallas, the Redskins said all week that as long as there was at least a 1 percent chance, then they would play like there was.
That didn't happen on Sunday, as they were outgained 488-201 in total yards.
It looked at times like guys had quit.
After the game, defensive captain D.J. Swearinger said, “It's not surprising to me at all,” of the way they played because of “blah” practice last week.
That is not a good look for the coaching staff at all.
Head coach Jay Gruden even said after the game, “We haven't gotten better, offense, defense or special teams right now. I've regressed. I have not gotten this team ready to play. It's on me.”
Chargers quarterback Phillip Rivers threw for 319 yards and two touchdowns, and for the sixth time in eight games the Redskins defense has allowed 30 points. Some of that is injuries, some of it is just being bad.
“I'm at a loss for words, quite honestly,” Gruden said. “I never thought we'd get beat like these two weeks in a row.”
There was absolutely nothing positive to take from Sunday's game, and now the Redskins enter the final three weeks of the season with a lot of question marks. They have been down this road before in December when they had nothing to play for.
The questions about job security will begin with Jay Gruden and start trickling down.
Gruden signed a two-year extension this past off-season and has three years left on their deal, so they should be safe.
“Should be” doesn't guarantee anything, and if the Redskins perform like they have the last two weeks, then anything is possible.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Britain may have a new duke and duchess but honours go to WA's own royalty — of Sussex cattle production — the victorious Sandy and Narelle Lyon.
“We are proud of our cattle-breeding heritage,” Mr Lyon said after their family was announced the winners of the 2018 Harvey Beef Gate 2 Plate Challenge.
The Great Southern farming couple, who run Willyung Farms, were celebrated in front of 190 attendees at an awards ceremony held at Albany's Centennial Stadium last week.
Harvey Beef owners Andrew and Nicola Forrest, who have sponsored the challenge since its onset, view the competition as a win for consumers of WA's homegrown beef.
“The more responsive we are to our customers' needs, the greater the chance of long-term supply-chain success,” Mr Forrest said.
The prestigious challenge event was recognised as a semifinalist under the State Government's 2017 Regional Achievement and Community Awards.
In its fourth year, the challenge comprised 61 teams of cattle (two steers, one heifer) from 45 owner-bred producers, some with multiple entries, whose outcome in the specific grain-fed competition was weighed on point totals.
Mr Lyon, who runs the competition cattle in their Albany feedlot, said the challenge presented an opportunity to compare cattle on an equal level.
“After entering teams since its inception and as first time overall winners this year, we're very humbled and gracious for the generous prize but also pleased of how the competition brings industry together which sparks shared knowledge,” they said.
Mr Lyon's parents, Alister and Doreen Lyon, of Willyung Poll Sussex stud, Albany, took out the 2017 top challenge title with a team of pure Poll Sussex cattle, so the breed's back-to-back performance was highly noted.
“We output 2000 head of cattle annually through our feedlot with a quarter of those calves from our own Sussex cross breeding program, using Willyung blood genetics,” they said.
“Derived from British origins, Sussex cattle, which are a dominant breed in South Africa, are excellent to cross with Angus and larger-framed Charolais.”
The Lyons' winning team of Angus cross Sussex scored 224.868 points, just under one point ahead of the runner-up team consisting of pure Limousin cattle. “It was a very close battle at the top and we feel very fortunate,” Mr Lyon said.
Reflecting on their 17-year-old self, Mr Lyon said they had never looked back since returning to the family farm after their school years.
“I always realised the potential of my parents' dream to utilise the low maintenance and good temperament of Sussex to build a sustainable grain-fed supply chain,” they said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FORTY Forts, Pa. -- Inside their family's home in Forty Forts, David Roebuck sits just feet away from the television playing NHL 18. With their quick twitch thumbs, their Penguins would coast to an easy 4-1 win over the Flyers.
This isn't just some random hobby for Roebuck. As a member of the eSports team, SetToDestroyX, he's one of the top eSports players in the world. They discovered this rare talent back in high school.
"I played a guy and actually beat him," Roebuck recalls. "I was thinking 'He's pretty good. I should check them out.' They were number one in the world and from there, I thought, 'OK, maybe I could get up there too,' so I started a bit more and got into it more and more."
Their talents have continued to blossom. Roebuck finished first in a 1,000-player, single-elimination qualifier to advance to the United States Regionals last week. There, they placed second, punching their ticket to June's NHL World Gaming Championships in Las Vegas.
The grand prize for the winner in Sin City? $50,000.
"It's insane, but I'm trying to keep it as loose as I can, go in there and just know that regardless of how I do, I'm still walking out with some prize," Roebuck said.
"Once you start putting all that pressure on yourself, that's when you start getting tight and you just don't play as well," they added.
Roebuck's gamer tag is "jrpens91" influenced by their time playing with the Penguins youth hockey team growing up. They work at the team store at Toyota Sportsplex and grew up watching the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins.
"He's been elevated to that movie star status right now, especially with the college-age kids," Jason Jarecki, general manager at Toyota Sportsplex said. "They think it's pretty neat. Frankly, even for those of us who are a little older, it's a great opportunity for them and it's just a really cool thing. It's just a good story all around."
Roebuck will compete in the NHL World Gaming Championships on June 19 at Luxor Hotel and Casino.
The price of ether, the cryptocurrency of the Ethereum network, has fallen below $500 for the first time this year. The decline comes days after a senior official from the Securities and Exchange Commission acknowledged that the agency had "dozens" of open investigations into initial coin offerings. The price of ether has fallen 19 percent in the last 24 hours, from $580 to $470.
“We're doing obviously a lot in the crypto space, and we're seeing a lot in the crypto space,” said Stephanie Avakian, co-director of the SEC's Enforcement Division, at a conference on Thursday. “We are very active, and I would just expect to see more and more."
The SEC's decision to aggressively police cryptocurrency offerings is particularly significant for the Ethereum community because many new cryptocurrency offerings are built on top of the Ethereum platform. People creating a new token on the Ethereum blockchain need to buy ether, the currency used to pay for Ethereum transactions. So if aggressive SEC enforcement ends the Initial Coin Offering (ICO) boom—which seems to be cooling anyway—it would remove a major factor that pushed ether's value upward during 2017.
Ether has seen the biggest losses of any major cryptocurrency over the last 24 hours, but other coins took losses as well. Bitcoin has dropped 6 percent in the last 24 hours, falling below $7,500 for the first time since early February. Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Monero, and Dash are all down around 10 percent.
Ethereum's falling price has created an atmosphere of gloom on /r/ethtrader, the subreddit for ethereum speculation.
"'Buy the dip' only works in bullish markets," one Redditor wrote. "This is not a 'dip' - It's a prolonged bearish trend which has seen prices (and volume) get lower by the week."
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The Top 20 Elements That Add Credibility to Your Website
By Neil Patel
Before you start trying to drive traffic to your website , you need to master one factor.
I'm talking about credibility.
Without a credible website, you'll struggle to get more customers and increase conversions.
Plus, credibility shows you're trustworthy.
If you're offering something without a trusted name or brand behind it, people will be hesitant to buy what you're selling.
Why?
Well, with so many other options available on the market, it's too easy for people to find what they're looking for somewhere else.
This goes for ecommerce store, blogs, or any business that has a website.
If a visitor sees a red flag on your website, they will leave.
It's that simple.
Some of you may not even realize you have components on your site that drive people away.
That's why I came up with this list of the top 20 ways to add credibility to your website.
Even if you don't necessarily have elements driving people away, you can always add more components to improve your credibility.
Having a trustworthy website will also improve your search ranking in Google's algorithm:
Being credible will drive more traffic to your site as well.
This doesn't just go for websites that sell a product or service.
If you have an informational site, credibility will make it easier for other websites to cite statistics, images, infographics, and other data off your website when they conduct research on the subject you cover.
This will also help drive more traffic to your site.
No matter what type of site you operate, here are some easy ways for you to improve its credibility.
1. Limit advertisements
While advertisements may be a nice form of income for you, they aren't popular with your visitors.
How much do you rely on ads to make a profit?
If it's just a small percentage, I recommend getting rid of them altogether.
If you're an ecommerce site or have a website that makes money from other revenue streams, ads aren't always necessary.
But say you run a blog and ads are your primary income. In that case, you'll need to keep them as limited as possible.
Take a look at the types of ads people dislike the most:
Take these numbers into consideration.
Avoid popup ads, and use minimal banner ads.
Although 43% of customers still dislike banners, it's not as high of a number compared to some other options.
2. Customer service that's easily accessible
If someone visiting your site has a question or problem, they shouldn't have to hunt for customer service options.
This should be readily available.
When customer service is unreachable, it makes the visitor feel uneasy.
Especially if it's during normal business hours.
Note how Apple Support gives customers a variety of ways to reach customer service:
They even have a recommended option.
People love to have choices.
Not everyone wants to pick up the phone.
It's great when companies have customer service available via online chat.
If you can swing it, give it a try.
3. All your contact information
This should go without saying, but you'd be surprised how often I can't find contact information on websites.
When I see that, I think it's sketchy.
What are they trying to hide by withholding their phone number?
Make sure your site has:
physical address
email address
phone number
links to social pages (Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn)
Failure to do so will make your page appear untrustworthy.
4. Reviews and testimonials
Showcasing customer testimonials on your website helps generate social proof .
This is especially true if you can get a testimonial from an expert in your industry.
You should also have a place on your site where customers can leave reviews.
While good reviews are obviously what you're looking for, some unfavorable comments may actually boost your credibility as well.
If all customer feedback on your website is positive, it may appear fake.
Even if some people didn't have the best experience with your business, allowing them to leave a review for others to read will establish trust.
It also helps prove you're an actual business and not a scam.
Interact with the customers who left a review on your site.
This will help build credibility as well.
5. Security badges
What kind of security measures are you taking to protect users who visit your website?
Showcase those badges on each page.
Studies show that people trust the Norton AntiVirus seal the most compared to other badges.
If you use Norton, proudly display that badge on your site.
If you're looking for services to improve your site security, Norton may not be a bad place to start based on this information.
6. Validation from other media sources
Have you been featured in a magazine, newspaper, or on a website?
Any positive press about your company should be proudly displayed on your site.
If established media sources have verified your business, it will increase your legitimacy in the eyes of anyone who visits your website.
Find a good spot on your page to add any videos, screenshots, or links to all those stories.
7. Awards
Your website is a great place to show off any awards or achievements.
Whether it's local, regional, or national, anything helps.
Even if you won an award a couple of years ago, put it up on your website.
Showcasing awards from the past shows you've been credible for a while.
It establishes your company's history over time.
Companies that have been in business for longer periods tend to be well established and appear more credible than those that just started.
If you've been operating since 1950, don't be afraid to plaster that fact on your website.
8. Social proof
We just talked about how customer reviews and testimonials can help establish social proof, but you can take this one step further to add even more credibility to your site.
Do you have any partnerships or relationships with celebrities?
Use that to your advantage.
Look at how IcyHot does this on their website:
The picture of Shaquille O'Neal is the first thing you see when you visit their page.
Knowing such a prominent figure stands behind the brand helps reassure visitors the product is legitimate.
This added comfort builds trust between the brand and the consumer.
9. Guest posts
Guest posts are one of my favorite ways to build credibility.
There are two ways to do this, and you should take advantage of both:
let guests blog on your website;
write posts for other websites.
Here's why both can lead to success.
By allowing other people to write on your website, you show visitors that someone else is willing to associate their name with your brand.
This is especially true if that person is an authority figure or person of importance within a particular industry.
But you should also try to get featured on other blogs as much as possible.
It will give you a chance to get your name exposed to a wider audience.
Since an established person or brand is letting you write on their page, it automatically tells their readers you are a credible person.
You can include a link to your website, which will drive more traffic from people who already trust you.
Both of these strategies, especially combined, can drastically improve your business.
10. A design that's simple and professional
Keep your website simple.
Don't go overboard with flashing lights or other bells and whistles.
It needs to be clean.
Take a look at the top factor that influenced credibility based on visitor comments:
Over 2,600 responses were factored into these results.
The design look had the biggest impact.
11. Typography and grammar
In addition to the design, you should also consider your typography.
Don't choose a font that's difficult to read.
Use a large font and short sentences whenever you're writing.
Make sure you proofread everything too.
Grammar mistakes and spelling errors are a great way to show customers you don't care enough to check your work.
That will put you on the fast track toward losing credibility.
This can easily be avoided if you take the time and effort to make sure your writing is grammatically sound.
12. Ease of navigation
Customers shouldn't struggle to find what they're looking for on your website.
The menu options should be limited so it's not too overwhelming.
Adding a search bar so your readers can look for something specific is a great way to improve your navigation as well.
All of these helps enhance the user experience, which helps with your credibility score.
13. No glitches or technical errors
You also need to make sure your website doesn't have any bugs or glitches.
If a customer clicks a certain link, it should bring them to the right page.
Any error messages will hurt your credibility.
To prevent these problems, you need to do regular maintenance on your site.
14. Page loading speed
Let's take our last point one step further.
In addition to not having any errors, your website should load fast.
It not only affects your credibility but also helps with your conversion rates .
The faster your page loads, the higher your conversion rates will be.
It's that simple.
Don't try to find the cheapest web hosting service on the market. You get what you pay for.
It's worth it to pay a little extra to avoid technical glitches and always have fast loading times.
15. Photos and biographies of your staff
Adding a page that introduces your staff to your visitors will help establish trust.
It shows you're not some nameless and faceless brand—real people work for your company.
This simple page will make it easier for customers to relate to your business.
16. Clearly state all policies
Don't assume website visitors know your company policies.
All of these should be clearly stated on your website.
This will help you from a legal perspective as well in case there is a dispute.
Make sure things such as your return policy or money-back guarantee are outlined in detail.
If you're an ecommerce business, consumers may be hesitant to shop if they don't think you stand behind your product.
17. Back up all your data
Any time you're referring to statistical information, studies, or other data, don't forget to cite your sources.
It's easy.
Just say something like, “According to research conducted at the University of XYZ…”, and include a hyperlink to the original source of information.
This will show people visiting your site you're not pulling numbers out of thin air.
If you read my blogs regularly, you know by now I always hyperlink data claims to their sources.
18. Be upfront about your prices
Don't try to sneak hidden fees past your customers.
It's shady.
Let's look at the top reasons for shopping cart abandonment:
Don't wait until the last minute to tell customers you're charging them tax, shipping, or other fees.
You should have all your prices clearly listed on the website.
Adding extra costs in the shopping cart could make the customer think you're trying to sneak one by them.
It's just not good business practice.
You also shouldn't say things like “Contact us for pricing.”
Why wouldn't you just list your prices?
What are you trying to hide?
Those are questions that will go through the customer's mind if you do that.
19. Make sure everything is up to date
Companies make changes over time.
That's understandable.
You may move, get a new phone number, and hire a new manager.
None of this is unreasonable.
But failure to update these changes on your website is a big problem.
If customers are trying to call you and they are getting a phone number that's out of service, that's an issue.
Or if they try to mail you something and it gets returned back to the sender, that's a problem.
I'm referring to physical mail as well as a bounced email.
This can damage your reputation.
Earlier I mentioned that it's a great idea to add employee photos and bios to your page.
But you need to keep those up to date as well.
Let's say your company's Vice President has their photograph on your home page. Underneath the picture, it says, “Call today and ask for me directly.”
Imagine someone calls only to find out this person no longer works there.
How does that make you look?
It hurts your credibility.
The customer may think that person never worked for you.
It's just not a good situation for anyone involved.
20. Secure the checkout process
Refer back to that graph we just looked at regarding shopping cart abandonment.
Note 18% of those respondents said they didn't trust the website with their credit card information.
In addition to adding security badges to your page, you have to make sure your checkout procedure is secure.
Look at this example from Dick's Sporting Goods:
The secure link will make their customers feel comfortable about entering their personal information, including a credit card number.
Conclusion
Having a credible website is essential for every business.
If your site looks sketchy or untrustworthy, it can drastically impact your traffic and conversions.
Making minor adjustments to your page can really improve the way it's viewed through the eyes of a visitor.
The tips I gave you on this list are really easy to implement.
First, remove anything from your site that appears untrustworthy.
Next, add certain elements that improve the overall credibility.
It won't take much time at all.
Trust me, you'll notice a big difference right away.
What type of feedback have your website visitors given you about the user experience and navigation on your pages?
Source:: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Quicksprout/~3/cGStwkpzdtk/
LGBT RIGHTS-HEALTH LAWSUIT
Federal judge halts federal transgender health protections
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — A federal judge in Texas has blocked another Obama administration effort to strengthen transgender rights, this time over health rules that conservatives say could force doctors to violate their religious beliefs.
The latest injunction signed by U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor comes four months after they blocked a federal directive that required public schools to let transgender students use bathrooms consistent with their gender identity.
Advertisement
The U.S. Health and Human Services regulations that were to take effect New Year's Day advised that transgender discrimination by doctors, hospitals and insurers violated the Affordable Care Act.
But a coalition of religious medical organizations said the rules could force doctors to help with gender transition contrary to their religious beliefs or medical judgment. O'Connor agreed, saying the rules place “substantial pressure on Plaintiffs to perform and cover transition and abortion procedures.”
Sound:
069-c-21-(Shirley Smith, AP correspondent)-“experience and expertise”-AP correspondent Shirley Smith reports that U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor granted a temporary injunction that keeps federal health officials from enforcing rules intended to ban discrimination by doctors and hospitals against transgender persons. (1 Jan 2017)
<
Share. But Mew remains elusive. But Mew remains elusive.
Pokémon Go players are one step closer to catching 'em all, with legendary of legendaries, Mewtwo on its way.
Developer Niantic's official site has confirmed that the genetically-modified Pokémon will be available in the coming months in new 'Exclusive Raids'.
Exclusive Raids are, according to the Pokémon Go team, similar to existing raid battles - the major difference being that Trainers have to be invited to join an Exclusive Raid. To earn yourself an invitation, you need to have already defeated a Raid Boss at a Gym where the Exclusive Raid is due to take place. The invitation will include details of when the Exclusive Raid will take place, allowing teams to prepare ahead of time.
In addition to Mewtwo, Trainers are promised that other 'powerful Pokémon' will be hatching from the Eggs found at Exclusive Raid battles in the coming weeks, making them a sure draw for players who are still intent on completing their collection.
And as one final bonus, there'll be another chance to catch Articuno, Zapdos, Moltres and Lugia - all four Legendary Birds will be available at Raid Battles from now until August 31.
Mewtwo appeared first earlier today at Yokohama's Pokémon Go Stadium event.
Each attendee was given a specific time slot - possibly in response to the chaotic Pokémon Go Fest held earlier this year in Chicago - and upon arrival found themselves in a raid battle against the legendary Pokémon. Victory in the raid earned successful Trainers 52 Premier Balls with which to capture the long-awaited monster.
Matt Davidson is a freelance writer for IGN who is writing this while keeping one eye on the nearest Gym. Follow them on Twitter.
The next nor'easter: What you need to know
The next nor'easter: What you need to know Mar 18
Cassie Owens is a member of the Modern Life team, reporting on culture and trends.  They are a Philadelphia native who previously reported for Billy Penn and served as assistant editor at Next City.
A South by Southwest event coproduced by and featuring Philadelphia's The Roots was canceled Saturday due to a reported bomb threat.
Police in Austin, Texas, arrested a 26-year old man, Trevor Weldon Ingram, on a charge of making terroristic threats Saturday night, according to a city statement released through Twitter. The statement said that Ingram allegedly emailed the threat, which Live Nation Music reported to police Saturday afternoon.
Statement regarding the Bud Light Fair Market event attached. pic.twitter.com/LWsd8sgaYT — Austin Texas (@austintexasgov) March 18, 2018
The Roots' show would have been the third in as many years it has coproduced with Bud Light at the popular SXSW conference and festival, which celebrates the tech industry and the arts. The beer company canceled Saturday's event, explaining on Twitter that it was a “hard decision.”
“Your safety and the safety of all fans at SXSW is our most important priority,” the company tweeted late Saturday night.
Ahead of this official cancellation, Roots drummer Questlove also had tweeted that the event was a no-go, according to the Austin Chronicle and Billboard. The tweets have since been deleted.
“Uh, welp can't say much but for those in Austin waiting in line to see us tonight,” they reportedly posted, per Billboard. “Tonight's show has been canceled. They'll make official announcement but I'd rather save y'all the trouble of waiting in line.”
According to the city's statement, the police found no evidence of an explosive device after inspecting the area.
This year's “Bud Light x The Roots & Friends SXSW Jam” was set to feature rapper Ludacris, funk band Tank and the Bangas, indie rockers Moon Taxi and emcee Rapsody, among others.
NEW YORK (AP) — This may or may not come as a surprise: Merriam-Webster's word of the year for 2017 is “feminism.”
Yes, it's been a big year or two or 100 for the word. In 2017, lookups for feminism increased 70 percent over 2016 on Merriam-Webster.com and spiked several times after key events, lexicographer Peter Sokolowski, the company's editor at large, told The Associated Press ahead of Tuesday's annual word reveal.
There were the Women's March on Washington in January, along with sister demonstrations around the globe. And heading into the year was Democrat Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and references linking them to white-clad suffragettes, along with their loss to President Donald Trump, who once boasted about grabbing women.
The “Me Too” movement rose out of Harvey Weinstein's dust, and other “silence breakers” brought down rich and famous men of media, politics and the entertainment worlds.
Advertisement
Feminism has been in Merriam-Webster's annual Top 10 for the last few years, including sharing word-of-the-year honors with other “isms” in 2015. Socialism, fascism, racism, communism, capitalism and terrorism rounded out the bunch. Surreal was the word of the year last year.
“The word feminism was being use in a kind of general way,” Sokolowski said by phone from the company's headquarters in Springfield, Massachusetts. “The feminism of this big protest, but it was also used in a kind of specific way: What does it mean to be a feminist in 2017? Those kinds of questions are the kinds of things, I think, that send people to the dictionary.”
Feminism's roots are in the Latin for “woman” and the word “female,” which dates to 14th century English. Sokolowski had to look no further than their company's founder, Noah Webster, for the first dictionary reference, in 1841, which isn't all that old in the history of English.
“It was a very new word at that time,” Sokolowski said. “His definition is not the definition that you and I would understand today. Their definition was, ‘The qualities of females,' so basically feminism to Noah Webster meant femaleness. We do see evidence that the word was used in the 19th century in a medical sense, for the physical characteristics of a developing teenager, before it was used as a political term, if you will.”
Webster added the word in revisions to their “An American Dictionary of the English Language.” They were their last. They died in 1843. They also added the word terrorism that year.
“We had no idea they were the original dictionary source of feminism. We don't have a lot of evidence of what they were looking at,” Sokolowski said.
Today, Merriam-Webster defines feminism as the “theory of the political, economic and social equality of the sexes” and “organized activities on behalf of women's rights and interests.”
Another spike for the word feminism in 2017 occurred in February, after Kellyanne Conway spoke at the Conservative Political Action Committee.
“It's difficult for me to call myself a feminist in the classic sense because it seems to be very anti-male and it certainly seems to be very pro-abortion. I'm neither anti-male nor pro-abortion,” they said. “There's an individual feminism, if you will, that you make your own choices. … I look at myself as a product of my choices, not a victim of my circumstances. And to me, that's what conservative feminism is all about.”
They were applauded, and they sent many people to their dictionaries, Sokolowski said. The company would not release actual lookup numbers.
Other events that drew interest to the word feminism was the popular Hulu series, “The Handmaid's Tale,” and the blockbuster movie, “Wonder Woman,” directed by a woman, Patty Jenkins, Sokolowski said.
Merriam-Webster had nine runners-up, in no particular order:
— Complicit , competitor Dictionary.com's word of the year.
— Recuse , in reference to Jeff Sessions and the Russia investigation.
— Empathy , which hung high all year.
— Dotard , used by Kim Jong-un to describe Trump.
— Syzygy , the near straight-line configuration of three celestial bodies, such as the sun, moon and earth during a solar or lunar eclipse.
— Gyro , which can be pronounced three different ways, a phenom celebrated in a Jimmy Fallon sketch on “The Tonight Show.”
— Federalism , which Lindsey Graham referred to in discussing the future of the Affordable Care Act.
— Hurricane , which Sokolowski suspects is because people are confused about wind speed.
— Gaffe , such as what happened at the Academy Awards when the wrong best picture winner was announced. That was a go-to word for the media, Sokolowski said.
Task Group Taji is a combined Australian-New Zealand military training force located at the Taji Military Complex northwest of Baghdad.
Finding out more about New Zealand's contribution to the combined force, why they are participating, and the tradition behind the famous ‘Haka', is the aim when Captain Sharon Mascall-Dare chats today with one of the senior officers in the task group.
Interviewer Sharon Mascall-Dare
A former attraction in Thane is slated to be burned to the ground. That's because the former Thane Ore House property will be the site of a park for Tlingit and Haida culture. A controlled burn will be held to train firefighters.
The Central Council of the Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska won its bid to redevelop the former Thane Ore House restaurant property in 2015. It's the centerpiece of the tribe's $7 million project.
“The Tlingit and Haida immersion park is a preservation of our culture,” said Annette Ulmer, an economic development officer with Central Council. The 3-acre site is actually two separate parcels. There's a former restaurant owned by the city. And there's a former Alaska Electric Light & Power Co. workshop. Ulmer describes the plan from a visitor's perspective.
“You will enter into the first main building and it will have digital, virtual reality, a video that will explain about Elizabeth Peratrovich, the history of Tlingit-Haida people to give a true historical perspective.”
All of this will be built over the former Thane Ore House, a once-popular shoreside restaurant built in 1982. After the restaurant closed in 2012, the owners were evicted for not paying city sales tax. Ulmer said the tribe realized it had inherited a mess when it took over in March.
The structure was never built to code. Engineers found major structural problems. Black mold was in the timbers. And it looked like the former owners had simply walked away.
“Oh my gosh! We could not walk in there without respirators on,” they recalled. “When the city closed the doors they literally closed it and did not enter back into that building. So there was standing grease, there was food. It was just left in a real disarray.”
The original plan was for the building to be restored in the style of a traditional longhouse. Now the tribe says it will completely rebuild.
“There have been great memories for people who have come out here to the Thane Ore House when it was the restaurant,” Ulmer said. “But also look forward to the new opportunity you're gonna see now.”
The property was originally built on state-owned tidelands that were later ceded to the city.
Port Director Carl Uchytil said it was quite a process for the city to take possession of the property.
“Docks and Harbors never really had the authority to enter the building until after the eviction process, and it takes awhile to make things happen,” Uchytil said.
The Docks and Harbor board decided last month to allow the tribe, which now holds a 35-year lease, to burn down the building.
This is a rare opportunity for Capital City Fire/Rescue. Officials said opportunities for controlled burns of structures are becoming increasingly difficult to find.
“It's an excellent training training opportunity for all the brand-new firefighters,” said Fire Chief Rich Etheridge. “Juneau's growing up so much around everywhere that it's hard to find a spot where we can burn a building that's not going to endanger other buildings or put heavy pollutants in a neighborhood that's going to affect other people – so it's getting more and more difficult.”
The burn plan is still awaiting state permits. Once the building is cleared away, construction can begin to rebuild on the site. Public access on the beach will continue with five public parking spots.
The tribe said it hopes to create a new cultural destination for tourists in the summer and school children in the winter. The cultural park promises to be a prominent landmark from both the land and water.
“If you'll notice when you come out to this property, there is only one way in and one way out for the cruise ships,” Ulmer said, “and they are pretty slow and this will be a beautiful scene that they will see, first thing.”
Under the lease terms, the tribe will begin paying annual rent of $8,600 for the property next year. It also agreed to pay a $1-per-visitor fee to the city. The tribe hopes to break ground before the end of the year.
IT was a bold leap forward for China's space program.
Almost.
The 8.6 tonne Tiangong-1 (Heavenly Palace 1) facility has been tumbling out of control now for more than a year.
In September 2016 China's space agency announced it had lost contact with the station.
It's been buffeted by solar winds and wayward wisps of the Earth's atmosphere ever since.
It's now due to crash back down to Earth between March 30 and April 6.
But the European Space Agency's Space Debris Office is regularly recalculating its increasingly erratic path.
Predicting exactly when, and where, it will come down remains an elusive target.
As of March 15, the ESA is only willing to say that it will crash somewhere in a band that covers two-thrids of the globe.
It does highlight two areas of the highest risk, however.
One is a band that reaches across New York, Madrid and Beijing in the north.
Another is a band that includesHobart, Melbourne, Wellington and Buenos Aires in the south.
But the ESA insists they won't know where it will come down until it happens.
Camera Icon The Tiangong-1 Chinese space station is likely to smash back down into Earth sometime between March 24th and April 19th. Picture: Supplied
FALL OF HEAVEN
Predicting where Tiangong-1 will come down is almost impossible.
Which may seem odd given how spacecraft can be sent to the exact right place at the exact right time over millions of kilometres and tens of years for encounters such as with Pluto.
The confounding factor is Earth's weather.
Our planet's atmosphere ebbs and flows. Exactly how this affects densities at its extreme fringe at the boundary of space is not fully understood.
But it does expose satellites to pulses of extra drag each time a puff goes higher than usual.
Which is why Aerospace Corporation, which tracks orbital objects, currently puts Tiangong-1's demise at April 4 — plus or minus one week.
“A more detailed predicted re-entry region will be provided a few days prior to the re-entry time frame,” it says.
Another element is the orientation of the space station at the time it strikes each of these whisps. If presenting its broad face, it will be slowed more.
Similar factors affect Tiangong-1's re-entry profile. One face may cause it to skip through the atmosphere. Another may cause it to plummet.
You can observe its track online here.
Camera Icon In this image taken from China's CCTV, a video image show the docking of the Shenzhou 8 craft that was launched Tuesday, Nov. 1, 2011 with the orbiting Tiangong 1 module. Picture: AP
ECHOES OF SKYLAB
Only one person is known to have ever been hit by a falling piece of space junk. That's despite some 5900 tons of the stuff having rained down during the past 50 years.
Lottie Williams was taking a stroll in a park in Oklahoma when a fragment of mesh from a Delta rocket struck their shoulder. They were only slightly bruised.
But the prospect of falling spacecraft inspires much drama.
The fall of NASA's 77 tonne Skylab in 1979 brought out crowds hoping to see its fiery end, and pick up any pieces that survived the fall to Earth.
And Russia's much bigger 120 tonne Mir space labs drew equal attention to its demise in 2001
Nobody was hurt.
But some fragments ended up in personal collections, or were returned to NASA for study.
Put simply, the odds of being hit by space junk is in the billions to one — against.
Exactly how long the 8.6 tonne Tiangong-1 has been unpowered is unknown. But orbital data gathered by Aerospace Corporation and amateur astronomers place the last observed controlled change in its orbit as early 2015.
It's orbit has been degrading ever since.
In the past 12 months, its orbit has slipped from 350km down to less than 230km.
So will we be able to see it?
“It may be possible to see Tiangong-1 re-entering depending on your location, the time of day, and visibility during re-entry which will not be known until a few days prior to the event,” Aerospace Corporation says. “Visibly incandescent objects from this re-entry will likely last tens of seconds (up to a minute or more) in contrast with the vast majority of natural meteors which last mere seconds.
You can calculate the times Tiangong-1 is visible in your area at heavens-above.com. Here are the schedules for Perth, Darwin, Adelaide, Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne and Hobart (subject to change as the station's orbit deteriorates).
Camera Icon In this long exposure photo released by Japan's Wakayama University Institute for Education on Space, the Hayabusa probe reenter the Earth's atmosphere near Glendambo in South Australia in 2010. Picture: News Limited
WHAT TO EXPECT
Tiangong-1 was launched in 2011. It was an experimental station, as China is not permitted to take part in research involving the International Space Station.
It was always supposed to be the precursor to a bigger, permanent 20 tonne station expected to be launched in 2022.
But only two manned missions — and one unmanned — reached the orbital facility.
Aerospace Corporation says it is likely carrying hydrazine, a highly corrosive rocket fuel. It warns people to stay away from any debris they may encounter for this reason.
“For your safety, do not touch any debris you may find on the ground nor inhale vapours it may emit,” it writes.
Most of Tiangong-1 is expected to evaporate under the extreme heat of re-entry.
But heavier, denser components — such as batteries or high-pressure engine components — are likely to survive.
It's expected this will amount to some 100kg of debris out of its original 8.6 tonne structure.
Odds are, this will all crash down into the ocean.
WASHINGTON — Just 24 per cent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. That's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
The decline in optimism about the nation's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans. In June, 60 per cent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction; now it's just 44 per cent.
The broader picture for the president is grim, too. Nearly 70 per cent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 per cent disapprove of how they are handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues.
Overall, 67 per cent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office, including about one-third of Republicans.
Tracy Huelsman, a 40-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is among them. A self-described moderate Republican, Huelsman said she's particularly concerned about the "divisiveness" they feel the president promotes on social media.
"It's scary in 2017 that we are in what seems like a worse place in terms of division," said Huelsman, who did not vote for Trump in last year's election.
The assessments come after a turbulent summer for Trump that included a major White House shake-up, bringing the departure of their chief of staff, top strategist and press secretary. While the installment of retired Marine Gen. John Kelly as chief of staff has ushered in more day-to-day order in the West Wing, the president has still stirred up numerous controversies, including when they blamed "both sides" for the clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has also raised the spectre of a military conflict with North Korea over its nuclear provocations. He's derided North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, as "rocket man," including during a speech at the United Nations, and has downplayed the prospects that diplomatic negotiations with Kim could yield results.
Despite their electoral success, Trump struggled as both a candidate and now as president to broaden their base of support beyond their ardent supporters. The loyalty of their core backers has been enough to keep Republican lawmakers largely in line, but party operatives are closely watching Trump's support among GOP and independent voters ahead of next year's midterm elections, when the balance of power in Congress will be at stake.
To be sure, lawmakers have their own problems to worry about. Americans have even less esteem for Congress than Trump, with just 18 per cent saying they approve of the job being done by the House and the Senate.
GIANLUIGI BUFFON ON Tuesday blasted talk of a row with Juventus teammate Medhi Benatia as “invented gossip” to try and unnerve the champions in the title race.
Buffon, 40, was reported to have let rip at centre-back Benatia after Kalidou Koulibaly scored in the final minute in Turin as Napoli beat Juventus 1-0 on Sunday, cutting Juve's lead to just one point at the top of Serie A with four games to play.
It was also a foul by the Moroccan defender which resulted in the controversial late penalty which gave Real Madrid a place in the Champions League semi-finals at the expense of the Italians.
“It's the kind of gossip, patently invented, that comes after the defeat of teams like Juventus who don't have an Achilles heel,” Buffon told Juventus TV.
“They try to destabilise the environment and undermine the certainty and the union of the group,” they continued.
“No-one, at least in my 17 years at Juventus, is allowed to point the finger at someone and blame an error for a defeat.
“What's more, as long as I'm captain of this team that will never happen.
“I'd like to add that Medhi is an extremely respectful lad and that he's tied to our cause with an education and way of being in an exceptional group.
“I'm sorry to be forced to point it out, but I have to because in the face of news which is, if not defamatory at least false, I think a clarification is needed to protect the group and Medhi, who is a splendid lad.”
Goalkeeping legend Buffon insisted their side were united as they push for a seventh consecutive Serie A title and a fourth straight Italian Cup.
“We've dropped five very important points in recent days, but we're still first with a very small advantage,” said the Italian.
“There are 20 days to go, in which we'll have to return to the pitch with ferocity and sporting brutality and to be united.
“The match with Inter (on Saturday) is a decisive one, but the ones with Bologna, Roma, and Verona will be too and then there's the Italian Cup final.
“If not we'll play into the hands of our opponents and those who, in our few moments of difficulty, have always tried to create problems with ill-founded news, without ever succeeding.”
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
After months of searching, the fourth annual Tiny Desk Contest winner has been announced!
Naia Izumi is a 34-year-old musician from Columbus, Ga. who now lives in Los Angeles and busks on that city's streets. With a plethora of self-released music on Bandcamp and a skilled, soulful Tiny Desk Contest submission, they impressed our Contest judges enough to stand out from nearly 5,000 entries.
Izumi's submission for the contest, "Soft Spoken," showcases both their undeniable talent and charismatic personality. Izumi was assigned male at birth and — though they currently identify as male — identified as a woman for about seven years (and originally titled the track "Soft Spoken Woman"). The song of their winning entry was written in order to try to address dealing with prejudices both social and artistic.
"I was experiencing a lot of people [who would] just kind of over-talk me, or downplay my abilities because of how I presented myself," Izumi says.
Izumi got their first guitar as a child — they estimate they were between eight and 10 years old — and began to experiment immediately. Though they quickly became obsessed with making music, Izumi says wasn't always encouraged to pursue their passion. While their mother, a part-time choir director, supported it, their father didn't want them to play. "I had to hide that guitar in my closet," they remember.
They now pride themselves in making declarative music, writing songs that are a stark contrast to their timid personality — but Izumi, who has openly discussed living with autism, says that music is their refuge.
"[It's] having all this power that I can use to express myself," Izumi says, citing that they are a multi-instrumentalist and producer as well as a performer.
Having gone through so much for the love of music, Izumi welcomes the idea of being seen as a role model for young musicians in the wake of winning the Tiny Desk Contest.
"Honestly, I'm kind of ready for it," Izumi says. "I get comments sometimes like, 'You're so talented.' It's not talent, it's work. It's something anybody can do, you just have to put in the hours."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Flu activity worsened over the past week as more people headed to doctors' offices and emergency rooms, with hospitalizations at the highest in nearly 10 years, U.S. health officials said on Friday.
Sixteen children died of the flu in the week ended Jan. 27, bringing total pediatric deaths to 53 for the season, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's weekly report.
Out of every 100,000 people in the general population, an estimated 51.4 have been hospitalized for the flu, surpassing the rate in the last severe season of 2014/2015, when 710,000 were hospitalized and 148 children died. Adults aged 65 or older had the most hospitalizations, followed by those aged 50 to 64, and children below 5.
The dominant strain during this flu season is an especially nasty type called influenza A (H3N2) that in seasons past had been linked with severe disease and death, especially in the elderly and young.
“So far this year the cumulative rate of hospitalization is the highest since we began tracking in this way,” Dr. Anne Schuchat, acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told reporters on a conference call. The CDC began its current hospital flu surveillance program during the 2009-2010 H1N1 swine flu pandemic.
Schuchat was named acting CDC director earlier this week after Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald resigned from the post because of financial conflicts of interest, including purchases of tobacco and healthcare stocks while in office.
Flu is widespread in 48 states, down from 49 last week, with Oregon reporting less flu activity, the CDC said.
“We are not out of the woods yet,” Schuchat said, noting that sick people should stay home to avoid transmitting the virus to others, frequently wash hands and cover their mouth while coughing or sneezing.
The CDC official also said it was not too late to get a flu vaccine. (Reporting by Deena Beasley; Editing by Richard Chang)
VIENNA (Sputnik) – Vienna regrets Washington's decision to reimpose sanctions on Iran as these restrictions violate international law and affect Austria due to their extraterritorial nature, Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen said on Wednesday.
"Austria regrets the US pullout from the JCPOA. We also regret the US decision to reimpose sanctions on Iran. This does not concern the so-called primary sanctions against Iran, but the secondary sanctions which affect Austria, too. We believe that these secondary sanctions violate international law due to their extraterritorial nature," Van der Bellen told reporters after their talks with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in Vienna.
The European Commission supports this position against the United States' decisions related to the JCPOA, the Austrian president added.
Rouhani on Future of JCPOA
Their Iranian counterpart Hassan Rouhani, in their turn, said that Tehran would remain in the deal, provided that the country is able to benefit from it.
"We will not withdraw from the JCPOA if we are able to benefit from it," Rouhani said after talks with their Austrian counterpart Alexander Van der Bellen.
Rouhani specified that Iran would stay in the deal if the remaining signatories to the agreement manage to ensure Iran's interests after the US pullout from the agreement.
READ MORE: India Should Continue Importing Iranian Crude Despite US Sanctions — Analysts
The Iranian president also stressed that the remaining signatories to the JCPOA had demonstrated firm political will.
Rouhani is currently on their European trip aimed at discussing the future of the JCPOA after the US withdrawal with EU member states. On Monday and Tuesday, the Iranian president visited Switzerland, after which they arrived in Austria.
EU officials have repeatedly criticized the extraterritorial nature of sanctions imposed by the United States on the countries considered by Washington as its adversaries.
After the US withdrawal from the JCPOA, other signatories — Iran, China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, Germany, and the European Union – said they would abide by it. Moreover, EU leaders asked the United States to grant sanctions waivers to the bloc's companies cooperating with Iran.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury's top economic diplomat, David Malpass, on Friday accused China of enabling poor governance in Venezuela by propping up the socialist government of President Nicolas Maduro through murky oil-for-loan investments.
In a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, Malpass said China's focus on commodities and opaque financing deals had hurt, not helped, countries in the region.
Their attack on China's role in aiding the Venezuelan government came a day after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, ahead of a five-day tour of Latin America, raised the prospect of a Venezuelan military coup.
The Trump administration has imposed individual and economic sanctions on Venezuela's government for rights abuses and corruption. Maduro has accused Washington of seeking to oust them to improve access to the OPEC nation's oil wealth.
Malpass, Treasury's under secretary for international affairs, said Venezuela's economic crisis and lack of democratic rule were among the “biggest disappointments and disasters” of the region. Washington and the opposition blame Maduro's policies.
“Most of the blame for Venezuela's economic collapse and humanitarian disaster falls squarely on Venezuela's rulers, but China has been by far Venezuela's largest lender supporting poor governance,” Malpass said.
They said the international community and Venezuela's people would ultimately be left with rebuilding the country once democracy was restored.
“China denominated many of its loans to Venezuela in barrels of oil,” said Malpass. “This has the effects of masking the exact amount of payments that China made to Venezuelan officials and that Venezuelans are expected to make to China in the future,” they added.
Cooperation between China and the region was based on common interests and mutual needs, the Xhinhua state news agency said quoting the Chinese foreign ministry, and investments are in line with local laws.
“China is a major international buyer of Latin American bulk commodities, and imports more and more agricultural and high value-added products from the region,” Xhinhua reported, quoting spokesperson Hua Chunying.
China has said it is confident in Venezuela's ability to properly handle its debts. Venezuela has borrowed billions of dollars from Russia and China, primarily through oil-for-loan deals that have crimped the country's hard currency revenue by requiring oil shipments to be used to service those loans.
Since 2007 China has loaned more than $50 billion to Venezuela through an oil-for-loans arrangement that helped Caracas reduce reliance on U.S. energy markets. But the flow of funds from Beijing has slowed since 2014, when abundant crude oil led to a crash in oil markets and made China less interested in maintaining its alliance with Venezuela.
Malpass also expressed concern at a decision by the Washington-based Inter-American Development Bank, the biggest lender to the region, to hold its 2019 annual meeting in China, saying the gathering should be held in the Americas.
“The Bank's 60th anniversary is an important milestone to celebrate the Bank's accomplishments ... and it would be fitting to hold the meeting in the hemisphere among major donors and borrowers,” Malpass said.
The IADB did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Malpass criticism.
By The Associated Press
Firefighters brace for second week of California wildfires
Final push for Moore and Jones in Alabama Senate race
Deadline week crunch for health law sign-ups under Trump
Will misconduct scandals make men wary of women at work?
Deaths from window blinds show need for cord ban, study says
Q&A: Can a museum sell its art to stay in business?
Subway paleontology: LA construction unearths fossil trove
Hyperactive Missouri Gov. Greitens touts their physical feats
After allegations, Moore avoids spotlight, questions
Shelby bucks Alabama GOP leaders in voting against Moore
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A rare white whale calf has been captured on camera off the south coast.
The incredible image of the southern right with a newborn white calf, taken by Matt Blakers just off Bremer Bay late last year, has been revealed.
Mr Blakers said it was the best experience they had ever had in the ocean.
“My wife and I were relaxing at a beach in the Fitzgerald River National Park and there wasn't another person for as far as the eye could see,” they said.
“The water was an amazing blue colour, so I ventured out to capture some photos of the small waves and, when you are swimming by yourself on the south coast, you can sometimes feel a little on edge, so I happened to glance back to shore and saw my wife waving their arms in the air trying to get my attention.”
Mr Blakers said their heart skipped a beat, but they realised it was just a friendly southern right whale swimming to shore for a closer look.
“Then I caught a glimpse of the whale's calf that was resting beside her, it was almost pure white; I couldn't believe my eyes,” they said. “Before I knew what was happening, the calf had swum underneath its mum and stopped directly in front of me. I was probably the first human it's ever seen.
“I sometimes think how insane it would be if they could talk to us. Imagine the stories they could tell.”
The image was accepted into an exhibition by canon that is promoting the south west from Margaret River to Bremer Bay.
It is being exhibited in Sydney.
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) - The mother of a Texas man whom police fatally shot last year says sheriff's deputies recently turned up at their mother's home to serve a warrant for the dead man's arrest.
Dee Crane told The Associated Press Wednesday that Tarrant County deputies came to the house in Arlington this month, upsetting their family "all over again."
Sheriff's office spokesperson David McClelland hasn't responded to messages seeking comment.
Tavis Crane, a black 23-year-old, was killed in February 2017. Authorities say they ran over an Arlington police officer while attempting to flee a traffic stop.
Another officer, Craig Roper, fatally shot Crane in their car. Both officers are white.
Crane's two-year-old daughter and two friends were also in the car. They were not hurt.
A grand jury took no action against Roper.
“Last year, Apple ditched the iPhone's headphone jack. With its latest iPhones, it is removing the power socket too.,” Tim Bradshaw writes for The Financial Times. “Cable-free power seems to be the hottest new feature of the iPhone 8. Several surveys suggest that consumers are more excited about the ability to top up their battery without having to plug in a cord than the improved camera, screen or anything else in the device.”
“Apple is using the Wireless Power Consortium's Qi standard, which Samsung, LG, Huawei and Xiaomi have all said they support. Apple's backing will only accelerate Qi's momentum,” Bradshaw writes. “Qi wireless chargers are built into certain models of car from Audi, Toyota, BMW, Ford and Honda, as well as in hundreds of McDonald's restaurants, and transport hubs from the Eurostar to JFK and LAX airports. Qi-certified chargers are also available from familiar tech accessory makers such as Mophie and Belkin as well as Ikea.”
“As is so often the risk in Ikea, I got a bit carried away on a recent visit and came home with two Qi-powered lamps and a three-device charging pad. The bundle cost me just over $200 and means I now have wireless charging by my bedside, in the living room and on my desk,” Bradshaw writes. “The result is that my iPhone 8 is constantly being topped up with what Ikea wittily calls ‘Apple juice.' Not having to faff with a cable may seem like a small change but it quickly changed my charging behaviour so that I rarely run low on power. Goodbye range anxiety.”
Read more in the full article here.
Of late, the global ENT and bronchoscopy market is witnessing a noticeable rise on the back of the increasing prevalence of a number of ear, nose, and throat (ENT) and lungs related diseases, such as internal biopsy, myringotomy, tonsillectomy, stapedectomy, and bronchial stenting. With the technological advancements in ENT and bronchoscopy devices and the infrastructural improvement in the medical and healthcare industry, the market is anticipated to continue growing steadily in the years to come.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1477
This research study is a systematic and analytical research of the performance of the global market for ENT and bronchoscopy in past and over the period from 2013 to 2019. The report especially focuses on the growth boosters, obstacles, opportunities, challenges, future potentials, and the prominent trends in this market in a bid to find out the pace of its progress.
ENT device and bronchoscope device are the two main products available in the global market for ENT and bronchoscopy. ENT instruments, ENT hand instruments, ENT endoscope devices, and ENT radio frequency and ultrasonic devices are the prime ENT devices across the world. With the increasing cases of health disorders related to ear, nose, and throat, the demand for these devices is likely to increasing substantially in the years to come. Bronchial stent market, bronchial hand instruments, and bronchial forceps and trans-bronchial aspiration needles are some of the most popular bronchoscope devices available across the world.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1477
In terms of the geography, the worldwide market for ENT and bronchoscopy is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World. Europe and North America are the leaders in this market. In 2012, these regional markets collectively accounted for a share of more than 60%. Researchers expect the scenario to remain more or less the same over the forthcoming years. Asia Pacific is also projected to register a significant growth in its market for ENT and bronchoscopy in the near future, thanks to the continual rise in the geriatric population.
Boston Scientific Corp., Medtronic Inc., Carl Zeiss AG, Lumenis Ltd., Olympus Corp., Meditech, and Broncus Technologies Inc. are some of the key participants in the global market for bronchoscopy. Owing to the intense rivalry between these players, the market demonstrates a highly competitive landscape.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=1477
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Two Bay Area bars named among the country's best
Photo: John Storey / Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 People enjoy wines at the Ordinaire in Oakland. People enjoy wines at the Ordinaire in Oakland. Photo: John Storey / Special To The Chronicle Image 2 of 5 The wine selection at the Ordinaire in Oakland. The wine selection at the Ordinaire in Oakland. Photo: John Storey / Special To The Chronicle Image 3 of 5 True Laurel in San Francisco. True Laurel in San Francisco. Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Image 4 of 5 TL Patty Melt (Griddled Old Beef, Caramelized Onion Special Sauce, Melty Cheese, Pickles) at True Laurel in San Francisco. TL Patty Melt (Griddled Old Beef, Caramelized Onion Special Sauce, Melty Cheese, Pickles) at True Laurel in San Francisco. Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Image 5 of 5 Brokaw, Barley & Barrels (Peaty Scotch, Guava, Bitter Wines, Lemon, Cardamom, Hibiscus-Guava Jelly) at True Laurel in San Francisco. Brokaw, Barley & Barrels (Peaty Scotch, Guava, Bitter Wines, Lemon, Cardamom, Hibiscus-Guava Jelly) at True Laurel in San Francisco. Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Two Bay Area bars named among the country's best 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Esquire's annual list recognizing the Best Bars in America was unveiled today and a pair of Bay Area hotspots made the cut: Lazy Bear's cocktail spinoff, True Laurel in San Francisco and popular Oakland's natural wine bar, Ordinaire.
Without diving too far into the methodology behind how Esquire's Food and Drinks Editor Jeff Gordinier and Culture and Lifestyle Director Kevin Sintumuang add to their ever-growing hall of fame bar list, the general idea is that each place, 21 in total this year, has a specific feeling. Or as Esquire put it in a release,”There is no other place you'd rather be right now.”
The first Bay Area spot named on the list, Ordinaire, opened in 2013, making it the veteran of the two regional selections. Owned by Bradford Taylor, the wine bar as of 2018 is a shrine to natural wine, which itself is a burgeoning wine category in the Bay Area.
The Chronicle's Esther Mobley reviewed Ordinaire in 2016, breaking down how it's become a destination for neighborhood folks and natural wine seekers alike. According to Esquire, the combo wine shop and wine bar is “a nest for afternoon drifters.”
Meanwhile, True Laurel, the Mission District bar from Lazy Bear's chef/owner David Barzelay and partner/bar director Nicolas Torres, has landed on a plethora of food/drink lists since it opened late last year, including the Chronicle Top 100. Even Esquire scooped it up in a post earlier this year about the return of patty melts at restaurants.
As for Esquire's thoughts on True Laurel: “David Barzelay knows how to throw a party. At True Laurel, they put the spotlight on cocktail virtuoso Nicolas Torres, who is known for going to great lengths to perfect their conjurings.”
Ordinaire Wine Shop & Wine Bar: ordinairewine.com; 3354 Grand Ave, Oakland; Hours: Sunday through Thursday: Noon to 10 p.m.; Friday and Saturday: Noon to 11 a.m.
True Laurel: 753 Alabama St., San Francisco; Open daily: 4 p.m. to 2 .m.
Justin Phillips is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jphillips@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JustMrPhillips
DALLAS (AP) - Exxon's CEO says the company can more than double its earnings by 2025 and will invest in new oil and gas production even if policymakers adopt rules to combat climate change.
Darren Woods told shareholders Wednesday that technology like biofuels will allow the company to produce energy with lower carbon emissions.
Environmentalists say Woods is offering political spin instead of solutions.
The oil giant's annual meeting in a symphony hall was a tame affair, lacking the usual number of protesters. For the first time in years, there were no environmental resolutions from activist shareholders and no fiery speeches during the open-comment period.
Woods, like their predecessor and former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, said the world will need oil and gas for decades. Exxon, Woods said, is responding to that demand while investing in technology such as carbon capture and biofuels to reduce heat-trapping carbon emissions. Last week, the company promised to cut its own emissions of methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, by 15 percent by 2020 largely by reducing leakage from natural gas wells.
"We see our role as helping close the gap between what people want and what can be responsibly done," Woods said.
Environmentalists counter that Exxon's technology investments, some in partnership with leading universities, will not produce enough reductions to avoid the worst effects of climate change, including more bouts of severe weather.
Kathy Mulvey, a climate activist at the Union of Concerned Scientists, called Woods' comments "all PR" - public relations. They said Exxon's investments in alternative fuels and other technological breakthroughs are a pittance compared with its spending on finding more oil and gas.
"It's clear the company is banking on increased fossil-fuel production, despite being well aware of the climate risks," they said.
The Irving, Texas-based company earned $19.7 billion last year, as rising oil prices reversed a slide in profit. Yet the shares fell 7 percent last year and are down so far in 2018. Woods said the stock will rise as earnings improve.
Earlier this year, one of Exxon's most prominent critics, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, was forced from office by charges that they physically abused several women. Schneiderman, a Democrat, was investigating whether Exxon misled the public and investors by hiding what it knew about the link between climate change and burning oil and gas.
Schneiderman's interim replacement, Barbara Underwood, is continuing the investigation, an aide said. Voters will pick the next attorney general in November in a state where registered Democrats outnumber Republicans about 2-to-1.
Exxon tried unsuccessfully to kill the investigation in the courts. Woods said they are confident Exxon will prevail, but they have not spoken to the interim AG about the case.
"There's going to be a new election," they told reporters. "Let's see what that election brings."
___
David Klepper in Albany, New York, contributed to this report.
Share. East of Eden. East of Eden.
Warning: Full spoilers for the episode below.
"Aporia" drove us right up to the Season 3 finale, delivering a confident and capable Nikki and a broken and floundering Gloria.
In an ending that felt a touch on-the-nose and overly explanatory (which itself felt odd for this series), Gloria actually spelled out all the unspoken themes of their character to Winnie. How they feel invisible and ineffective and that mysterious technology glitches only accentuate them insecurities. How they relate to the wandering android in their stepfather's book, unable to truly help anyone despite their attempts to. Basically, all the things we've been theorizing about them this whole time, just put to words. Thankfully, Carrie Coon is so magnificent that they were able to make it all go down smoothly and without any clunkiness.
Gloria was also the recipient of a long, meaningful hug (another fun, small connector to Coon's role over on The Leftovers) that allowed them to connect to someone else in a real way, free of falsehoods and obscurities. This was a woman who didn't understand their husband's desire to leave them for a man because, to her, the love they shared, even if they didn't want their sexually, was the only love that mattered to them
Fargo: "Aporia" Photos 4 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 4 Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Nikki Swango, Russell Harvard as Mr. Wrench in Fargo's "Aporia" Episode 01 OF 4 Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Nikki Swango, Russell Harvard as Mr. Wrench in Fargo's "Aporia" Episode Fargo: "Aporia" Photos FX Download Image Captions ESC
Just when it seemed like Gloria's case was lining up, thanks to Emmit's confession, and the world was about to make sense to them again, Varga was three steps ahead and had other Stussys viciously murdered - and a fall guy planted to fill in Sheriff Moe's easily satiated need for a quick narrative. Varga is so ruthless and so absolutely dug in that it would never even occur to them to run. Even when someone like Emmit waltzes into a police station. Varga simply builds a bigger lie, and that's a truly terrifying trait.
I haven't settled in to watch my screener of the finale yet (I like to wait until after I review an episode to watch the following week's) but the way Emmit was delivered back to Varga and Meemo at the end felt like they were waltzing into a fate worse than death. Certainly one worse than imprisonment. Varga only needs Emmit for very specific things business-wise so their quality of life, or overall health, only has to be kept at minimal levels. This episode had huge highs and lows, emotionally, as the good guys took back some of the board space, while losing ground elsewhere. Both Emmit and Gloria spoke their inner truths and wound up hitting brick walls.
Nikki however, was a maelstrom of fury and smarts. This gal has made me think they were dead for sure at least twice this season and their scene with Varga this week, in the hotel lobby, was a nail-biter. Are they in over their head with Varga? Is They in over Their head with her? They certainly match up nicely, but only one's going to get their hand raised in the end. I fear for Nikki, and I always will, so I just take things episode-by-episode. They were awesome here, with their ace being Wrench, who Varga knew nothing about (because Meemo wouldn't have known them from the woods).
I guess my question is: Did they already deliver the death blow to Varga? By mailing those accounts receivable records and the flash drive to Larou? Will Nikki now get killed but still, say, be able to deliver retribution from beyond because she's already sealed Varga's fate with that data? Granted Varga's a ghost. He's not even someone that could get nabbed legitimately because they keep their fingerprints off things, but this could totally wreck their Stussy Lots plans. Plans that may also now involve Mary McDonnell's character, Mrs. Goldfarb (who was all sorts of squirrelly with Gloria).
Either way, things are about to tumble down in the finale and the chips could land, honestly, anywhere. You can't really ever predict how a Fargo season will wrap up. I mean, you want to see Gloria vindicated and lauded as a hero. You also want Nikki to continue sticking a fork in Varga until he's done, and then head off with some cash and a new, hearing-impaired bridge partner. It's unlikely we'll get both of these things. Or either really. But if the supernatural elements return for one final bow, we may get justice of a different type.
Circling back, Emmit's speech to Gloria, in the interview room, was very moving. Him explaining how they did trick Ray, all those years ago, condemning their younger brother to a life of resentment and struggles was their soul stripped bare. "Thirty years I've been killing him, that was just when they fell" were the words they used to unveil their guilt and describe how he'd treated their sad sibling.
Shaw + Scott, a digital marketing agency specializing in strategic email, mobile, social and web solutions, announced today that it will be expanding its capabilities as part of a collaboration with Oracle Marketing Cloud.
As a Gold level member of Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN,) Shaw + Scott now offers new Oracle Marketing Cloud solutions, such as advanced support of Oracle Responsys and deep technical and strategic expertise on both Oracle Maxymiser and the Oracle Data Management Platform.
According to an emailed statement, these responsive solutions allow the agency more agility around planning, marketing orchestration and optimization.
“Our clients engage us to design, develop and deliver holistic and integrated digital marketing solutions. In order to do so, we must constantly take advantage of critical technological innovations, such as the Oracle Marketing Cloud,” said Jamie Frech, President of Shaw + Scott. “Through this collaboration, Shaw + Scott can be more agile in leading our clients to marketing success quickly and effectively.”
With the addition of new Oracle Marketing Cloud specializations, Shaw + Scott offers its clients a one-stop shop for digital marketing solutions, handling strategy, creative, user experience and now, the most advanced marketing technology platforms in the industry. Through the addition of these tools, Shaw + Scott can streamline the optimization of web, mobile and apps, create cross-channel and cross-device customer experiences and transform the resulting data into actionable audiences. Already, the agency has seen success driven by the use of these platforms.
“As our campaigns become increasingly personalized and granular the tools we use to create and send them become more complex. To get the most out of our Oracle investment I rely on Shaw + Scott's deep bench to advise on everything from setting up, integrating and plain old troubleshooting. I've yet to bring them a problem they can't solve,” says Jared Stivers, current client and Senior Manager of Email Marketing at ModCloth.
Note: We had two readers try their hand at our Sidewalk Poetry prompt from the last issue. Here are the results.
I'm just a slab of sidewalk, That runs along the street, To provide a path for people, Who travel on their feet. I'm neither rich nor famous, And that's OK by me, For I exist exactly, Where I am meant to be.
Dick Wenkel, Falcon Heights
The Welcome Guest It's really here! I know because today as I sat on the deck, The sun soaked through my jeans The wind washed my hair. Snuggled together, my husband and I watched it come. And the earth began to grow again! A great relief settled into my heart! You can doubt green-growing things in the grip of a Minnesota winter, Doubt that grapes once hung on the garden fence, Wonder if raspberries actually grew red plump on those stark stems. But, it's here! I can see it in my husband's smile, Hear it in the neighborhood children's collective scream and yell As they careen through the yards, Running, running, running! The tired old glider in the back yard swings up and down, up and down, And it is once more piloted to South America, Africa, and outer space. The cat goes berserk—racing up one tree, down and across to another, Chase a leaf, spin around, roll on the sun-warmed sidewalk. Oh! I want to shout WELCOME in grand crescendos and loud hosannas, Dance whirling and jumping across the yards with the kids, Hello Spring! Where have you been? Don't stay away so long ever again!
Barbara Leary, St. Anthony Park
LAHORE: The teachers of universities in Punjab have announced to launch a movement against new criteria for appointment of vice-chancellors at public sector universities.
In their joint press statement, Federation of All Pakistan Universities Academic Staff Association Punjab Chapter President Dr Javed Ahmed, Central Vice President Dr Shoaib, University of Engineering and Technology's Teaching Staff Association President Dr Sohail Aftab, PU Academic Staff Association office bearers Dr Azhar Naeem, Syndicate members Dr Sajid Rashid and Mahboob Hussain, senate members Dr Zaid Mahmood, Dr Kamran Abid, Dr Abdul Qayyum Chaudhry and others have rejected the new eligibility standards for appointment for VCs.
They said that the condition of PhD must be mandatory for the candidates rather than giving it preference. They said that the government never gave any development or research project of worth Rs 100 million to any teacher so teachers would not get points in this section in the overall marks to qualify for the interview. They said that the new eligibility criteria had been approved with the intention of opening ways the or appointment of bureaucrats as vice-chancellors of public sector universities.
They said that the university teachers would make all efforts to foil this conspiracy because it would disastrously affect the universities' growing academic and research culture. They said that none of the elected representatives of the teachers' community had been taken into confidence before the approval of such regrettable criteria. They said that if the government did not withdraw the anti-education criteria for appointment of VCs, the teachers of public sector universities in the province would launch a movement against it.
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — New England coach Bill Belichick was asked if the Patriots' eight-game winning streak ended because they looked past the Miami Dolphins to Sunday's showdown between division leaders at Pittsburgh.
Belichick dismissed the idea.
“Give me a break,” they said with a glare.
So how to explain New England's 27-20 loss Monday night? The Patriots (10-3) were 11-point favorites but missed a chance to clinch their ninth consecutive AFC East title — at least for another week.
Advertisement
The upset erased some of the sting to a disappointing season for the Dolphins (6-7), who have won two in a row.
“We've been waiting for this to happen,” coach Adam Gase said.
Here are some things to know about the Patriots' first loss since Oct. 1:
ORDINARY BRADY
New England failed to convert a third down for the first time since 1991, and Tom Brady looked like the quarterback that season, Hugh Millen.
Brady was intercepted twice by Xavien Howard and had their lowest passer rating since 2013.
“It starts with me,” Brady said. “I've got to throw the ball better.”
The Dolphins sacked them twice and broke up seven passes.
“We were trying to keep them a little bit off balance,” Gase said. “The guys did a good job of playing team defense. It really starts with our front. They just played well together.”
Brady went 24 for 43 for 233 yards and one touchdown. New England was 0 for 11 on third down.
HEAVY LOAD
Kenyan Drake ran for 26 yards on their first carry for Miami and kept going. They finished with 114 yards rushing to top the 100 mark for the second consecutive game, and added 79 receiving.
“We saw them running past linebackers, and they break tackles in the hole,” quarterback Jay Cutler said. “He's becoming one of those complete backs you can do a lot with.”
Drake has emerged as Miami's workhorse back following the midseason trade of Jay Ajayi to Philadelphia.
STOUT RUN DEFENSE
The Patriots ran for 196 yards to beat the Dolphins in Week 12. In the rematch, Miami allowed only 25 yards on 10 carries.
“Two weeks ago they were a lot more physical than us,” defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh said. “We wanted to play to the whistle and impose our will.”
The Patriots totaled 248 yards in their worst effort since Week 17 of the 2015 season — also a loss at Miami.
SHUTDOWN CORNER
Howard now has four career interceptions, all in the past two weeks. They also broke up three throws by Brady.
“We knew what we could take advantage of,” the second-year pro said. “I just wanted to go out there and make big plays for the team.”
COMING UP
If the Patriots weren't looking ahead to the Steelers before the loss, they were immediately afterward. Pittsburgh (11-2) leads by one game in the race for the best AFC record.
“We can't go up there and play as poorly as we did tonight,” Brady said. “We have to do a lot of things better.”
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
After two years of research and development in an industrial warehouse in Sydney, Australian aeronautical startup Alauda has unveiled the Alauda Mark 1 Airspeeder, Australia's first flying racing car. Today, Alauda launches their Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign to give everyone a chance to be involved.
Pledges start at A$5 to buy the team a coffee, but the serious stuff starts at A$35 which gets you access to an exclusive livestream of Alauda's first head-to-head race through the Australian desert. If you want to go all in, there's a Golden ticket for A$10,000 that'll fly you to Australia (Assuming you're not already here) to the first ever Alauda Airspeeder test race in 2018.
The project is the brainchild of founder Matt Pearson, also a co-founder of Australian space startup Fleet and micro-business platform Honcho. Growing tired of the slow progress in flying cars, Matt decided the best way to accelerate the technology was to create a new sport for this century. A mission to build a flying racing car and host a “race to end all races” began.
Alauda is using cutting-edge technologies and advanced robotics to build the Ferrari of the sky; a full-sized, human-capable, flying car called the Alauda Mark 1.
The Alauda Mark 1 is an electric, low-altitude aircraft shaped like a race car. Once completed, it will be capable of carrying a single pilot and reach top speeds of more than 200km/hr. Equipped with four custom 50-megawatt motors, and powered by the same cells used in the battery of a Tesla Model S, the Mark 1 will use robotics and sensors to ensure safety while putting the driver in control of a performance electric aircraft. Not a car and not a plane, the company has lifted the term “Airspeeder” from science fiction to describe the new vehicle category.
Pearson said,
“It's just time the world had flying cars. Racing will push the technology like nothing else. It's not enough to build the speeder: we have to build the sport. We want to bring the excitement and values of Formula 1 to the sky.” “After two years of development, we're ready to share the Alauda Mark 1 with the world. Like any sport, we need a community of passionate people backing us. We have the prototype, we have the technology, we have the team – now we want to take it to the next level. Our Kickstarter will help us build a community and bring flying racing cars one step closer to reality.”
Alauda is one of the founding companies of the South Australian Space Innovation Complex and is in discussions with industry bodies to get the Airspeeder sky high. The targets are ambitious — the first test flight will happen early next year, with the first head-to-head race planned for late 2018.
By 2020, the company plans to hold the first Airspeeder World Championship.
Kickstarter Campaign: Airspeeder: World's First Flying Car Grand Championship
Kansas officials plan to meet later this month to certify the results of a special congressional election.
The three-member State Board of Canvassers is scheduled to convene April 24.
The board is the governor, the attorney general and the secretary of state.
But they can send substitutes to handle what is often the routine business of reviewing vote totals from counties.
Republican Ron Estes defeated Democrat James Thompson in last week's special election in the 4th Congressional District of south-central Kansas. The seat was
formerly held by Republican Mike Pompeo and President Donald Trump appointed them CIA director.
The race drew national attention because Estes won by 7 percentage points when Pompeo won their last three elections by more than 30 percentage points.
The ‘Ring' and pop culture: Think ‘Apocalypse Now' and Bugs Bunny
Photo: United Artists 1979 Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Frederic Forrest (left) and Martin Sheen in 1979's “Apocalypse Now,” where “The Ride of the Valkyries” played as the helicopters flew. Frederic Forrest (left) and Martin Sheen in 1979's “Apocalypse Now,” where “The Ride of the Valkyries” played as the helicopters flew. Photo: United Artists 1979 Image 2 of 5 Klansmen rides against the army of occupation in this scene from D.W. Griffith's “Birth of a Nation,” filmed in Hollywood in 1914. The film, released in 1915, includes music from Richard Wagner's “The Ride of the Valkyries.” less Klansmen ride against the army of occupation in this scene from D.W. Griffith's “Birth of a Nation,” filmed in Hollywood in 1914. The film, released in 1915, includes music from Richard Wagner's “The ... more Photo: Associated Press 2014 Image 3 of 5 Colin Farrell plays Captain John Smith, and Q'orianka Kilcher plays Pocahontas in Terrence Malick's “The New World,” which includes music from Wagner's “Das Rheingold.” Colin Farrell plays Captain John Smith, and Q'orianka Kilcher plays Pocahontas in Terrence Malick's “The New World,” which includes music from Wagner's “Das Rheingold.” Photo: New Line Cinema 2005 Image 4 of 5 Left to right: Loki (Tom Hiddleston) and Thor (Chris Hemsworth) in THOR, from Paramount Pictures Left to right: Loki (Tom Hiddleston) and Thor (Chris Hemsworth) in THOR, from Paramount Pictures Photo: Paramount Pictures Image 5 of 5 Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd in “What's Opera Doc?” introduced many Baby Boomers to Richard Wagner's operas, especially “Die Walküre.” Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd in “What's Opera Doc?” introduced many Baby Boomers to Richard Wagner's operas, especially “Die Walküre.” Photo: TM & Warner Bros. 1957 The ‘Ring' and pop culture: Think ‘Apocalypse Now' and Bugs Bunny 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
The “Ring” cycle certainly stands alone as a piece of work, but it's also been a frequent reference in American pop culture. Here are a few examples:
Wagner and the cinema: Remember those helicopters as they rode the skies in Francis Ford Coppola's 1979 epic movie “Apocalypse Now,” about the Vietnam War? Well, that was “The Ride of the Valkyries,” which also accompanied D.W. Griffith's 1915 “Birth of a Nation” and was used in 2016's “Florence Foster Jenkins,” starring Meryl Streep. Music from “Das Rheingold” can be heard in such movies as Terrence Malick's “The New World” (2005) and Ridley Scott's “Alien: Covenant” (2017). “Siegfried” music (as well as music from “Die Walküre”) appears in David Cronenberg's 2011 “A Dangerous Method.”
The comics: Yes, the Marvel Universe and other comics have their share of characters from Norse mythology, the basis for Wagner's “Ring.” Think Thor, Valkyrie, Loki and the evil Wotan. There is even a two-volume series of the “Ring,” penned by comic-book artist P. Craig Russell of “Hellboy” and “Coraline” fame.
Speaking of Russell: Anna Russell was an English-Canadian singer known for their parodies, including a 22-minute version of the “Ring.” During their spiel, which included such priceless lines as “I'm not making this up, you know!” in reference to the absurd story line, Russell would sing and play the piano. And on the album “The Ring of the Nibelungs (An Analysis),” there is another parody, “How to Write Your Own Gilbert and Sullivan Opera.” That one weighs in at about 16 minutes.
“What's Opera, Doc?” Many Baby Boomers first heard classical music from the “Merrie Melodies,” including this 1957 gem that featured Elmer Fudd chasing Bugs Bunny to many of Wagner's operas, with a heavy emphasis on “Die Walküre,” the second entry of the “Ring.”
— Leba Hertz
Liverpool took a big step towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semi-final, first leg at Anfield on Tuesday.
Two late Roma goals, however, will give the Italians, who came back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the previous round, some hope of an upset in the return game next Wednesday.
Two superbly taken goals from Mohamed Salah gave Juergen Klopp's side a 2-0 lead at halftime and Liverpool ripped Roma apart after the break.
A Sadio Mane goal and then two Roberto Firmino goals put Liverpool 5-0 up and Klopp felt comfortable enough to take off Salah, who had been outstanding.
Yet Edin Dzeko struck for the visitors in the 81st minute and four minutes later Diego Perotti converted a penalty to generate some tension for the return in Rome.
Bayern Munich and Real Madrid meet in the other semi-final on Wednesday.
The creation of the Judicial and Bar Council is 'an innovation made in response to the public clamor in favor of eliminating politics from the appointment of judges'
Published 6:56 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Among the issues raised during the impeachment hearing against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno were the alleged flaws of the Judicial and Bar Council (JBC).
In their impeachment complaint, lawyer Larry Gadon, accused Sereno of manipulating the JBC short list to exclude former solicitor general Francis Jardeleza. Jardeleza was eventually appointed to the Supreme Court by former president Benigno Aquino III.
House Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas, meanwhile, pointed out the “problems” with the JBC – saying that it had only two elected officials as members and was vulnerable to politics and a “palakasan (patronage)” system. (READ: At Sereno impeachment hearing, Fariñas brings up flaws in JBC)
Created through Article VIII, Section 8 of the 1987 Philippine Constitution, the JBC is the one in charge of screening and scrutinizing court aspirants. Before its creation, how were justices chosen?
Non-transparent process before
The JBC did not exist prior to the 1987 Philippine Constitution.
The 1899 Malolos Constitution allowed a National Assembly to choose who would lead the High Court, with the approval of the Philippine president. From 1902 to 1935, the chief magistrate was appointed by the United States president.
Under the 1935 Constitution, meanwhile, the president appointed all members of the Supreme Court and inferior courts “with the consent of the Commission on Appointments (CA) of the National Assembly.”
The president chose from a list prepared under the supervision of the justice secretary. Many had criticized this process, pointing out that it led to the selection of individuals who were not fit to join but were included because of “connections”.
The list, according to former associate justice and JBC member Regino Hermosisima Jr in 2006, often included “those within the Department of Justice whom the Secretary believes would make good judges, as well as those without the department who are proposed by leaders of the political party to which the President belongs or by other persons who possess a strong influence over the President or the justice secretary.”
Unlike the JBC which publishes the list of candidates for interview and eventually the short list, the prior process did not require the public release of the final list and nominations to the Supreme Court.
While the Supreme Court existed when Martial Law was declared by then president Ferdinand Marcos, the 1973 Philippine Constitution changed the process of selection and eventual appointment of aspirants.
The appointment was left in the hands of Marcos and did not require the approval of other government bodies such as the legislative. This move was highly criticized due to its lack of transparency and independence – a staple under the dictatorship.
“The Constitution and the law then had not improved the method by which justices, judges and prosecutors were selected or promoted and were not encouraged to maintain the quality of their work,” Hermosisima said. “The law functioned negatively, not positively, that is, it was designed to keep unqualified misfits out, not to bring the best and the brightest lawyers into the judiciary.”
More ‘transparent' under the JBC
Responding to the flawed system, members of the Constitutional Commission made sure to improve the selection process in the 1987 Philippine Constitution.
The JBC is “vested with great responsibility” to ensure that the applicants possess the necessary qualifications for positions as identified in various laws, specifically the Constitution. (READ: EXPLAINER: How the Judicial and Bar Council works)
The council, however, also screens individuals aiming to lead the office of the Ombudsman, Deputy Ombudsman, Special Prosecutor, and the offices of the Chairperson and Regular Members of the Legal Education Board.
The council meets, usually months in advance if the retirement is expected, to discuss proceedings and deadlines as any vacancy in the judiciary needs to be filled within 90 days, by virtue of Article VIII, Section 4.
A list containing all candidates is then published after the deadline of applications. To further push for transparency, the JBC encourages the public to report information about the candidates that could help the council in screening the applicants.
The council then comes up with a list of individuals who will go through a public interview. To be considered for nomination to the short list that will be submitted to the President, an applicant should obtain an affirmative vote from at least 4 members of the JBC.
It is from the short list where the President will choose the new justice. Unlike the system under the 1935 Philippine Constitution, the Commission on Appointments does not need to confirm the appointees because they already went through the JBC process.
While there have been controversies in the past concerning the JBC – such as when presidents aired sentiments against the short list – the process definitely improved compared to the time when there was a lack, if not absence of, transparency prior to the 1987 Philippine Constitution. – Rappler.com
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — A man who confessed to a string of rapes and murders with their brother and now wants to be released from an Ohio prison is due back in court.
Attorneys for Nathaniel Cook say a plea deal signed nearly 20 years ago forces the court to order their release this year. A judge plans to hold a hearing Thursday in Toledo, when they could decide whether to free Cook.
The judge has ordered Cook to undergo evaluations, but they said last month that more information was needed before they could make a decision about their release.
An agreement with prosecutors two decades ago forced Nathaniel Cook to admit they killed three people while their brother confessed to killing five others in the 1980s.
Their brother is serving two life sentences.
Comments
comments
Senate President Pro-Tempore Ralph Recto says the proposed hiring of more than 3,000 employees could be crucial in boosting the Bureau of Customs' performance
Published 10:30 PM, August 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte is asking Congress to allocate an additional P4.2 billion to help the Bureau of Customs (BOC) expand its workforce, said Senate President Pro-Tempore Ralph Recto in a statement on Saturday, August 12.
The request, stated in the President's Budget Message for fiscal year 2018, will fund the hiring of more than 3,000 employees to double the BOC's workforce. It also aims to finance the bureau's restructuring, boost personnel skills, improve systems, and modernize facilities.
Lodged under the BOC's "special purpose fund," the additional budget being sought is on top of the bureau's proposed P3.6-billion budget for 2018.
The request comes amid the controversy surrounding the BOC in relation to P6.4 billion worth of shabu from China smuggled into the Philippines. The illegal drugs made it past the bureau and were later seized during a raid at a Valenzuela City warehouse.
Ongoing congressional probes into the issue have so far highlighted the alleged involvement of several BOC officials in smuggling, after they were tagged by broker Mark Ruben Taguba.
Taguba also claimed that BOC officials name-dropped Davao City Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte, son of the President. The vice mayor had earlier been linked by former Davao City police officer Arthur Lascañas to a shipment of shabu also from China. (READ: Paolo Duterte a 'smuggler'? Trillanes releases documents anew)
Recto said they support Duterte's request if it will result in reforms and measurable goals, pointing out that the BOC is one of the government's sources of funds.
"If BOC hires 1,000, and then spends P1.4 billion for their salaries, but if in return they will be able to collect, say, just 10%, or P16.5 billion, of the taxes lost to smuggling, then it is a good return [on] investment," the senator said.
"Although mired in controversy, let us not lose sight of the fact that the BOC is a strategic agency which funds public services ... The government will not be able to deliver on its promises to the people if its second biggest supplier of funds is broken, malfunctioning, and damaged," they added. – Rappler.com
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
IT WAS CAVAN'S Laura Corrigan Duryea and Melbourne FC who came out on top as the two Irish representatives in the Australian Football League Women's (AFLW) came head-to-head earlier.
The Demons snatched the opening round victory at the death against Cora Staunton's Greater Western Sydney (GWS) at Casey Fields, Richelle Cranston sealing the win with their third second-half goal as the clock ran down.
The difference at the end of the thrilling encounter was six points and the scoreline finished up 7.3 (45) to 6.3 (39)
GWS started the brightest of the sides and settled into the game the fastest, notching up a 3.0 (18) to 1.3 (9) lead by half-time.
GOAL for Cora Staunton in the first quarter of AFLW 2.0! Not a bad way to start the debut! #aflw #arfliw pic.twitter.com/vxvClF4BRy — ARFLI Womens (@arfliwomens) February 3, 2018
And although they were on the losing side, Mayo legend Cora Staunton impressed throughout.
They became the first international recruit to kick a goal in the AFLW in the first quarter and was highly praised on social media for a tackle on Melbourne star Daisy Pearce.
The AFL's official website are reporting that a film crew have assembled Down Under to record the code-hopping exploits of the 11-time All-Star.
How good was that from Cora Staunton!!! First goal kicked by an International Recruit in the #AFLW. Outstanding stuff. — Andy Maher (@AndyMaherDFA) February 3, 2018 Source: Andy Maher /Twitter
Caught the replays of last night's #AFLW games. Lots of excitement and yes, the quality is getting better.
How about Cora Staunton. She's like a fish in water, looked completely composed. — Brian Barrish (@BarrishUSAFL) February 3, 2018 Source: Brian Barrish /Twitter
“I think they got lost a couple of times on running patterns, but it's not surprising when you're trying to learn the game in eight weeks,” coach Alan McConnell said of the Carnacon shapshooter.
“She hasn't had a full pre-season, they missed the first two weeks because their team went all the way through to an All-Ireland final.
“But we're so glad we have them They bring something to the team. When you have a list that has 14 new players on it, you need a level of maturity to bring them together and they play as a team and I'm really proud of them.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
There's an ever-increasing number of understudies presently looking who can ‘do my assignment Australia' on the web. That is nothing unexpected when they're under more weight than any other time in recent memory to perform. When you simply require some assistance hitting your due dates, excellentassignmenthelp.com.au is here to help. We encourage school and college understudies get the most ideal evaluations while taking the weight off their shoulders so they can really make the most of their years in instruction.
There are loads of reasons why understudies would search for an expert organization and ask ‘Would I be able to pay somebody to do my assignment?' The appropriate response is yes, yes they can. They might fill in and additionally be examining, and attempt to discover an opportunity to fit both in. They might battle with the material and can't book an instructional exercise with their educator. They may even simply have an excessive number of due dates without a moment's delay and need a touch of breathing room. Australian understudies require some assistance, and we're here to give it.
Task Services we Offer
Here at Essay Roo, we offer a wide range of Assignment Writing Services. In the event that you've been asking ‘Who can do my assignments on the web?' the appropriate response is that we can. The administration's Excellent Assignment Help offer includes:
– Assignment composing: Our Australia based authors will take your task subject and compose the best response for you, utilizing any data that you need to offer them to make it individual to you.
– Rewriting: Found a piece that would work incredibly well in your task reply? Our best journalists will modify it so it can finish any literary theft test.
– Editing: If you've officially composed the task yet need it looked at, we can do that. Simply send it to us and we'll alter it until its ideal.
Our experts make the best assignments
‘Things being what they are, the reason will do my task for me Australia?'
We're happy you inquired. We have an extraordinary group of authors who are altogether situated in Oz and prepared to take your requests. They're all exceedingly prepared in their fields, and numerous have earned their PhDs or Masters Degrees. They're talented in all things, from programming to nursing.
When you put in a request for somebody to do your task, you'll be coordinated with somebody with the correct abilities for you. They would then be able to begin composing the article you require, with your information. You'll have contacted the entire route through, so you'll realize what sort of paper you're getting.
Our assurances to you
Things being what they are, how would you realize that we're genuine? Since we influence ensures when you to state ‘I need to pay somebody to do my task.' We're the best Aussie composing site out there, and it appears.
– 100% cash back: When you say you're sitting tight for somebody who's doing my task', you need to know you're getting the most ideal work. We request that you check the work you get, and in case you're not cheerful you recover your cash, no inquiries inquired.
– Plagiarism free: Our dependable journalists never utilize a paper twice. You're getting a unique paper, each time you request that we ‘complete my assignments for me.'
– Privacy ensured: All your information is encoded and put away safely. It will never be sold on to outsiders, so your character is protected by us.
‘I require somebody to Do my Assignment for Me!' Then you're in the opportune place. Connect with us, and we'll be cheerful to give you a charge quote. We're significantly more moderate than you'd suspect, and we'll give you an administration that you'll cherish. Continue returning, and we can even give you rebates!
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
The Woodlands Cultural, Community and Visitors Centre will emerge as one of Norseman's linchpin tourist attractions as the town seeks to diversify from its traditional gold mining economy, Shire of Dundas president Laurene Bonza says.
Councillors will discuss the long-awaited centre's concept design, canvassed by Esperance-based building group Cartman Designs, at tonight's council meeting before detailed architectural drawings are developed.
Cartman has tipped construction costs to total up to $2.2 million, with other charges — including a $200,000 professional fee — expected to bring the overall cost to $2.6 million. According to council planning documents, the Shire has scheduled to start construction at the site on 78 Prinsep Street by February 15 next year and the works to be completed by December 20.
Speaking to the Kalgoorlie Miner ahead of tonight's meeting, Cr Bonza repeated the planned centre's importance to Norseman.
“It is going to be a community space as well as an avenue to direct tourism into our area,” they said.
“We have to look at something that is alternate to mining.
“It is a finite resource and eventually the mines all disappear, so we need something left at the end.
“We will head down this path as a means of diversification.”
The Federal Government has poured $449,738 into the development, while Lotterywest has supplied $430,000 in funding.
In December, 2016, former regional development minister Terry Redman announced the centre would be bolstered by $1.6 million in Royalties for Regions money through the Goldfields-Esperance Revitalisation Fund.
After the change of State government, the funding remained in limbo in the wake of the release of Premier Mark McGowan's maiden State Budget.
However, Regional Development Minister Alannah MacTiernan confirmed in September the pledge would be upheld.
Once complete, the Shire says the centre will “add to the quality life in Norseman” and “accommodate for business opportunity and the sharing of arts, culture and heritage”.
The Paris hospital where the young woman died. Photo: AFP
A young British woman has died in Paris after taking a substance they believed to be cocaine but turned out to be the new psychedelic 'N-bomb' drug, according to reports. It is the first death in France related to the dangerous new designer drug.
The young woman aged in their 20s inhaled some white powder given to them by one of their friends at a flat in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, French newspaper Le Journal de Dimanche reported.
According to reports they believed the substance was cocaine but in fact it was a dangerous new hallucinogenic drug, 25I-NBOMe, more widely known as "N-Bomb".
The incident happened on Saturday April 29th but the tragic story has only emerged this week.
After spending 11 days in a coma brought on by the drug the woman in their late 20s, who worked in marketing in London, died in Lariboisière Hospital in Paris's 10th arrondissment.
The victim knew Paris well and often visited the French capital to meet up with one of their close friends, also British, who has been living in France for several years, the French press reported.
The victim's last Instagram post was taken at Wanderlust, a trendy nightclub on the quai d'Austerlitz in the 13th arrondissment, the night before they took the killer drug.
Them friend is currently under judicial supervision after having been charged with manslaughter and drugs offences.  They are likely to face a trial in the future.
French drug squad officers are on the hunt for the suppliers.
The father of the young woman believes their daughter was the victim of a "tragic accident" and not of a murder, they told Le Journal de Dimanche.
The new NBOMe drug, discovered in 2003 by a scientist in Berlin, first appeared in France in 2013 and has been classed as an illegal drug since November 2015.
While it has been blamed for the deaths of tens of people around the world, including at least four in Europe, in Belgium, Poland and the United Kingdom, this is the first instance of the drug leading to someone's death in France.
However reports say there are more and more cases of young being hospitalized after taking new psychedelic substances that are often sold, very cheaply over the internet.
The drugs information site Talk to Frank says: "N-Bombs (members of the NBOMe 'family' of drugs) are powerful hallucinogens, similar to LSD,which means it changes the way you see objects and reality.
One of its distinctive traits is that 25I-NBOMe cannot always be detected by toxicology examinations.
One of the drug's particular dangers is how easy it is to overdose. Users say its negative effect can lead to convulsions, paranoia and palpitations.
The website Drug Free World adds: "Effects of only a tiny amount of the drug can last for up to 12 hours or longer. A dose of 750 micrograms, considered an average to high dose, is about the size of six small grains of regular table salt."
FILE - In this July 15, 2017, file photo, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk responds to a question by Nevada Republican Gov. Brian Sandoval during the closing plenary session entitled "Introducing the New Chairs Initiative - Ahead" on the third day of the National Governors Association's meeting in Providence, R.I. Tesla says it's put together a 10-year compensation package for Musk that pays them based on certain market cap and operational milestones they hit - otherwise they get nothing. The electric vehicle maker says Tuesday, Jan. 23, 2018, its market cap would have to grow to $650B for Musk to fully vest. (AP Photo/Stephan Savoia, File)
INTERNATIONAL - Anyone tracking the number of businesses Elon Musk is involved with can add one more to the list: merchandise.
Specifically, a flamethrower. Their tunneling startup, Boring Co., started selling a branded weapon online over the weekend.
Thanks to the billionaire's promotions on Twitter and Instagram, Boring Co. had taken orders for thousands of the $500 flamethrower by Monday. The total now exceeds 10,000 units, worth $5 million, said a spokesperson for the company. Boring Co. plans to sell 20,000 flamethrowers.
Musk embraced the unusual nature of their supervillian-esque side business. They joked on Twitter that the weapons would help in a zombie apocalypse but that he's not secretly raising an undead army to generate demand. They changed their Twitter bio to “Zombie Defender.”
The danger of selling a fire-emitting device and the lighthearted way Musk is treating the topic raised questions about whether it's a joke and the legality of selling such a weapon online. The company says it's serious.
We all get to discover the sheer importance of car key safety only when it comes biting us because of the urgency of the matter. People often do not realize how important is having the assurance that they can enjoy lost key replacement with ease and without experiencing any particular hassles linked to that. This is why we consider having such services available to you as one of the clearest cut displays of privilege and chance. We bring to your attention Detroit Key Replacement a company which thrives on providing ignition repair solutions and lost key replacements to their clients. A well-known player in the market, Detroit Key Replacement has come a long way to build a considerable customer base of devoted individuals who value and cherish the outstanding services of the company on each occasion they find themselves in need of them.
The company is a leader in the market due to revolutionary approach to lost key replacement. The unique approach allowed them to outsmart the competition and to impose their utter domination on said market. Their sheer numbers of customers are a testament to the superiority of their approach compared to their competitors. Even though they are only several years old they have outclassed their competition in every single proving unparalleled sense of innovation and creative thinking which got them to the point where they lead other companies and institutions in their niche. One of the key points which helped shape Detroit Key Replacement into who they are today was their outstanding customer service. With a mission to under promise and over deliver the company has won over numerous customers which have quickly jumped ships from their competitors to Detroit Key Replacement thanks to the way the later treat their customers.
Among the most important services Detroit Key Replacement lists lost key replacement and ignition repair. In conclusion it is needless to say that Detroit Key Replacement are your best choice in case you need a top quality ignition repair. They will surprise you with their swiftness and will offer you by far the best in the country. This totally means that they are your best shot with this and it will be foolish not to allow them to convince you of that themselves.
About company:
Do not hesitate to recommend Detroit Key Replacement to anyone who might require lost key replacement because this company will surprise them in the best way possible. They will do it all swiftly, without fuss and will make sure everyone will be content with their services. After all there is nothing more important to them than the reputation they form and maintaining it with their customers as this is their bread and butter. With this in mind do spread the word about and Detroit Key Replacement let other people enjoy their mastery and craftsmanship. Do while helping a great company grow and establish itself even more.
Company Name: Detroit Key Replacement
Website: http://www.detroitkeyreplacement.com/
Telephone: (313)636-1340
Address: 9154 Livernois Ave Detroit, MI 48204
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
I write about social justice and explore how race, gender, sexuality, and class shape our lives in uneven ways.
The American Bible Society is headquartered next to Independence Mall in Philadelphia. A new policy is stirring backlash among some staff members.
The American Bible Society, a Philadelphia-based nonprofit that translates and distributes Bibles around the world, wants employees to agree to abstain from sex outside marriage — or resign.
In a policy recently made public, the organization also defines marriage as only between a man and a woman. That means LGBT employees could be disqualified from working at the nonprofit. So could sexually active straight employees who live with a partner but are not married.
Employees who don't commit to the terms by Jan. 1, 2019, will be told to resign. The policy is a shift for the organization, which previously did not require staffers to abide by such an agreement.
Up to nine employees have already left, according to a current staffer who has worked at the nonprofit for more than a decade and would be affected because they live with a partner outside of marriage.
“It's pretty much like a firing squad going around,” said the employee, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were concerned the nonprofit would reprimand them for speaking publicly. They said they are looking for other jobs: “You're being forced to fire yourself.”
The policy was announced to employees in December, but it came into the news this week when the Religion News Service reported on it.
The Bible Society defended the policy, known as the “Affirmation of Biblical Community.”
“We realize everyone must live by their or their own conscience and understanding of what God calls their people to do,” Roy Peterson, the nonprofit's president and CEO, said in a statement. “If staff members disagree with the Affirmation of Biblical Community, thus choosing to seek employment elsewhere, we will support their decision and continue to treat them with respect and care in their transition.”
Peterson added that the nonprofit enacted the policy “because we believe a staff made up of people with a deep and personal connection to the Bible will bring unity and clarity as we continue our third century of ministry.”
The employee who spoke to the Inquirer and Daily News on Wednesday said staffers had generally signed a core values statement that emphasized principles such as unity and integrity, but nothing that primarily affected LGBT and unmarried staffers. The nonprofit's new policy, they said, is much more extreme.
The policy is carefully worded. It does not mention LGBT people but says:
I will seek to refrain from sexual activity outside of the marriage covenant prescribed and exemplified in the Bible: “a man will leave their father and mother and unite with their wife, and the two will become one,” symbolizing the relationship between Christ and Their Church (Matthew 19:5; Ephesians 5:31).
The policy also states:
I will seek to treat all persons with love and respect, even if I disagree with their values, attitudes, and behaviors (1 Peter 2:17; Matthew 7:12).
Philadelphia has a law that prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race, religion, or sexual orientation. Whether the society's policy violates that law, however, is complicated.
The law, known as the fair practices ordinance, has an exemption for religious institutions that hire people to perform work connected with religious activities. According to that exemption:
It shall not be an unlawful employment practice for an employer to express a preference on the basis of religion, sex, or national origin in those certain instances where religion, sex, or national origin is a bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of that particular business or enterprise.
No one has filed a complaint against the Bible Society with the city's Commission on Human Relations, which enforces the law.
The Bible Society, founded in 1816, is headquartered across from Independence Mall near Fifth and Market Streets. It announced last year it was building a $60 million center across from the Mall devoted to the importance and influence of the Bible in American life.
Market Scenario:
The cloud enterprise resource planning market is increasing at a fast pace due to advancement in technology and internet of things. The cloud ERP market has numerous advantages which includes cloud ERP being cheaper up front, stable and easy to use. The cloud software is hosted on the vendor's servers and accessed through a web browser. Growing organizations that want to use ERP as a multi-tiered strategy, cloud ERP is now a compelling option. Two key reasons to consider the cloud as a vital solution include: lower capital expenditures and a significant decrease on IT cost.
The global Cloud ERP market is expected to grow approximately at USD 28 Billion by 2022, at approx. 8% of CAGR between 2016 and 2022.
The Cloud ERP Market is segmented on the basis of deployment type, vertical and organization size. By deployment type segment consists of public, private and hybrid. A public cloud is one based on the standard cloud computing model, in which a service provider makes resources, such as applications and storage, available to the general public over the Internet. Public cloud services may be free or offered on a pay-per-usage model.
Request a Copy of Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2756
Major Key Players:
Microsoft Corporation (U.S.)
Oracle Corporation (U.S.)
SAP SE (Germany)
Infor (U.S.)
Ramco Systems (India)
IBM Corporation (U.S.)
Sage Group Plc. (U.K.)
Netsuite Inc. (U.S.)
otvs S.A. (Brazil)
Syspro (South Africa)
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of transport predictive analytics market is being studied for region such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. North America is expected to have the largest market share and dominate the cloud ERP market, due to the presence of large number of cloud ERP solution vendors and early innovative technology adopters across the U.S. and Canada.
Asia-Pacific includes emerging economies, such as China, Japan, and India, which are rapidly transforming into business hubs with the regional expansion of global enterprises and the emergence of large number of small and medium enterprises.
Study Objectives of Cloud ERP Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the cloud ERP market.
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the cloud ERP market based porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment on the basis of deployment type, organization size and vertical.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the cloud ERP market.
Segments:
Cloud ERP Market for segment on the basis of deployment type, organization size and vertical.
Cloud ERP Market by Deployment Type:
Public
Private
Hybrid
Cloud ERP Market by Organization Size:
Small and Medium Enterprises
Large Enterprises
Cloud ERP Market by Vertical:
Manufacturing
BFSI
Healthcare
Retail
Government
Aerospace & Defense
IT and Telecommunications
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud-erp-market-2756
Intended Audience:
Cloud service providers
Investors and consultants
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology solution providers
Automotive Sector
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
MOUNT PLEASANT, Wis. (AP) - Property owners in southeastern Wisconsin who believe they won't be fully compensated for land Foxconn Technology Group needs to build a $10 billion plant are appealing a ruling dismissing their case.
A dozen property owners filed a federal lawsuit in January alleging the village of Mount Pleasant's use of eminent domain is unconstitutional because it is for private rather than public benefit. They say the offers for their properties are too low.
A federal judge dismissed the suit this month, calling it "not cognizable."
The Journal Times reports that the property owners' attorney filed the appeal Tuesday.
An attorney for the village says the legal appeal won't stop the project.
The Taiwanese company's plant will manufacture advanced liquid crystal display panels.
___
Information from: The Journal Times, http://www.journaltimes.com
♥Love ¥Money ♣Luck
ARIES
March 20 – April 18
♥♥ ¥¥¥¥ ♣♣♣
The beginning of June brings a sigh of relief. It signals graduation dates and soon, the longest day of summer. Sunshine is a favored treat. Since clouds can show up, the stars create a balance. Mercury trines Mars, and Venus trines Jupiter. You're revved up, ready for an adventure. Travel, romance, and a treasure chest of experiences lines up for you. You move fast and look gorgeous.
TAURUS
April 19 – May 19
♥♥♥♥ ¥¥ ♣♣♣
You stand firm for your interests, and can outwait those who resist. You'll think of a million ways to distract yourself while you do. Mercury trines Mars, a positive aspect. You may channel a few stellar comments. Then Venus trines Jupiter. You attract more admiration than you might actually want. Though it could help large amounts of money find you, too.
GEMINI
May 20– June 20
♥♥♥♥ ¥¥¥ ♣♣♣♣
Happy Birthday energy continues for Gemini. Mercury, your ruler, connects with the Sun. It's so relaxing to have your head and your heart in alignment. Venus is in your sector of finances. If you're with a trustworthy Cancer, so much the better. You may take a risk because you feel you can make something happen. And you are right!
CANCER
June 21 – July 21
♥♥♥♥ ¥¥¥ ♣♣♣
Ceres in your finance sector backs up your income. You're forging new ground, so your money is safer. Venus in Cancer makes your energy field irresistible. Enjoy the attention. Mercury trines Mars, bringing dreams of exotic travel and whom you might meet. Venus trines Jupiter, which means this could happen, and in a luxurious environment, too.
LEO
July 22 – August 22
♥♥♥ ¥¥¥ ♣♣♣♣
The Sun hasn't arrived in your sign, but summer is glorious for Leo. For now you can let your worries melt. If some straggler keeps clinging, gently release it and move on. Ceres makes sure you're taken care of. Mercury trines Mars. You feel proud of the person who holds your heart. Venus trines Jupiter. Secrets offer luxury and love, without the interruptions you've had before.
VIRGO
August 23 – September 21
♥♥♥ ¥¥ ♣♣♣♣
Ruler Mercury connects with the Sun. Your career gets a boost, as does your confidence. Mercury trines Mars, too. Geminis may feel more energy. You have the focus to put yourself first, taking care of your diet, exercise, and love life. Mars has a way of doing that. Venus trines Jupiter, just in case you feel you'd like to declare yourself. Onward ho!
LIBRA
September 22 – October 22
♥♥♥ ¥¥¥ ♣♣♣
Ruler Venus showers you with sparkles and love. The only thing is, it may have to be a secret for a while. Then Venus trines Neptune, and you can't help but daydream. When Pluto opposes Venus, there's a stumbling block. Someone in authority may not understand your Venusian vision. Luckily, your heart communicates its importance. You can move forward.
SCORPIO
October 23 – November 21
♥♥ ¥¥¥¥ ♣♣♣
There's a whole lot of talking going on. Mercury influences all you hold near and dear when it comes to inheritance, loss, and what is yours on a celestial basis. It connects with the Sun, bringing an ego boost, and shining its brightest light in your sector of partnerships. What you share becomes a personal treasure. Venus trines Jupiter. This is a loving, luxurious transit.
SAGITTARIUS
November 22 – December 20
♥♥♥♥ ¥¥ ♣♣♣
What was scary is just the new normal. What a surprise, freedom-loving Sagittarius, willing to take on so much. With Saturn in your finance sector, your investments grow. Mercury trines Mars. A relationship you were about to give up on brings new enthusiasm. Venus trines Jupiter. Something you haven't been able to put your finger on will still work out well.
CAPRICORN
December 21 – January 18
♥♥ ¥¥¥¥ ♣♣♣
You're well set to dig in your heels, if need be. Dark Moon Lilith in Capricorn conjures up your requests. Think the universe is solid? Rest assured it is not. Even cement has to make way for shocks (earthquakes and ‘progress'). Mercury trines Mars to get things moving. Venus trines Jupiter to give you a well-deserved, even luxurious, break. Let yourself indulge.
AQUARIUS
January 19 – February 17
♥♥ ¥¥¥¥ ♣♣
You're up, you're down, you're more than reasonable. Ruler Uranus takes you on quite a ride. Luckily there are gifts from the stars. Mercury trines Mars, making goals easy to reach. Your energy has a way of coming out of nowhere. Venus trines Jupiter, a stellar blessing. Especially if you're on a financial roll, or are choosing to see where romance takes you.
PISCES
February 18 – March 19
♥♥♥♥♥ ¥¥ ♣♣♣
Feeling the impact? Mercury trines Mars. You start out busy, rational as can be. Then Venus trines Jupiter, putting you in the midst of a grand trine. Without realizing it, you may have entered the feeling zone. Let the universe do something nice for you. It's all about love glowing with a luxurious touch. If these specifics aren't your thing, well, it's always nice to be invited!
Longview Power to explore strategic alternatives for 700MW coal-fired plant
Longview Power, the owner and operator of a 700MW coal-fired power plant in West Virginia said that it is exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible refinancing of its existing senior secured debt.
Longview Power has engaged Houlihan Lokey, Inc. as financial advisor to assist in evaluating strategic alternatives.
Longview Power CEO Jeff Keffer said: "Longview Power, the most efficient and one of the cleanest coal-fired power plants in the United States, has performed during the past months at an industry-leading 100% capacity factor, even under the most demanding circumstances, such as during the recent 'cyclone bomb,' an extreme weather event when over 23 GW of capacity was offline in PJM."
Keffer further added: "Longview Power's recent strategic initiative to source all its coal from low-cost regional mines producing higher quality fuel has further enhanced Longview Power's stature as the region's lowest cost, most reliable coal powered energy generator.
“In light of these recent events, and Longview's performance, Longview has decided to explore strategic alternatives."
Longview Power is privately owned by institutional investors and management including KKR, its principal investor through its credit funds.
KKR has been highly supportive throughout the past few years as Longview Power has improved and enhanced its generating facility.
KKR is a leading global investor with over 41 years of experience, and $168 billion in assets under management and a strong record of performance.
Houlihan Lokey, Inc. is a global investment bank with expertise in mergers and acquisitions, capital markets, financial restructuring, valuation, and strategic consulting.
Source: Company Press Release
The remnants of former Tropical Depression 02W still lingered in the South China Sea when NASA's Terra satellite passed overhead on April 17.
Tropical Depression 02W made landfall along the east coast of the eastern Visayas around 1500 UTC/11 a.m. EST) on Saturday, April 15, 2017. At 0900 UTC (5 a.m. EST) Tropical Depression 02W had maximum sustained winds near 25 knots as it neared the eastern Philippines. At that time, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center issued their final bulletin on the storm and said that satellite imagery showed weak development of thunderstorms and that bands of thunderstorms were diminishing. It was centered near 11.4 degrees north latitude and 125.9 degrees east longitude, about 373 nautical miles east-southeast of Manila, Philippines, was moving to the west-northwest and moved in that direction over the central Philippines
The depression weakened to a remnant low pressure area as it passed over Eastern Visayas, Bikol and Mimiropa regions of the Philippines and exited into the South China Sea.
On Monday, April 17, the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer aboard NASA's Terra satellite captured a visible image of the clouds associated with the remnant low pressure area. The image showed an elongated area of clouds over the South China Sea.
On April 17 at 1700 UTC (1 p.m. EST) the center of the remnant low pressure area was located near 14.9 degrees north latitude and 116.9 degrees east longitude, about 230 nautical miles west of Manila, Philippines. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) noted that it has a compact closed circulation moving to the west.
JTWC noted that wind shear and drier air are expected to prevent re-intensification.
###
Intravenous System Access Devices Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Intravenous System Access Devices Market by product type (peripheral, central catheter), application type (medication, diagnostic testing), route of administration type (subcutaneous and intravenous), end-users (hospitals, clinics and ambulatory surgery centers) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Intravenous System Access Devices Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market are CareFusion Corporation, Teleflex Incorporated, Smiths Medical, Baxter Internationa, Becton, Dickinson & Company, Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co, KGaA, Braun Melsungen AG, Covidien Plc and Medtronic, Inc. According to the report the Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 5.8% in terms of value over the period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/130
The Tremendous Rise in Number of Surgeries is Significantly Contributing to the Market Growth, as Surgeries Require Intravenous Access Devices for the Purpose of Medication and Anesthetics
Intravenous system access devices are small, flexible tubes inserted into arteries or veins, to deliver medication. These devices are used by physicians for treating patient as well as testing blood after withdrawing it via intravenous route. Intravenous system access devices are used for faster delivery of nutrients, fluids and drugs such as antibiotics, analgesics and antipyretics at the site of inflammation i.e. vein. Moreover, these devices are also used for blood transfusion and the correction of electrolyte imbalance. Intravenous access devices include both central and peripheral intravenous catheters.
Technological Advancements across the Globe is Further Supporting the Growth of Intravenous Access Devices Market
Global intravenous system market is majorly driven by the factors such as increasing incidences of diseases such as cancer and tuberculosis (TB), increase in number of surgeries across the globe and growing geriatric population. Moreover, tremendous rise in number of surgeries is significantly contributing to the market growth, as surgeries require intravenous access devices for the purpose of medication and anesthetics. Furthermore, technological advancements across the globe is further supporting the growth of intravenous access devices market. However, the major challenge faced by intravenous system access devices market is various complications related to intravenous access devices that are likely to limit the growth of this market. Moreover, growing geriatric population that is highly susceptible to asupervisorstioned diseases are likely to bring more opportunities to this market for major player and new entrants.
Segment Covered
The report on global intravenous system access devices market covers segments such as, product type, application type, route of administration type and end-users. On the basis of product type the global intravenous system access devices market is categorized into peripheral catheter and central catheter. On the basis of application type the global intravenous system access devices market is categorized into medication administration, administration of fluids and nutrients, transfusion of blood products and diagnostic testing. On the basis of route of administration type the global intravenous system access devices market is categorized into subcutaneous and intravenous. On the basis of end-users the global intravenous system access devices market is categorized into hospitals, clinics and ambulatory surgery centers.
North America to Witness the Highest Growth during the Forecast Period
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017-2023.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Premium Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global intravenous system access devices market such as, CareFusion Corporation, Teleflex Incorporated, Smiths Medical, Baxter Internationa, Becton, Dickinson & Company, Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co, KGaA, Braun Melsungen AG, Covidien Plc and Medtronic, Inc.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market
4. Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Product Type
4.1. Peripheral Catheter
4.1.1. PIV Catheter
4.1.2. Midline Catheter
4.2. Central Catheter
4.2.1. PICC
4.2.2. CVC
4.2.3. Dialysis Catheter
4.2.4. Implantable Catheter
4.2.5. Accessories
5. Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Application Type
5.1. Medication Administration
5.2. Administration of Fluids and Nutrients
5.3. Transfusion of Blood Products
5.4. Diagnostic Testing
6. Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Route of Administration Type
6.1. Subcutaneous
6.2. Intravenous
7. Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market by End-Users
7.1. Hospitals
7.2. Clinics
7.3. Ambulatory Surgery Centers
8. Global Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Region 2017-2023
8.1. North America
8.1.1. North America Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Product Type
8.1.2. North America Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Application Type
8.1.3. North America Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Route of Administration Type
8.1.4. North America Intravenous System Access Devices Market by End-users
8.1.5. North America Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Country
8.2. Europe
8.2.1. Europe Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Product Type
8.2.2. Europe Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Application Type
8.2.3. Europe Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Route of Administration Type
8.2.4. Europe Intravenous System Access Devices Market by End-users
8.2.5. Europe Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Country
8.3. Asia-Pacific
8.3.1. Asia-Pacific Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Product Type
8.3.2. Asia-Pacific Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Application Type
8.3.3. Asia-Pacific Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Route of Administration Type
8.3.4. Asia-Pacific Intravenous System Access Devices Market by End-users
8.3.5. Asia-Pacific Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Country
8.4. RoW
8.4.1. RoW Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Product Type
8.4.2. RoW Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Application Type
8.4.3. RoW Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Route of Administration Type
8.4.4. RoW Intravenous System Access Devices Market by End-users
8.4.5. RoW Intravenous System Access Devices Market by Sub-region
9. Company Covered
9.1. CareFusion Corporation
9.2. Teleflex Incorporated
9.3. Smiths Medical
9.4. Baxter Internationa
9.5. Becton, Dickinson & Company
9.6. Fresenius Medical Care Ag & Co
9.7. KGaA
9.8. Braun Melsungen AG
9.9. Covidien Plc
9.10. Medtronic, Inc.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_intravenous_system_access_devices_market
A line of severe thunderstorms moved out of Texas and across the South on Monday, bringing flash flooding, power outages and wind damage.
Wind damage was reported in a band across central Louisiana and into southern Mississippi, although no injuries or deaths were immediately reported.
Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas in the morning. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state.
National Weather Service forecasters said that at least some of the damage may have been caused by tornadoes.
“It was obviously wind damage,” said Johnathan Brazzell of the Weather Service's Lake Charles, Louisiana, office. “Whether it was straight-line winds or tornadoes, that will have to be determined through a field survey.”
Louisiana utilities reported more than 45,000 customers without power early Monday afternoon, while Mississippi utilities reported power was out to more than 23,000 customers.
Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday.
It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas, especially along the Gulf Coast. Although flood warnings were posted for many areas, Brazzell said it appeared flooding would be “minor,” with few impacts to structures.
The Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma, said that 6.9 million people in large parts Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama is at the highest risk of storms Monday. The area included several large cities such as New Orleans; Jackson, Mississippi; and Mobile, Alabama.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
TORONTO, Tuesday, April 24, 2018- New research from York University's Faculty of Health shows cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) can help children with autism manage not only anxiety but other emotional challenges, such as sadness and anger.
Led by Jonathan Weiss, associate professor in the Department of Psychology, Faculty of Health and CIHR Chair in Autism Spectrum Disorders Treatment and Care Research, the study shows CBT can lead to significant improvements in children's emotional regulation. It also shows - for the first time - that CBT can improve more than just anxiety.
This is the first transdiagnostic CBT trial for children with autism, employing a randomized controlled trial.
Approximately 70 per cent of children with autism will struggle with some form of emotional challenge. About half of these children will struggle with anxiety and another 25 to 40 per cent will struggle with other emotional challenges such as anger or depression. In fact, there is a high co-occurrence among these conditions.
"We can use this same intervention to improve children's skills more broadly regardless of what emotional challenge they have," says Weiss. "We can make them more resilient to many emotional and mental health issues."
Sixty-eight children from 8 to 12 years of age and their parents, mostly mothers, participated in the study and were randomly assigned to two groups: one group receiving 10 sessions beginning right away and another group waiting to receive treatment later. Researchers tracked how their emotions and behaviour changed prior to and after treatment.
"We showed that children who received this treatment right away improved in their ability to manage their emotions, and in overall mental health problems, versus kids who were waiting for treatment," says Weiss.
A clinician who was not involved in the direct provision of the treatment and did not know if children were in the treatment or waitlist group rated 74% of children receiving treatment as improved, compared to only 31% of those in the waitlist group.
The treatment consisted of time-limited spy-themed cognitive behavioural therapy involving a computer program, games and tools to help build the child's emotional toolkit. The tools help children face situations that may have previously been challenging, head-on and in a more supportive way. During the intervention, parents also practice what they are learning with their children and serve as co-therapists in the therapy sessions.
"We believe that children grow and develop and improve within the context of healthy families and this intervention aids to help the family unit more broadly to be the agent of change."
Researchers are now looking at how this intervention can be used for other neurodevelopmental conditions that often overlap with autism, such as ADHD.
###
This study was funded by the CIHR Chair in ASD Treatment and Care Research, in partnership with Health Canada, Kids Brain Health Network, Autism Speaks Canada, the Sinneave Family Foundation, and the Canadian ASD Alliance with additional funding from York University.
The study is published in The Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry.
Media contact: Anjum Nayyar, York University Media Relations, 416 736 2100 ext. 44543 anayyar@yorku.ca York University champions new ways of thinking that drive teaching and research excellence. Our students receive the education they need to create big ideas that make an impact on the world. Meaningful and sometimes unexpected careers result from cross-disciplinary programming, innovative course design and diverse experiential learning opportunities. York students and graduates push limits, achieve goals and find solutions to the world's most pressing social challenges, empowered by a strong community that opens minds. York U is an internationally recognized research university - our 11 faculties and 25 research centres have partnerships with 200+ leading universities worldwide. Located in Toronto, York is the third largest university in Canada, with a strong community of 53,000 students, 7,000 faculty and administrative staff, and more than 300,000 alumni.
York U's fully bilingual Glendon Campus is home to Southern Ontario's Centre of Excellence for French Language and Bilingual Postsecondary Education.
ATHENS, Greece (AP) - A Greek prosecutor has ordered an investigation into allegations of financial mismanagement in the local branch of UNICEF.
UNICEF said last week it was "terminating its arrangements" with its national committee in Greece "due to concerns arising out of a recent independent audit."
UNICEF said in a statement it has concluded that "the necessary reforms" in the Greek committee won't be achieved. It offered no further details.
An Athens prosecutor ordered the probe Tuesday following claims by the head of UNICEF's Greek committee that an audit of the local branch's finances revealed alleged mismanagement.
UNICEF has said it will continue its work with children in Greece through its regional office for Europe and central Asia, in collaboration with the Greek government and civil society partners.
A federal judge is set to hear arguments in the case involving the proposed construction of a resort near a ski area in southern Colorado.
The Durango Herald reports the hearing has been scheduled for Wednesday in Denver.
Environmental groups have sued to halt a land swap that would allow construction of the development after the U.S. Forest Service approved the deal in 2014. The groups said the agency unlawfully limited the scope of an environmental assessment for the development near the Wolf Creek Ski Area.
Texas billionaire B.J. “Red” McCombs has been trying to build the resort since the 1980s.
Court filings from the developer argue the resort wouldn't have an impact on the wilderness of Wolf Creek Pass.
But environmentalists say it will disturb wildlife and negatively impact the Rio Grande River.
× Former Pittston Mayor, Friend of Wounded Congressman, Shocked by Shooting
PITTSTON — The member of congress from Louisiana shot Wednesday morning near Washington D.C. has ties to our region.
U.S. Representative Steve Scalise is a close ally of a mayor from Luzerne County.
Former Pittston Mayor Michael Lombardo grew up in New Orleans. He's been friends with Congressman Steve Scalise of Louisiana since they were in elementary school.
Lombardo says they aren't prepared for the news they heard early Wednesday.
“‘My wife called me and said, ‘you have to come downstairs.”'
Michael Lombardo saw video of the shooting's aftermath then learned their lifelong friend from childhood, Congressman Steve Scalise, was shot.
“When it's somebody you know, boy, you start thinking about all those things. You don't know how serious it is,” said Lombardo.
U.S. Representative Lou Barletta of Hazleton has played in the congressional baseball game the last six years. They decided not to this year.
But they can't help thinking about what would happen if they changed their mind and showed up to practice this morning
By phone from Washington D.C., they told Newswatch 16 they feel both lucky and horrible.
“It doesn't make me feel any better because these are my friends, and to think that members of Congress could be sitting ducks like that, and what could have happened today is very, very sad for me,” said Rep. Barletta.
“It's just a rough day,” said Lombardo.
Lombardo is a Democrat and is thinking about their childhood friend, the Republican member of congress from Louisiana.
Lombardo and Scalise's friendship included attending each other's weddings and helping each other's political careers.
‘You look at Steve, he's moved up through the ranks. He's experienced some difficult things, he's been through Katrina.”
Lombardo is also thinking of the long and painful recovery their friend faces.
“The divide has never been uglier and bigger than it is. So whether you're a Democrat or a Republican, you need to wake up.,” they added.
Lombardo and Congressman Barletta both believe the anger-filled atmosphere of politics has a harder edge than ever though they can't say it sparked this shooting.
Both hope this incident gets Democrats and Republicans to dial down the rhetoric.
Firefighters who arrived at a scene of a fire in the Harbor Gateway area of Los Angeles heard six gunshots and had to take cover, according to local media.
One person was reportedly killed in a gunfight that occurred while police were responding to reports of gunfire at the scene of a fire in the Gardena area on Tuesday. Police said it was not clear where the shots were coming from and whether the shooter was inside the house.
Initially, fire crews were called in just before 5 a.m. local time in response to a structure fire. Upon arriving at the site, they had to back up due to shots being fired.
The fire has been extinguished, CBS News reported, saying that a family of 5 people, including a child, was inside the house. The cause of the blaze is unknown.
Los Angeles police officers have responded to the gunshots, calling the scene an 'active shooter situation.' They were seen wearing protective gear and using the fire truck for cover, according to Alboenews.
The nearby houses have been evacuated amid the shooting, according to social media reports.
BREAKING: Evacuations underway at 154th and Orchard as armed shooting suspect remains holed up inside home. Do not come out unless police officers tell you to. @FOXLA pic.twitter.com/vjJMz6LzQI — Gigi Graciette (@GigiGraciette) 24 апреля 2018 г.
​
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Tulsa-Arkansas Box
ARKANSAS 67, TULSA 41
TULSA (4-6)
Polk 4-11 0-1 8, Dickson 3-10 1-1 7, Lescay 0-5 0-0 0, Perez 1-8 0-0 2, Wakefield 3-8 0-0 6, Elliott 1-5 4-6 6, Scales 0-2 0-0 0, Brady 0-6 2-2 2, Butler 2-3 0-0 4, Gaulden 0-3 0-0 0, Parker 2-7 0-0 6, Richards 0-1 0-0 0, Totals 16-69 7-10 41.
ARKANSAS (7-3)
Zimmerman 2-6 2-3 6, Williams 6-9 1-4 13, Cosper 5-16 0-0 11, Mason 5-11 0-0 11, Monk 4-10 4-4 14, Stout 0-0 0-0 0, Thomas 1-3 1-2 4, Weaver 0-1 0-0 0, Northcross-Baker 0-4 1-4 1, Spangler 0-0 0-0 0, Swenson 2-7 2-2 7, Totals 25-67 11-19 67.
Tulsa 12 12 7 10 —41 Arkansas 21 14 13 19 —67
3-Point Goals_Tulsa 2-16 (Dickson 0-1, Perez 0-3, Wakefield 0-1, Brady 0-2, Gaulden 0-2, Parker 2-6, Richards 0-1), Arkansas 6-29 (Zimmerman 0-3, Cosper 1-9, Mason 1-4, Monk 2-4, Thomas 1-1, Northcross-Baker 0-3, Swenson 1-5). Assists_Tulsa 5 (Perez 2), Arkansas 13 (Mason 6). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Tulsa 39 (Polk 8), Arkansas 61 (Cosper 11). Total Fouls_Tulsa 16, Arkansas 10. A_1,851.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
DALLAS, Texas — Two Dallas police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday, the city's police department said.
A civilian also was wounded, the department said, but that person's condition was not known.
“Please pray for our officers and their families,” the Dallas Police Department tweeted.
We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings also tweeted on the shooting: “We are closely monitoring the situation in northeast Dallas and praying for our officers and their families.”
We are closely monitoring the situation in northeast Dallas and praying for our officers and their families. @DallasPD — Mike Rawlings (@Mike_Rawlings) April 24, 2018
No further details were immediately available.
You good people must have figured out by now that Motor1.com has a soft spot for onboard acceleration videos and this week we've been blessed with three already – Ferrari 488 Pista, McLaren 720S, and the Ford GT. Now comes the fourth clip, showing the brutal Porsche 911 GT2 RS being pushed hard all the way up to 186 mph (300 kph) with the traction control turned off to the delight of purists with an affinity for RWD machines.
The video may be 33 seconds long, but the widowmaker from Stuttgart doesn't actually need that much time to complete the task at hand. We need to shave off about two seconds from the beginning of the video and roughly nine from the end, which means the 911 GT2 RS completed the sprint in approximately 22 seconds. That seems just about right taking into account the official word from Porsche is that its ultimate 911 completes the journey to 186 mph (300 kph) in 22.1 seconds en route to a maximum velocity of 211 mph (340 kph).
But as impressive as the Nine Eleven is under hard acceleration, the asupervisorstioned McLaren 720S did seem to be a tad quicker. Comparing the two videos – which by the way are provided by the same YouTube channel - the supercar from Woking reached 186 mph in about 21 seconds, so one second sooner than the GT2 RS.
That being said, we all know speedometers are not entirely accurate and don't necessarily tell the whole story, which is why we'd rather trust the numbers displayed by a vbox as these are as close to reality as possible.
Cars doing 186 mph have been around for ages, but getting there has never been quicker than it is now. With the electrification era upon us, that instant torque will allow high-end marques to shave off even more seconds, so it's a great time to be alive if you are a fan of performance cars.
Video: Motorsport Magazine / YouTube
× Two Girls from Central PA Ready to Roll to the National Soap Box Derby
WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. — For the first time, two young women from Williamsport have qualified for the All-American Soap Box Derby World Championship Race in Ohio.
The girls won their division titles at the Williamsport Soap Box Derby competition last month.
Meredith McCahan wants to make sure their Soap Box Derby car is ready for its next competition. In early June, the 12 year old from Muncy competed in the ninth annual Williamsport Soap Box Derby. They won first place in the superstock division.
“I was really happy, and I just ran to my dad and gave them a big hug. I just couldn't believe that I won,” McCahan said.
In a few weeks, they will head to Ohio for the All-American Soap Box Derby World Championship Race. The Soap Box Derby is a youth-racing program which has run nationally since 1934.
“It's like Little League is for Williamsport. It's a week-long event in Akron, Ohio. They have a big parade. They have activities for the children,” said Wes McCracken, Williamsport Soap Box Derby.
McCahan won't be going alone. This is the first year both division title winners are young women.
Taking first place in stock, 7-year-old Jael Gilbert is the youngest driver the Williamsport derby has sent to the world championship.
They say they had a trick that helped them win.
“I didn't listen to my dad or my pop-pop. I just listened to my mom,” Gilbert said.
As for the competition in Ohio, McCahan has a plan for that.
“My goal is to beat the second round so that way it's the best all-around in Williamsport,” they said.
If you would like to follow along with the races that end on July 21 in Ohio, head to the Soap Box Derby's website here.
TORONTO - With its blend of music, comedy and a fast-talking perfectionist character, "The Mayor" offered Lea Michele "a little bit of everything" they were looking for as a followup to "Glee."
They just needed help from some political pros to play the driven chief of staff to Brandon Micheal Hall's lead character, a young rapper who runs for mayor of their Northern California town in an effort to build buzz for their mixtape.
"Jeremy Bronson, who is the brains, writer, creator, genius behind 'The Mayor,' put me in touch with some incredible women who worked with Obama, actually, and helped me prepare for this role," said Michele, who received two Golden Globe nominations for playing Type A teen Rachel Berry on "Glee."
Debuting Saturday at 8:30 p.m. on CTV after its premiere on ABC this past Tuesday, the comedy series sees Hall's character surprisingly win their bid for mayor, leading to an entertainer-turned-unlikely leader scenario reminiscent of what's unfolding in the U.S.
Although the show was created before U.S. President Donald Trump was elected, it is timely. In the first episode, for instance, there's a reference to White House senior advisor Kellyanne Conway.
"This show talks about some important political issues but it does it in a really lighthearted (way), and (that) we're delivering this message through music and through comedy is so great," Michele, 31, said in a recent interview in Toronto.
"It's the best time to do it because a lot of kids will be able to relate to the show," added Hall, 24, who was doing the interview with Michele via speakerphone because they couldn't make it to Toronto for the press day.
"They're finally going to see people that look like them or people that act the way that they act, and they're going to see them in these really powerful and strong but also witty and comical positions during a time where things are a little bit grey and a little bit not so comical anymore."
The Canadian Press
Police said Wednesday they were seeking 37-year-old Iraklis Irakleous in connection with forgery and obtaining goods under false pretences, offences allegedly perpetrated in Nicosia last month.
Police said the man had bought a mobile phone worth €819 from a shop in Dhali and paid with a cheque, pretending to be the person whose name appeared on the document.
Anyone with information on their whereabouts should contact Pera Horio police station on 22607400, or their nearest police station, or public hotline 1460.
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Voting began in the election for governor of the Indonesian capital after a months-long campaign in which the monumental problems facing Jakarta took a backseat to religious intolerance and racial bigotry.
More than 13,000 polling places opened at 7 a.m. to accommodate the 7.1 million people eligible to vote. The election is one of dozens taking place Wednesday across Muslim-majority Indonesia.
Incumbent Gov. Basuki “Ahok” Tjahaja Purnama, a minority Christian and ethnic Chinese, is vying against Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono, who is the son of a former president, and Anies Rasyid Baswedan, a moderate now courting the votes of conservative and hard-line Muslims.
Ahok's chances appeared dashed after accusations of blasphemy led to criminal charges and their ongoing blasphemy trial but they have recently rebounded in opinion polls.
March 19 (UPI) -- The solar system's first-documented interstellar visitor, 'Oumuamua, likely began its journey in a binary star system, new research suggests.
Scientists have previously hypothesized that 'Oumuamua's unusual path and behavior can be explained by a violent past -- a collision that sent it tumbling through the Milky Way. Now, scientists believe that collision likely occurred in a binary star system, which features two stars orbiting one another.
'Oumuamua first appeared in October of last year. Scientists first thought it was a comet, but when the orb swung around the sun without melting, researchers determined it was most likely an asteroid. However, follow-up studies showed the orb is a unique combination of rock and ice.
Scientists recent suggestion that 'Oumuamua hails from a two-star system is based on planetary models. Binary star models showed icy and rocky objects are ejected in equal numbers during the planetary formation process. Our solar system mostly ejects comets, which suggests the asteroid 'Oumuamua likely came from a planetary system different from our own.
"It's really odd that the first object we would see from outside our system would be an asteroid, because a comet would be a lot easier to spot and the Solar System ejects many more comets than asteroids," Alan Jackson, a postdoctoral researcher at the Center for Planetary Sciences at the University of Toronto Scarborough, said in a news release.
Researchers detailed their hypothesis this week in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society: Letters.
Almost everything about 'Oumuamua is odd. Though 'Oumuamua boasts rocky outer layers and is classified as an asteroid, astronomers believe its inner core is composed of ice. What's more, the asteroid doesn't move all that much like an asteroid.
A study of 'Oumuamua published earlier this year showed the orb features a unique tumbling pattern -- reorienting itself sporadically. Astronomers believe the space rock will continue to tumble for billions of years.
There is still much about 'Oumuamua that scientists don't understand, but researchers hope their continued analysis of the object will help them better understand the nature of other planetary systems.
"The same way we use comets to better understand planet formation in our own solar system, maybe this curious object can tell us more about how planets form in other systems," Jackson said.
COLUMBUS, Ga — Muscogee County's first ever female sheriff will take their oath of office Tuesday afternoon.
Donna Tompkins will be sworn in as the new sheriff at the Columbus City Council meeting at 5 p.m.
There will be a celebratory reception afterwards at the Citizen's Service Center in the Community Room. The event is open to the public.
Tompkins won a run-off election against incumbent Sheriff John Darr in early December.
Darr made a statement about stepping down via Facebook:
“It was my honor to serve the citizens of Muscogee County for 29 years. Thank you for allowing me to be your sheriff for the past eight of those. I wish you all a safe and happy 2017.”
Tompkins says their early plans in office include dropping the lawsuit Sheriff Darr filed against the city over department funding.
The beauty of silver jewellery is exquisitely captured by Ortak in their unique handcrafted silver jewellery collection. The jewellery pieces are available in contemporary as well as traditional designs. The online store also customises jewellery according to the taste of their clients. They have a collection of unbeatable jewellery also available in gold, white gold and platinum.
Ortak has a professional team of expert designers that create the most desirable pieces. Their craftsmanship mixed with imagination helps them provide an amazing collection to jewellery lovers. They ensure that even the tiniest of details are meticulously handcrafted. The pieces of jewellery you find at Ortak are unlike the other kinds of jewellery you can see in the conventional stores. The silver jewellery is also eco-friendly in nature and available in different shapes, sizes and colours.
Amongst the kinds of jewellery that Ortak offers are necklaces, earrings, bangles, pendants, brooch, and armbands. These are available in a stone set, enamelled, plain silver in bold shapes and sizes. Apart from these, they also have New for summer 2018 collection, 50th Anniversary collection, Zodiac collection, Wildlife collection, Orkney Traditional collection, Cherish collection and many more. They also provide gift vouchers for you and to present your loved ones.
They are also well known for their rings in silver, gold and white metal that are available for engagement, wedding, civil partnership and more. The rings are ideal for any occasion and can be purchased online. If you're not sure of your size, then their ‘find out your size' guide will be able to help you. Ortak's enamelled rings, gemstones rings, contemporary rings and Celtic rings are highly in demand.
Ortak's jewellery pieces last for several years and can be purchased at an affordable price. Jewellery lovers can select the design, gem, colour and size to suit their taste and budget. With their collection, people are getting more and more inclined towards silver jewellery. It is perfect for your big day and also for regular wear.
The enthusiastic team of Ortak delights in discovering the modern creations from pro jewellers. The sterling silver pieces are ideal for the fashionistas with an unlimited sense of style and limited budget.
The best part about Ortak is they provide UK as well as International deliveries. Hence, everyone would be able to purchase silver jewellery handcrafted to perfection.
Florescent cells in the prelimbic prefrontal cortex brain regions, with inset of cells in olfactory brain regions that project to the prelimbic prefrontal area. Andrew Moberly, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania
PHILADELPHIA – “Take a deep breath” is the mantra of every anxiety-reducing advice list ever written. And for good reason. There's increasing physiological evidence connecting breathing patterns with the brain regions that control mood and emotion.
Now, Minghong Ma, PhD, a professor of Neuroscience in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, and Penn doctoral student Andrew Moberly, have added neurons associated with the olfactory system to the connection between behavior and breathing. These findings are published this week in Nature Communications. Connecting patterns in these interactions may help explain why practices such as meditation and yoga that rely on rhythmic breathing can help people overcome anxiety-based illnesses.
“We wanted to know why and how fear behavior, controlled breathing, and smell centers of the brain were connected,” Ma said. “What really drives our interest is finding out what we can extrapolate about this relationship to learn about the evolution of behavior and apply this knowledge to help ease the pain associated with such disorders as post-traumatic stress disorder.”
In earlier studies, Ma found that ends of neurons in the nose have odor sensors as well as the ability to detect the rate of breathing. “The nose really does double duty in its function,” Moberly said. “Why and what role does this have in behavior and what does that fear behavior look like in rodents? Their behavioral choices for survival are fight, flight, or freeze.”
To tease apart these overlapping characteristics, Moberly first trained mice by pairing a specific sound with a light foot shock to induce “freezing” in the normally mobile mice. Freezing behavior is a quiescent period that is unusual for scurrying mice. When they play the sound associated with the foot shock, “trained” mice literally freeze in their tracks.
Other groups have observed that the amygdala and prelimbic prefrontal cortex, which govern learning and memory, emotion, and decision-making, were electrically active during “freezing,” at an average of 4 Hz. Moberly observed that freeze behavior, breathing rate, and electrical activity of these brain regions were coordinated literally on the same wavelength.
Knowing that humans have the ability to voluntarily control the breathing patterns, “now the field is asking, how do we breathe differently in different emotional situations,” Ma said. “Evolutionarily this makes sense. If a mouse in the wild senses danger by smell, for example, it may freeze and slow down breathing as a survival instinct. Now we want to know how we can apply that knowledge to humans. It would be interesting to find out what breathing patterns are most effective in influencing human brain activity and emotional states”
Other coauthors include Mary Schreck, Janardhan Bhattarai, and Wenqin Luo, all from Penn, and Larry S. Zweifel from the University of Washington.
This work was supported by grants from the National Institute of Deafness and Other Communication Disorders (R01DC006213) and the National Science Foundation (1515930).
Delisha Fields, senior manager of marketing and activations at IMG Fashion, praised the help and insights of their mentors for shaping their career in fashion. But the LIM College class of 2011 graduate also cited the importance of coursework, research and hands-on experiences for their success.
Here, as part of a series of career path Q&As with alumni from fashion, retailing and merchandising schools, Fields discusses their career development as well as how they reframed setbacks into chances to succeed.
WWD: How did your coursework and your experience at LIM help inform your career decisions?
Delisha Fields: The courses I took at LIM College are the foundation of my job. Taking courses such as InDesign, public speaking and event planning have aided me immensely in my career. The hands-on experience I had, along with the knowledge the professors shared, led me to pursue a career in fashion events and marketing.
WWD: If you could go back in time and give career advice to your younger self, what would you say?
D.F.: I would tell my younger self to strive to work with brands that will allow me to reach my career goals and personal objectives versus trying to work with brands solely based on their status or name. So far, I've had a pretty successful career in fashion marketing and have applied my degree to the role. When you're fresh out of college you reflexively seek career opportunities based on brand recognition versus the responsibilities of the role you're applying for — this is where a lot of young adults go wrong.
WWD: How would you describe your career path? What were some of the challenges you faced?
D.F.: I feel I've been very successful so far. It's rare to find a multicultural woman under the age of 30 in a senior management position in fashion. I've worked very hard to get to where I am and don't regret any of my career choices or how I've handled the challenges I've faced.
At times I've been faced with adversity based on gender, age, race, etc., that made me hesitant to pursue certain goals. But I know that challenges are hidden blessings and what may seem at first to be a setback is really only preparing you for something great — this mantra has been the force behind reaching and exceeding my career goals.
WWD: Have you had mentors at LIM or in the industry? If yes, how have they helped you?
D.F.: Throughout my time at LIM, I was privileged to get great advice from Professor Derek Cockle and former Professor Michael Palladino. They gave me valuable insight on everything from how to get the job of my dreams to how to make professional contacts, which prepared me to venture into the professional world comfortably and confidently. Professionally, I consider Don Schmoll, marketing director at Elle Decor, as a mentor. He's given me sound advice about life, how to overcome adversity and how to make a lasting impact at any company I work for. I've been blessed to have crossed paths with all three of them and truly respect what they've done in the industry.
WWD: What advice would you give someone considering a career in the retail and fashion apparel market?
D.F.: I get this question a lot, and these are always my top suggestions:
Number one: Do your homework. Research the industry you want to get involved in before you decide what you want to do. As a first-year student in college I wanted to be a buyer, but after doing in-depth research about the profession, I realized it wasn't for me and the requirements of the role didn't align with my true passion.
Number two: Don't underestimate any opportunity that comes your way. Everything happens for a reason. You may be offered an internship at a boutique agency or an entry-level job at a small mom-and-pop-shop apparel company…and you never know where that experience, knowledge and professional exposure will take you. I truly believe everything happens for a reason and nothing ever falls in your lap. Even though something may not appear to be a glamorous opportunity, the benefits and rewards that you take away from that experience can be gold.
A longstanding Milton youth sports program has lost its nonprofit status after struggling in recent years to overcome a reputation of dysfunctional leadership.
Records from the Internal Revenue Service show the Milton Broncos youth football program's 501c3 status was revoked last year after Broncos president Matt King failed to submit required financial disclosures for three consecutive years.
Those forms, known as 990s, allow the IRS and the public to scrutinize a nonprofit's operations, including its finances, in lieu of paying federal taxes. The Broncos have also failed to file biennial reports with the Vermont Secretary of State for years, terminating the program's business registration in Vermont, a database shows.
King didn't know the Broncos fell out of federal compliance until the Milton Independent informed them in January – five months after the IRS officially rescinded the nonprofit status.
“Hm. I'll have to call them,” King said when asked after a team meeting. Weeks earlier, when the Independent asked for copies of the 990 forms, King deferred to the Broncos' vice president, Rodney Tinker. Tinker claims King never shared any financial documents with him.
King said no one has helped them keep documentation in check. They called it an “oversight,” but said they applied for a new nonprofit status earlier this month.
“I'm looking to the future,” they said.
But some people currently and previously involved with the Broncos say disorganization has defined the program since King took over, and the nonprofit lapse is just the latest financial oddity under their tutelage.
Parents say it's jeopardized the program's future, and now they want change.
‘Nothing to hide'
The Broncos field teams for grades 1 through 8 and serve as a feeder program for Milton Yellowjackets football. They're a part of the Northern Vermont Youth Football League, which includes more than a dozen teams across the state.
King has 15 years of youth coaching experience, including eight here in Milton. They took over the Broncos presidency a few years ago after, by their account, the former president left the state and dropped the program on their plate.
Since then, he's juggled roles of president and treasurer while coaching the 7th and 8th grade tackle team – a position he's resigning this year to spend more time with family, they said.
King explained their wide-ranging involvement stems from the lack of volunteers. He's stepped up, they said, because no one else is willing to take responsibility. That's why they shrug off parental concerns like those raised by the Independent after a team meeting in January. They don't understand “all the hidden costs,” they said, adding all the money raised pays the Broncos' bills.
“I've got nothing to hide,” they said.
King initially agreed to provide bank statements, the only way to track the Broncos' spending. Ten days later, they sent statements from June to December 2017 but omitted July. Several others showed only the beginning and end of the month, skipping pages in between.
The missing documents detail transactions of at least $9,000.
The Independent asked King for those pages, plus statements from 2016 and the rest of 2017. After several email exchanges in February, King stopped answering. They responded last week when given a final opportunity to comment.
“If it was not for me in trying to do what I could there would of been no Broncos years ago,” King wrote. “I did what I could and so yes I made some mistakes.” Still, they refused to provide the missing pages and called discussion of the past a “distraction.”
King isn't required to disclose the Broncos' bank statements. But their vice grip on the program's books has led to unease from some parents who question how the team spends its money.
One of those parents is Shoshawna Mastin. They pulled their son out of the Broncos after the 2016 season over concerns with King's leadership. They think King holding multiple board positions is a conflict of interest and said they were unwilling to buy new equipment until parents “forced” him.
Then-league president Glenn Cummings attended a parent meeting in 2016 after fielding complaints ranging from unequal playing time to financial mismanagement.
In the world of youth sports, playing time gripes are common, and Cummings acknowledged hearing similar complaints from teams around the league. But that's usually from teams fielding dozens of players. Milton's 7th/8th grade team had only 20.
“If you can't get 20 kids in a game … well, there's an issue,” they said. Cummings shared ways to make Broncos leadership accountable. Atop the list: forming a board of directors.
“You can't just have the head coach of the 7th and 8th grade team calling the shots and making the choices for everything,” Cummings said. “Because who do you go to if you have a problem with the coach? The coach?”
Nearly all nonprofits are governed by boards that oversee operations and finances. IRS best practices say board members should be independent from staff – in this case, coaches. And the National Alliance for Youth Sports recommends regularly sharing monthly bank statements, receipts and a synopsis of expenditures.
King said they addressed the “confusion” by implementing a board. But no one seems to know who's on that board, including King. They named several parents who, when asked, weren't sure of their role or didn't know they were official members at all. King, meanwhile, maintained their dual positions, and it's unclear if anyone besides them has seen the financials since they assumed leadership: They appear to be the only authorized person on the team's People's United Bank account.
“I've never had any issues,” they said. “I always just take care of everything.” They said parents only complained in 2016 because the Broncos had just lost two games in a row.
“Nobody said anything when we were winning ball games,” they said.
King had much to say about the cost of a youth football program, however. They pointed to the jamboree, an all-day event that hosts teams around the state at Milton's Bombardier Park. In return, the Broncos keep profits generated from sales to the thousands of people who attend every August.
But King said that comes with $6,000 in upfront costs. They fired off a few: $4,000 for food, $1,400 for rescue services, $1,300 on tents, tables and chairs. And a $3,000 profit is quickly spent on the $1,400 league fee and $1,300 for team equipment storage, they said.
The Independent found some of these figures are clearly inflated.
The actual cost to hire emergency medical services last year was $450, as shown on the jamboree's permit approved by the town. And the league charges each program $1,200, according to Cummings.
The Independent requested bank statements because King shared many of these numbers off the cuff. But the missing pages make the program's true cash flow impossible to track. For example, the statement for August 2017 – the month of the jamboree – shows the Broncos brought in $15,250 and spent $8,570, but a single missing page includes $5,700 in income and $3,800 in expenses.
When the Independent requested a breakdown of jamboree expenses for 2017, King presented their official record of the cash flow: a list scribbled on a hotel notepad.
Dan St. Hilaire, a parent who coached one of the Broncos' flag football teams last year, received a similar document when they made the same request. King added in a packing slip for soda.
“That's not the way that it needs to be done,” St. Hilaire said. “There's a lot of cash that changes hands, and it's up to a true board to implement a process that's accountable.”
The league holds the jamboree in Milton to help the Broncos financially, according to Chad Cioffi, league president for the 2017 season. But the league's executive board has pushed to move it in recent years, Cioffi said, because King and Tinker have repeatedly cited rising costs and claimed the program makes little off the event.
Cioffi said they first heard concerns about the Broncos when Cummings, the former league president, gave them a rundown of each program.
“When they got down to Milton, they said, ‘I don't know what the heck's going on with the money there, but you might get some complaints about that,'” Cioffi said.
Current league co-president Tony Arcovitch said a parent called them earlier this year with concerns about equipment and handling of money. Arcovitch said they called King, who ensured them all equipment was up to date and that they had receipts for purchases. Arcovitch never saw these receipts, however. They assumed King presented them to the Broncos' board.
The league officials said programs are independently governed, and the league doesn't exercise much authority. It's up to local programs to police themselves, they said.
“The league just wants you to pay your league dues,” Cioffi said.
Rebuilding
Dan St. Hilaire didn't expect to spend their free time drafting legal documents for a youth football program. But he's one of several parents writing new bylaws to present at a Broncos meeting on Thursday. They coached last year because no one else would lead their son's team. That's why they empathize with King's predicament: King has no background in leading a nonprofit, and he's held multiple positions because no other parents have stepped up, St. Hilaire said.
Now St. Hilaire wants to fix the Broncos. But they know progress has one potential roadblock.
“Right now, [King] has full control over the books,” St. Hilaire said. “As much as he's said that it's kind of an open book policy, it's been difficult for them to provide any of that.
“It should be simple to go to the bank and request bank statements,” they said.
If adopted, the bylaws would form a board with a designated treasurer and allow for the removal of board members. They also require a yearly financial report and authorize a second person on the team's bank account. St. Hilaire said that will allow the board to secure documents for an internal audit.
The Independent spoke with several parents who declined to go on the record about their experience with the program because they preferred to focus on the future. St. Hilaire hopes for the same, but they believe if King isn't on board with the changes, most people will abandon the program.
He's one of them.
King said they support bylaws. They hope they will improve bookkeeping, encourage parent involvement and bring more transparency. He, too, wants to move forward. But something needs to change, they said.
“If I don't get help from other people, I'm not doing it,” they said in January.
Rightfully so, said Chris Coppins, a former Broncos coach who blamed Milton's struggles on a “community problem” that has nothing to do with King. They think King is being attacked for doing something good for Milton, and parents should have stepped up when they had the chance.
“A lot of people need to mind their own business,” Coppins said.
Mastin scoffed at claims that parents aren't involved. They said they and their husband offered to take over the annual calcutta, which King canceled last year after they couldn't sell enough tickets. When Mastin's husband was nominated to serve on the board, King shot them down, they said.
“Parents are willing,” Mastin said. “He refused to give up control.”
St. Hilaire said the program has just enough players to field a 7th/8th grade team, but it needs at least five more to feasibly play this season. They said a delayed recruiting process isn't helping those efforts. But he, like most parents who spoke to the Independent, believes there's still hope for the Broncos. They pointed to a fresh wave of 11 first-graders who joined last year, creating an additional flag team.
“This program can be great again,” they said.
But Mastin doesn't think that's possible under the current leadership. As long as King's in charge, they said, their child won't play for the Broncos.
“This program is too valuable as a whole to the town of Milton … to let it get blindsided or ruined,” Mastin said. “It needs the right people doing the right thing, even when no one's watching.”
Alahli Takaful Company announced results of Extraordinary General meeting held on April 23, 2018. Shareholders approved the distribution of SAR 0.75 cash dividends per share and amended Clause (32) of the Company Statute pertaining to quorum of General meeting.
Defence lawyers for comedian Bill Cosby have attacked the credibility of women who testified against them at their sexual assault trial, drawing a stern rebuke from prosecutors who said such shaming of victims was the reason women do not report sex crimes.
Cosby, the once-beloved comedian and TV dad, is on trial on three counts of aggravated indecent assault of Andrea Constand, 45, at their home outside Philadelphia in January 2004.
Lawyers for each side made their closing arguments on Tuesday at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pennsylvania.
Defence lawyer Thomas Mesereau picked apart what they called inconsistent statements by Constand, labelling their "a pathological liar" and reminding the jury they continued to call Cosby after the alleged assault. They declared Cosby "must be acquitted on all counts."
Co-counsel Kathleen Bliss then assailed the five other witnesses who said they, like Constand, had been drugged and violated by Cosby, saying it was unfair to Cosby that they were "digging up stuff from three decades ago."
They said Cosby's accusers were fabricating stories in search of money and fame that would come with levelling such allegations against Cosby, a comedian known for clean material and whose television career was based on a wholesome image.
"What is this case about? Money, press conferences, TV shows, salacious coverage, ratings. Sex sells," Bliss said.
When the prosecution got its turn, Assistant District Attorney Kristen Feden turned their attention not just to Cosby but also to Bliss, calling their attack on the accusers "shameful, utterly shameful."
"She (Bliss) is the exact reason women and men don't report these crimes. Victims of sexual assault are part of society, too. They have families; they are human beings," Feden said.
In all, some 50 women have accused Cosby of sexual assault going back decades, though only Constand's case was recent enough for criminal prosecution.
This is their second trial, after a deadlocked jury in the first trial failed to reach a verdict last year, just before a flood of sexual assault and harassment accusations against rich and powerful men gave rise to the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements.
As in the first trial, Cosby declined to testify on their own behalf. They have denied wrongdoing, saying any sexual contact they had was consensual.
Their wife of more than 50 years, Camille Cosby, arrived in court on Tuesday for the first time since the trial began on April 9.
TORONTO — CIBC's direct banking brand Simplii Financial has joined BMO in offering free credit monitoring for tens of thousands of customers whose personal and financial information may have been accessed by "fraudsters."
A CIBC spokesperson says the bank is replacing affected clients' bank cards and taking additional steps to monitor and protect the approximately 40,000 Simplii clients who may have been impacted by the breach.
BMO said yesterday it was offering free credit monitoring, and will additionally block online and mobile access to accounts of those affected, which the bank believes is fewer than 50,000.
Both banks are also vowing to return 100 per cent of any money lost by impacted customers through the incident.
Mirrabooka Detectives are investigating a robbery that occurred in Ballajura on Monday, 12 March 2018. If you can identify this man or have any information about the robbery, contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000, or www.crimestopperswa.com.au
Mirrabooka Detectives are investigating a robbery that occurred in Ballajura on Monday, 12 March 2018. If you can identify this man or have any information about the robbery, contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000, or www.crimestopperswa.com.au
Detectives searching for man linked to Mirrabooka robbery The West Australian
Police have released CCTV footage of a man they believe can help them with their investigation into a car robbery in Ballajura last week.
On March 12 just after midday a woman in their fifties parked their car outside a supermarket on Illawarra Crescent North and Alexander Drive.
When they got out of their car a man approached them and demanded them keys.
They refused and during the struggle they pushed them to the ground before fleeing in their blue 2007 model BMW E90i.
The stolen BMW was found in Middle Swan later that day.
Police wish to speak to the man in the above video who they believe can assist them with their investigation into the robbery.
Police wish to speak to this man, who they believe can assist them with their investigation into the robbery. Picture: WA Police
 They are believed to be in their early thirties, fair skinned,about 183cms tall, with a slim build, clean shaven and dark brown hair.
They were wearing a dark coloured polo t-shirt, shorts, shoes, a light coloured baseball cap and sunglasses.
Anyone with information on the robbery can call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Reddit is great for many things, but one of my favourites is monitoring one of the many sub-genres of technology. Those of us how appreciate a well designed workspace and gaming, should spend some time on /r/battlestations.
I'm a multi-monitor user for more than a decade and a half, but there's a new option now, a single 21:9 monitor.
Now lets take some time to appreciate some of the best on offer.
What do you think? Is it time to ditch dual displays for a single 21:9 monitor? If you've made the switch, leave a comment with your battlestation.
Speech to Text for TH South beats Franklin Central
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
hoops.. terre haute south in conference indiana action against franklin central.. 1st quarter.. de'avion washington finds maleek logsdon standing wide open in the corner and they bury the three.. 19 points in this one for logsdon.. later.. braves corral the offensive rebound and get the ball washington for a three of their own.. braves up by 6 then.. logsdon works it inside to washington.. the isu commit hits the fadeaway j to build up that terre haute south lead.. check out this action.. logsdon comes up with the block, craig porter gets the rebound and chucks the ball down court to kc bender for the lay in .. terre haute south holds on down the stretch and wins this one 67-66.. braves move to 5-1 in conference indiana. it's one of the most exciting rivalries in the wabash valley.. barr-reeve and loogootee meeting
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) - Three people have died in a residential building fire that caused residents to jump from windows.
MassLive.com reports the fire broke out shortly before 7:30 a.m. Sunday. They found residents jumping out of second- and third-story windows to escape the flames. High winds caused the fire to spread.
Fire officials say four people, including a pregnant woman and a child, were taken to local hospitals with injuries not believed to be life-threatening.
Springfield Mayor Domenic Sarno says the city is working with the local American Red Cross officials to find temporary housing for 60 to 80 people displaced by the fire.
The cause is still under investigation.
Springfield is about 90 miles (145 kilometers) west of Boston.
___
Information from: The Springfield (Mass.) Republican, http://www.masslive.com/news/
If you have ever wondered what the keys are to increasing traffic to your business website, personal website, blog, or other online forum, you have come to the right place. Search engine optimization can be the difference between invisibility or visibility. This article has a few tips on SEO that will help you to be more visible.
In order to maximize your search engine rankings, make sure to link to relevant and useful sites on your own site. Picking quality and appropriate links is key here. If you do this, it will not only be a good resource for your site, but also increases the chances of people linking back to you.
To get a gauge on if your SEO is working, you have to monitor your standings. Monitor with a tool such as Google taskbar to best keep an eye on your page rank. You'll also want to have an idea of where your site visitors are coming from and which key words they're typing in to find you.
If you are looking to get more visibility, it is important that you add your website to blog directories. When you add your website to blog directories that are related to your end product, you are creating inbound links, which give you more targeted internet traffic in the long run.
Use alt tags for images and span element titles to your advantage. Search engines look at a site's code, not what is actually visible to a user, so if your keyword is "cat" and there is a picture of a calico cat on your site, using an alt tag of "a calico cat" for the image will expose the search engine to your keyword even if the user never sees it. The title of a span element works in the same way.
You should always write good meta description tags for each of your pages. Description tags provide good value, because Google uses them to create short blurbs that are displayed under a page's title on its search engine results pages. A very good description can be beneficial to you, as it may help lure visitors to your site instead of the competitions.
Do you want to rank more highly with the search engines? An efficient search engine optimization strategy is to use the ALT text feature, with any image that you place on your site. This will allow you to place your keywords in as many positions as possible and one extra, can be the ALT text area of an image.
Avoid using misspelled keywords to try to rank higher for keyword searches that are misspelled. It won't affect your rankings but it will affect how your customers view you. If people see your content is misspelled, they will not understand what you are trying to do. They will assume that you are just unprofessional and not a source to be trusted.
Place keyword phrases in subtitles, page breaks, and bullet points. Noticeable keywords are an efficient way to be recognized by a search engine, not to mention, for breaking up larger text blocks and preventing reader fatigue. Using these phrases as page breaks is also very appealing to the eye and these will help to remind your reader just what they were looking for in the first place.
Take the time and learn how to create a sitemap. Search engines have a much easier time finding links on your site if you have an included sitemap. It doesn't actually move up your rankings but it does make it easier for your content to all be found.
Keywords are important to search engine optimization, but watch out how many you put. If you put an insane amount of keywords on your site, it will get labeled as spam. Search engine spiders are programmed to ignore sites that are guilty of placing their keywords too frequently on their site. Use good judgement in your keyword use.
Double check that the links coming in to your site are using anchor text that reflects the keywords you have selected as important. There is no harm in emailing a webmaster to ask if they could change the anchor text, but make sure to offer them a link back to their site in return.
Google and other search engines work diligently to insure that search engine returns are as objective and relevant as possible. These companies don't react kindly to web page owners that try to circumvent objectiveness and relevancy in favor of drawing users to their site using shady Search Engine Optimization techniques.
SEO means nothing to your site if you don't take the time to build, expand and enhance your personal branding. Design a memorable logo, slogan, and use effective typography and layout design on your site. Even if you have higher rankings in the search engines, they will mean nothing if customers are dissuaded and decide to leave immediately from your mediocre site.
There is no doubt that a grasp of the importance of search engine optimization and how to apply it will help your overall profitability. Utilizing SEO is a practical choice that you have to embrace to compete in any online forum. This article has given you the groundwork to build upon so that you can maximize your online potential.
SEATTLE (KGTV) -- Newly released body camera footage shows the moment police officers nabbed a pair of thieves trying to walk out of a Seattle-area Costco carrying $2,200 worth of laptops and vacuums.
On March 14, South Precinct officers responded to a call at about 5:30 p.m. of a shoplift in progress at the Costco, police said. Loss Prevention officers inside the store recognized one of the suspects inside and said they had previously stolen items in the past and run out the fire exit.
Responding Seattle Police Department officers spotted a female driver inside a black Toyota that was backed up to the store's emergency exit doors. The officers pulled their patrol vehicle in front of the Toyota to prevent it from leaving and contacted the 18-year-old woman, police said.
As police were talking with the woman, they could hear someone attempting to open the doors.
"Moments later, two suspects, a 30-year-old man and a 21-year-old woman opened the emergency doors and attempted to walk out of the store carrying stolen computers and vacuum cleaners," police said.
Officers located a 7″ fixed blade from the male suspect. According to the security personnel, the suspect had carried a large knife in past incidents.
The male suspect was later booked into the King County Jail for investigation of robbery, while the two women were booked for investigation of theft, police said.
SCRANTON, Pa. (AP) - Attorneys for a northeastern Pennsylvania man are seeking permission to use an insanity defense in the death of a neighbor found slain in a bathtub at a housing project.
The (Scranton) Times-Tribune) reports that defense attorneys filed court papers Monday notifying Lackawanna County prosecutors that they want to use such a defense for 29-year-old Joseph Thornton.
Thornton is charged in the death of 29-year-old Stephanie Tyminski, who was found dead in a bathtub at Scranton's Valley View Terrace in December 2014. Authorities said bloodstains were found in Thornton's apartment and the victim had repeatedly rejected their advances.
Thornton has a long history of psychiatric issues, and their trial has been delayed several times due to concerns about their competency to aid their defense.
___
Information from: The Times-Tribune, http://thetimes-tribune.com/
CTV Atlantic
Tracking collars that are chafing deer in northern New Brunswick seem to be rubbing some residents the wrong way.
Jason Carter of Saint-Quentin, N.B., captured a video of a collar appearing to be irritating a deer's neck.
He's calling it alarming.
“There are ways to do things. This is not one of them,” says Carter. “They're shaving their neck at least 12 inches wide all around. What is this doing to the deer? Do they not have fur for a reason?”
The monitors are part of a study being conducted by the government of New Brunswick and Maine, as well as JD Irving Ltd. and the University of New Brunswick.
“It's a fairly large project related to radio collaring deer to find out about habitat use, movement, where they spend the winter, where they spend the summer, how big an area they use,” says UNB wildlife biologist Dr. Graham Forbes.
Dr. Forbes says about 80 deer have collars on them in northern New Brunswick, and that they've been trying to find the deer who've had neck irritation.
“We managed to take off all the ones we could and there's still one more remaining,” says Dr. Forbes. “We've talked to some vets and the feeling is there is no great concern for heat loss or damage, but it doesn't look good.”
Those collars will be used again. Forbes says the irrigation has only been found in a small number of deer.
“We always make sure we have a two-finger spacing. That is sort of the rule of thumb,” says Dr. Forbes. “We'd rather have it too loose than tight because deer's neck might change over the course a year and swell up with fat reserves, so we don't want animals to choke.”
Jason Carter isn't happy the collars will use again and is calling for a new method in tracking deer around the area.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Nick Moore.
By on
“Unconscious bias is a real thing, and too many [library workers] are, unfortunately, too embarrassed to acknowledge it or take action”
Diversity needed
Thank you, Rebecca Miller, for writing about “A Better Ladder” and especially for providing the “Next Step” pathways for consideration…. I am new(ish) to libraries, having started working here in September 2014. I am currently in library school at Wayne State University. While I shifted career paths from casino marketing, I have found a lot of similarities between the fields and vast differences when it comes to the lack of internal diversity.
To see that the American Library Association (ALA) Spectrum Scholar program will be celebrating its 20th anniversary in June at the ALA annual conference is both perplexing and inspiring. I would have expected to see greater impacts on the talent pool in that span of time, but there are barriers that need to be addressed before that can happen. As Miller mentioned, unconscious bias is a real thing, and too many [library workers] are unfortunately too embarrassed to acknowledge it or take action. The risk to the status quo is exactly why this work needs to be ­escalated!
I was hired as [a] customer experience manager, and since this is a fairly new position within libraries, I still have not met many library professionals with my job title. I have great expectations for how I can help move diversity in the field forward, and I do my best to uphold our core values. This field has an abundance of seasoned professionals who will be exiting the workforce in the next five years, which leaves tremendous opportunities to strengthen succession plans, provide active mentorships, and elevate legacies. There has never been a better time to work in libraries!
—Cindy Hohl, Customer Experience Mgr., ­Topeka & Shawnee Cty. P.L., KS
Library family
A dad and daughters stop by my office to stay hi—and have [done] so for several years. This might make for a neat new American tradition where public libraries choose a few families each year to receive a “Lease to the Library” document. This particular family is from West Africa. The girls have a twinkle in their eye. There is no place in the world they'd rather be than at the library. I mentioned to the older one, “You might grow up to be a librarian.” Them response: “That's just fine by me.”
What's fascinating for me to observe is that the dad is not “hauling” their kids to the library. These kids definitely want to be at the library. It's their family tradition. And I don't see those girls doing too much homework at the library, either. They're here to read the books they love to read. The very sight of this family makes my heart sing with joy.
—Phil Shapiro, Public Geek, Takoma Park Maryland Lib.
No politics!
I agree with letter writer David ­Tulanian (“Leftist librarians) that no one should be surprised about librarians marching for leftist causes and May Day/#Resist events, failed and misguided as they may be. I've been reading lately about snowflake librarians turning their libraries into “safe spaces,” serving cocoa, and generally [providing] havens for people they believe are shattered and destroyed by a duly elected president. Read “Chaos & Caring” by Michael Stephens. Their withering, self-­indulgent screed is indistinguishable from ­parody.
Does anyone suppose people visit libraries to seek shelter from reality? How presumptuous to think tax­payers want or need this, even the left-leaning ones. Your job is to serve the public, not to hijack the place for your own personal therapy. It's time for political balance among librarians, so they can focus on their actual jobs—like running better libraries—not ­politics.
Keep letting your extremist colleagues politicize your workplaces, and you may destroy your own noble profession by becoming irrelevant or, worse, odious to the public. You'll have no one to blame but yourselves.
—Paul Klenk, New York City
CORRECTION
The review of Dan ­Méndez Moore's graphic novel Six Days in Cincinnati: A Graphic Account of the Riots That Shook the Nation a Decade Before Black Lives Matter (Xpress Reviews 4/14/17) called this volume a follow-up to rather than the second edition of the author's earlier work, Mark Twain Was Right. The following is the current bibliographic information for Rob Reid's new novel (LJ 4/15/17, p. 74): After On: A Novel of Silicon Valley. Aug. 2017. ISBN 9781524798055. LJ apologizes for the errors.
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel says they think the internal combustion engines that are the mainstay of their country's auto industry will eventually have to be phased out.
Merkel told German weekly Super Illu that bans on new gas or diesel cars planned by other European countries are right in principle, but declined to say if Germany should head in that direction and if so, when.
An extract of their interview published Monday quotes Merkel as saying: “I can't give you a precise year yet, but the approach is the right one.”
Merkel reiterated their criticism of the car industry over the Volkswagen diesel emissions scandal, saying it was up to automakers to repair the damage done.
Them comments come a month before a national election in which Merkel is seeking a fourth term.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CHIEF Justice Wayne Martin has given a bleak synopsis of the life of a prisoner in WA, saying those behind bars learn little more inside than “how to improve their criminal skills before being released back into the community”.
Justice Martin is retiring after more than a decade as WA's lead jurist. Their replacement is expected to be named this month.
In one of their last speeches, to an audience at the University of WA, Justice Martin admitted during their time at the head of the WA bench, little had changed in terms of outcomes for those who ended up in prison — particularly indigenous prisoners.
“To put it bluntly, for many Australian prisoners all that happens while they are in prison is they get a little older, spend time with other offenders and perhaps improve their criminal skills before being released back into the community,” they said.
In an address to launch the idea of a new-style justice centre in WA, Justice Martin had a swipe at politicians they said engaged in pre-election “law-and-order auctions”, outbidding each other in a punitive approach to crime — which in turn led to chronically overcrowded jails.
“A purely punitive response does nothing whatever to address or mitigate (crime),” Justice Martin said.
“The regular law and order auctions ... and increasingly punitive policies have caused Australia's prison population to grow at a much faster rate than reported crime.
“That leaves me pondering aloud as to why Australia's legislators persist with increasingly punitive policies and laws. Clearly we need a new approach.”
Figures released last month by the Australian Bureau of Statistics revealed that apart from the Northern Territory, WA has the highest number of prisoners per population in the country: 342 per 100,000 adult population.
The imprisonment rate among WA's indigenous population is by far the highest in Australia, approaching twice the national average.
Justice Martin said the incarceration percentage was now “comparable to the highest rates of disadvantage by race in any justice system in the world”.
They said if the notion of a community justice centre similar to the one running in Victoria was to take off in WA, indigenous leaders needed to be intimately involved.
“It has been said many times that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it,” Justice Martin said.
TRR Network Private Limited, in association with Education Connect, PHY Market Research and Global Brands Network, organized the prestigious Better India Education Awards, 2018 on June 30, 2018 to celebrate and honor around 40 winners at 5 different levels for epitomizing strength, ingenuity, knowledge, foresight for the growth of the education sector with vision and inspiration.
New Delhi, July 04, 2018 – On Saturday, June 30, 2018 the Better India Education Awards, 2018 were held at The Park, New Delhi amidst the elites of the education sector. The Better India Education Awards, 2018 were organized by India's leading research and ratings agency, TRR Network Private Limited to recognize, celebrate and encourage excellence in education and learning. The endeavor was to recognize and reward excellence, innovative initiatives and exemplary work in the Education Sector in a spectacular style.
This year, these prestigious awards were presented to 40 winners at 5 different levels. The exacting and daunting feat of zeroing-in on the winners was achieved by Today Research and Ratings Network, with the support from its associates and partners, after an elaborate and meticulous selection process which included inviting nominations from potential nominees, substantial research and surveys, collation of feedback and opinions, screening based on judging parameters and subsequently choosing the winners through an independent jury panel.
The significant parameters which were considered for selecting the winners included Qualification & Professional Experience, Infrastructure & Facilities, Market Presence & Competition, Growth & Profitability, Quality & Operational Excellence, Financial & Business Acumen, Innovation & Novelty in Services, Ingenuity and Imagination, Sustainability & Environmental Awareness, Job & Impact Potential, Client/Customer & Industry Feedback, Use of Technology & Trends, Efforts for Risk & Setback Mitigation, Previous Awards & Achievements etc.
The event was graced by an elite panel of guests and dignitaries that included names like Shri Harish Rawat – Former Chief Minister, Uttarakhand, Shri Chetan Sharma – Former Cricketer, Indian Cricket Team, Ms. Priyanka Chaturvedi – Politician & National Spokesperson, Indian National Congress, and Shri Vasant Kumar – Advisor, Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises, Government of India.
These awards are conferred upon to recognize and felicitate the achievements and the work done by institutions and individuals in improving the quality of education, and thereby continuously working towards making of a better India.
A comprehensive list of winners of the Better India Education Awards, 2018:
Pratibha Public School – Best CBSE School in Chhattisgarh
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic – Best Upcoming Polytechnic College in Maharashtra
Bal Bharati Public School, Pitampura – Best CBSE School in Delhi & NCR
Gandhi Memorial College, Srinagar – Best Degree College in Srinagar
Venus Public School – Best CBSE School in Gwalior
Shram Sadhana Bombay Trusts' College of Engineering and Technology – Best Multi-Disciplinary Engineering College in Maharashtra
BLM Institute of Technology & Management Science – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Rajasthan
Shri Ram Institute of Technology – Best Engineering College in Madhya Pradesh
Prof. (Dr.) Ajay Kumar – Best Educationist of the Year, 2018
Trinity Institute of Professional Studies (TIPS) – Best Professional Degree College in Delhi & NCR
New Era College of Science and Technology – Best Diploma Engineering College in Ghaziabad
Mehr Chand Polytechnic College – Best Polytechnic College in Punjab
Bhargava College of Engineering & Technology – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Jammu & Kashmir
Chanderprabhu Jain College of Higher Studies & School of Law – Best Institute in Delhi & NCR for Management and Legal Studies
Budge Budge Institute of Technology – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Kolkata
Meenakshi World School – Best International School in Gurgaon
MIT-ADT University, Pune – Best Private University of the Year
Swami Sant Dass Public School – Best CBSE School in Jalandhar
Nav Chetna College of Teacher's Education – Most Promising B.Ed. College in Dehradun
Vashistt Public School – Best Emerging CBSE School in Himachal Pradesh
Fortune Institute of International Business – Best Business School in North India
ISBM University – Best Emerging Private University in India
Flair Mania Bartending Academy – Best Bartending Institute in India
Butler Polytechnic – Best Polytechnic College in Gujarat
D.C. Model Senior Secondary School – Best Senior Secondary School in Punjab
Amar Shaheed Kanchan Singh Autonomous P.G. College, Fatehpur – Best Degree College in Uttar Pradesh
Dr. B.C. Roy Engineering College – Best Emerging Engineering College in India
Tirupati Group of Institutions, Ratia – Best Professional Group of Institutions in Haryana
Long View Public School – Best CBSE School in Nainital
Bunyad The Play School – Best Play School in Rewari
Vardhman Mahavir Public School – Best State Board School in Mandi
SHEDS College of Hospitality Management – Best Emerging Hotel Management College in Himachal Pradesh
Lakshmi Narain College of Pharmacy – Best Pharmacy College in Madhya Pradesh
VIBGYOR High, Vadodara – Best CBSE School in Gujarat
BFIT Group of Institutions, Dehradun – Best Life Sciences, Allied Sciences, Applied Sciences, Agricultural Sciences & Medical Sciences College in India
Harmon Educational Books – Most Innovative Publication House in Primary Education
Indo Kids International – Best Pre-School in Kolkata
The event concluded with a vote of thanks to all the present dignitaries, group photographs and press interviews of all the awardees and a sumptuous lunch where all the guests interacted with each other and shared good times and memories together.
About the Company:
TRR Network Private Limited is a top-rated, modern and full-service research and ratings agency specializing in both qualitative and quantitative research across a wide range of sectors. Today Research and Ratings (TRR) Network was established with one goal in mind – to consistently and significantly challenge the industry practices– and by doing so create the highest standard of excellence by which others should be judged. Our mission is to serve our clients by providing the highest quality professional services that addresses their business needs and growth strategies. We aspire for being a global leader by delivering world-class services, upholding the highest standards of client's satisfaction and ethical standards.
Contact Person: Mr. Ambuj/ Mr. Rajeev
Telephone: +91-120- 4107771
Mobile: +91-8448096740, +91-8448096745
Email: info@todayresearchandratings.com,
todayresearchnetwork@gmail.com
Website: www.todayresearchandratings.com
Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to Syria is a historic one, as it effectively marked the end of the supremacy of Daesh terrorist group, Chairman of Russian State Duma International Affairs Committee Leonid Slutsky said on Monday.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Russian President Vladimir Putin has visited the Hmeymim base in Latakia for the first time since the launch of the anti-terrorist operation at the request of President Bashar Assad.
"As part of a settlement in the region, today's visit by Vladimir Putin to Syria draws a line under the tough time when the IS (Daesh) militants had run the show. Today, Islamic State (Daesh) is literally cut into pieces," Chairman of Russian State Duma International Affairs Committee Leonid Slutsky said.
During an unannounced visit to the Hmeimim airbase, Putin ordered the withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria to their permanent bases after over 2 years of an anti-terrorist aerial campaign conducted in the Arab Republic and met with their Syrian counterpart, Bashar Assad. The Russian leader thanked the military personnel and claimed that the main victory was bringing the chance for peaceful settlement in Syria.
Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said Monday that the Russian military contingent had already begun to pullout from Syria, but the timetable of the withdrawal would be determined by the situation on the ground.
"It will depend on the situation," Shoigu told reporters in response to a question on how long it would take for the withdrawal of Russian forces.
Putin has emphasized that if the terrorists "lift up their head" in Syria, Russian forces will carry out strikes the likes of which "they've never seen", adding that the two bases, in Tartus and Hmeymim, as well as the center for Syrian reconciliation, would continue to operate.
© AFP 2017/ DELIL SOULEIMAN US-Led Coalition Tells Sputnik it Will Continue to Support Partners in Syria Amid Russian Troops' Pullout
Russia began a military campaign in Syria in late September 2015 at the request of Assad to fight Daesh. For the past two years, the Russian army has performed hundreds of airstrikes. During the Syrian campaign, Russian troops have cleared out more than 90 percent of Daesh-held territories, including the ancient city of Palmyra.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, more than 54,000 terrorists were killed during joint operations in Syria. Russia still helps Syrian civilians by delivering tonnes of humanitarian aid and providing medical support on a daily basis.
Police are still trying to work Alek Minassian's motive for the van attack that killed 10 people
The tipster had requested anonymity, saying they were concerned that they were in danger for knowing about the threat, according to the police report. The report states that the officer tried to reach out to the tipster by phone to obtain more information, but got no answer.
The officer also checked police databases to obtain more information on Patterson, to no avail. The tipster had said they did not have an address for Patterson, the report said.
"Without an age or address it was unknown who or if there was a problem" with Patterson, the officer wrote.
The shooting occurred shortly after Rackley had picked up Jase and their 11-year-old brother, Myles, at Brookwood Elementary School. Myles was critically wounded in the shooting, but is expected to recover. The 8-year-old daughter of another woman, who had given the Rackleys a ride, was shot in the leg.
Patterson rammed the SUV in which Rackley and their children were riding. They then opened fire in the middle of a busy street, where they eventually shot and killed himself, police say.
Documents and 911 tapes released Tuesday by Sandy police reveal that in the days before the shooting, Memorez Rackley was relentlessly stalked and threatened by Patterson, whom Rackley referred to as their ex-boyfriend.
Rackley called police June 3 at 2:30 a.m., saying Patterson — whom they had recently broken up with — had been harassing them for hours via text message. The afternoon before, they said, Patterson unexpectedly showed up at their nail salon appointment to confront them about the breakup, and prior to that, he'd followed them for nearly an hour while they were driving around Sandy with one of their young sons, according to police reports released to The Salt Lake Tribune in response to a public records request.
"It's just continual, they won't stop, and it's gotten to the point where he's threatened me, he's threatened the safety of my children, and I don't know what to do," Rackley told a Sandy dispatcher, according to a recording of a 911 call provided to The Tribune.
On June 3, Rackley also told police that Patterson made "multiple threats" over the phone, and that they "feared for their safety." They said Patterson had mentioned in the texts that they had guns, and they sent their photographs of their three boys, which they perceived as a threat against them. They said they were home alone.
Rackley initially declined to provide authorities with Patterson's name, and they asked officers not to contact him, "because I worry if they go knock on their door, he's going to come hunt me and my kids down."
"I'm pretty scared for my safety, and my children's safety, and I'm not quite sure what I need to do to report that, or try to keep myself safe," they said in the 911 call.
An officer told Rackley an extra patrol would be added to keep an eye on their home. And they informed them how they could petition for a protective order against Patterson.
About a half-hour after their initial phone conversation with the officer, police responded to the Rackley home, according to the report. Rackley told officers they thought Patterson had just been at their home and was wiggling the door handle. Police searched the area, but couldn't find him. They told Rackley they should stay at a friend's home until they could obtain the protective order.
Later on June 3, Rackley called police a third time. They told them Patterson had just followed one of their friends home from work in an effort to figure out where they are.
Montreal's health authority says 11 people have now died from complications related to the hot and humid weather.
Another four deaths have been reported in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal, with officials expected to provide an update later today.
Meanwhile, the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area is calling on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency.
Urgences-sante says it has been inundated by the volume of calls since a heat wave enveloping Eastern and Central Canada settled in for an extended stay over the weekend.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Dennis Edwards, whose unmistakable voice of the Motown era led The Temptations for two decades, died at age 74.
Edwards would have turned 75 Saturday. They died Thursday night in Chicago of complications from meningitis, their family confirmed.
The Grammy Award-winner was famed for the group's hits including Cloud Nine, Papa was a Rollin' Stone and I Can't Get Next to You.
On Friday, the band paid tribute to Edwards on social media.
"Very sad to learn of the passing of our brother, Dennis Edwards.  They are now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to their family. We acknowledge their extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music. Temptations Forever~Otis Williams."
Very sad to learn of the passing of our brother, Dennis Edwards.  They are now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to their family. We acknowledge their extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music. Temptations Forever~Otis Williams pic.twitter.com/ru7XZe0OJg - Temptations (@Temptsofficial) February 2, 2018
Also paying tribute via Twitter Friday, the Rev. Jesse Jackson.
"He inspired millions around the world. We shall remember him," Jackson tweeted. "So talented.  They are above #CloudNine, going higher."
Dennis Edwards, former lead, singer of the #Temptations. I went to visit them at @RushMedical. They slept away. In their life they inspired millions around the world. We shall all remember him. So talented.  They are above #CloudNine, going higher. RIP my brother beloved. pic.twitter.com/yg888HnOWz - Rev Jesse Jackson Sr (@RevJJackson) February 2, 2018
Edwards joined The Temptations in 1968, replacing lead singer David Ruffin. The group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 and received a Lifetime Achievement Grammy in 2013.
During their career, Edwards went solo with Motown Records. Don't Look Any Further, their first solo record, reached No. 2 on the R&B charts.
The research was led by epidemiologist Stephen Weng with the University of Nottingham. Their team plugged electronic medical records of nearly 300,000 UK patients into a quartet of machine-learning algorithms: Random Forest, Logistic Regression, Gradient Boosting and Neural Networks.
The algorithms analyzed the data to form patterns of who was at risk for a heart attack and why. The researchers then fed the machines data from another 80,000 patients and asked them to guess which of the patients were at high risk for a heart attack.
All four programs outperformed typical human diagnoses, which are usually done in accordance with the American Heart Association's (AHA) guide for risk factors. The AHA diagnosis success rate for this same group of patients was 72.8 percent, while the programs averaged 74.5-76.4 percent. The best of the four programs, Neural Networks, outperformed AHA guidelines by 7.6 percent.
While some risk factors for heart disease, such as age, cholesterol levels and blood pressure are easy to account for with AHA standards, other factors such as other diseases or medicines can confuse the diagnoses of human doctors.
A machine can overcome this limitation more easily, or so this experiment would suggest.
"There's a lot of interaction in biological systems. That's the reality of the human body. What computer science allows us to do is to explore those associations," said Weng in a statement.
Members of the medical community have expressed excitement over the findings. "I can't stress enough how important it is," Elsie Ross, a vascular surgeon at Stanford University who was not involved with the work, told Science, "and how much I really hope that doctors start to embrace the use of artificial intelligence to assist us in care of patients."
Heart disease is the number one killer in the United States, responsible for 23 percent of all deaths (or roughly 575,000 people) according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Early diagnosis of heart disease greatly decreases the chances of a heart attack.
If the machine-learning algorithms were used instead of AHA guidelines, 10 to 20,000 of those who would have died from heart attacks would receive an earlier diagnosis that could save their lives in the US alone — and that's just with existing technology.
The Mississippi Gaming Commission is monitoring Tropical Storm Nate and its potential impact on coast casinos.
Executive Director Allen Godfrey told WLOX News Now the commission is watching the weather forecast carefully and working with coast emergency managers. As of Friday afternoon, casino resorts are operating as usual.
"We have people on the coast monitoring things and attending emergency management meetings. We are watching it and being very fluid about everything," Godfrey said.
Godfrey said any decision about possible closings would be made in conjunction with emergency managers on the coast.
Coast casinos have extensive storm plans in place and are ready to take action to protect patrons, employees, and their properties.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Missouri State Treasurer Eric Schmitt held a Facebook Live Townhall on Thursday to discuss the recent expansion of Missouri's MOST 529 Savings Plan. The event included a discussion about what the changes mean for Missouri families, how the plan can be utilized and how to sign up for an account.
The full video is available here: http://bit.ly/2BOFNUW
MOST 529 is a tax-advantaged program that empowers Missouri families to save for a child's K-12 tuition and other qualified higher education expenses. Missourians who contribute to MOST 529 accounts are eligible for a tax deduction of up to $8,000 or $16,000 if married and filing jointly. Earnings in 529 accounts are not subject to federal income tax, so long as funds are spent on qualified expenses.
Prior to the passage of federal tax reform in December 2017, MOST 529 plans were limited to higher education expenses. Under the new provision, MOST 529 account owners can spend up to $10,000 annually on tuition expenses at public, private or religious elementary or secondary schools.
The townhall featured a special message from United States Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas), who sponsored the amendment to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that added K-12 tuition to eligible 529 expenses.
Gloucester City manager Tim Harris is hoping central defender Sam Avery can overcome a knock to take their place in the side to face Weston-super-Mare on Tuesday night.
The Tigers will be looking for their first win in National League South, against a side who are yet to pick up a point from their opening three games.
Gloucester has one, hitting back to draw 2-2 with Wealdstone on Saturday thanks to goals from Keiran Thomas and Robbie Cundy.
“We are not firing at the moment, but I was pleased that we came back against Wealdstone,” Harris said.
“Once their second goal went in I was fearing we may buckle, but we found some resolve, character and desire to earn the point.
“We shot ourselves in the foot, but I felt they grew some inner strength and didn't give up.
“It was important we got something out of the game and picked up that first point, but now we want that first win.”
Midfielder Joe Hanks is unavailable, while Karnell Chambers and Lewis Hall are out with hamstring injuries.
Chambers has a chance of returning for Saturday's home match against Hemel Hempstead Town, while Hall is progressing well and is hoping to back within three weeks.
Chris Knowles has had a setback on their recovery from knee surgery and is likely to miss another five weeks of action at least.
Harris played Spencer Hamilton at right-back against Wealdstone, with Thomas on the right side of midfield and scoring their first goal for the club.
Thomas and Hamilton handled the threat of winger Abobaker Eisa, the younger brother of Cheltenham Town striker Mohamed, capably.
Striker Ethan Moore was rested after two games in three days against Chelmsford City and Truro City, after making their comeback after a year out with a knee injury.
“I needed to make a few changes to the side as the Truro performance was not good and we conceded some poor goals,” Harris said.
“I expect Chelmsford and Wealdstone to be up there this season so although we are not where we need to be, it's early days yet.”
Hide press release Show press release
40 years of the Porsche 928 at the Oldtimer Grand Prix 2017
The anniversary of a classic car: Porsche is celebrating the 40th birthday of the 928 at the AvD Oldtimer Grand Prix 2017. The sports car manufacturer will present its first Gran Turismo from a wide range of perspectives at the Nürburgring from August 11 to 13.
Porsche will present its first Gran Turismo from a wide range of perspectives: A fully restored first-generation 928 will showcase the car in its original, standard condition. The four-door 928 and the cabriolet study remained individual pieces. Two additional exhibits prove that the legend is alive and well, having been used in classic motorsport and a round-the-world trip. A prominent guest expected to attend is Porsche collector and “Urban Outlaw” Magnus Walker. There will be an autograph session on Saturday at 3:00 pm and Sunday at 11:00 am.
Porsche Classic will showcase itself on an area of 16,000 m² in the immediate vicinity of the race track. The focus will be on the 928, which was introduced to the public in spring 1977 and became the first sports car to be distinguished with the title of “Car of the Year” one year later. It was an elegant 2+2 Coupé in a state-of-the-art lightweight design, with both doors, the front wings and the bonnet made of aluminium. The bodyshell is manufactured from hot-dip galvanised sheet steel. “Interest in the 928 is growing rapidly among our customers”, says Alexander Fabig, Director of Porsche Classic. “At the Nürburgring, we will revive it in all its diversity and give a few tasters of the expertise we offer”. In addition to the restored 928, Porsche Classic will present the bodyshell of a very early Porsche 911 Turbo from 1975 that has been restored according to the original specifications. The end result of a complete restoration will be documented by a Porsche 911 S from 1966 – one of the first of its type with the legendary Fuchs rims.
Gran Turismo: Four exhibits from the collection of the Porsche Museum
The four exhibits from the Porsche Museum collection illustrate the variety of Porsche's first Gran Turismo: The only four-door 928 that was ever approved at the factory for use on public roads was built on the initiative of Ferry Porsche in collaboration with American Specialty Cars (ASC). The renaissance of the sports cabriolet at the end of the 1970s led to a study for an open Gran Turismo, which will also be available to view. A 928 that was modified for classic motorsport awaits visitors in front of the VIP tent. Four British Porsche Classic Partners rebuilt the sports car according to factory specifications in 2016 and will use it at this year's “HSCC 70's Road Sports Championship”. Right next to it will be its long-distance counterpart: Last year, Frenchman Philippe Delaporte drove 30,000 kilometres from Paris to New York via Vladivostok in their 928.
Porsche is traditionally very well represented at the AvD Oldtimer Grand Prix. Porsche Exclusive Manufaktur will present numerous customised vehicles from all model lines. Customer advisors can provide information on factory enhancement options and the Porsche Tequipment range. Porsche Drive offers the opportunity to rent a current Porsche model by the hour. The Porsche Driver's Selection event truck presents the current collection. “For many years, the AvD Oldtimer Grand Prix has given us the ideal platform for presenting our wide range of services to an interested audience”, says Ingo Frenkel, whose responsibilities include the Exclusive Manufaktur, Tequipment and Classic business areas, summarising Porsche's commitment to the event.
Ornament SKU: 180319-71056-1
UPC: 763795349944
Weight: 1.02 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Star Wars items
Product Types: Products | Memorabilia | Toys & Figures
Genres: Action | Adventure | Drama | Family | Fantasy | Science Fiction | Sequels
Studio: Hallmark | Lucasfilm
Original U.S. Release: December 15, 2017
Rating: PG
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Star Wars fan will love this Hallmark Collectible Christmas ornament modeled after an Elite Praetorian guard from Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi clad in crimson.
Features
Ribbon hanger included
Package doubles as display piece
Specifications
Size: 3.38 inches tall
Material: Polyresin
Cast: Adam Driver | Andy Serkis | Anthony Daniels | Benicio Del Toro | Carrie Fisher | Daisy Ridley | Domhnall Gleeson | Frank Oz | Gwendoline Christie | John Boyega | Kelly Marie Tran | Laura Dern | Lupita Nyong'o | Mark Hamill | Oscar Isaac
Directors: Rian Johnson
Project Name: Star Wars: The Last Jedi
Related Items
Categories
Action | Adventure | Drama | Family | Fantasy | Featured | Hallmark | Lucasfilm | Memorabilia | Science Fiction | Sequels | Toys & Figures
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- The State Fair of Texas is right around the corner and it means Big Tex and the gang are already kicking off preparations.
Not only is securing those corn dog stands important, but securing the security is the bigger issue!
Every year Dallas Police Department sends over 200 of their officers to guard the fairgrounds. With a recent shortage in staffing, DPD has found themselves in a funnel.
"We have reduced the number of officers we put down there in an 'on-duty' capacity and we're increasing the number of officers we're hiring in an 'off duty' capacity," explained interim Chief David Pughes.
The state fair will have to bring in other agencies to make sure they have enough security. This will include Dallas Independent School District, the Dallas County Sherriff's office, and DART Police.
If an off-duty Dallas Police officer wants to spend their or their free time keeping people safe at the fair, they or they will be able to apply through The State Fair.
"Security at the Fair is a priority for us, Pughes added. "But, greater than that, we have to ensure that the people that are coming and going and living and playing in the city are safe too!"
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Police have arrested a third suspect after opponents to the Dakota Access pipeline hung a banner from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The 27-year-old woman is accused of obstructing legal process. Police haven't released details of their role in the incident Sunday afternoon.
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass. Formal charges are pending.
The game wasn't interrupted, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution.
Advertisement
The Dakota Access pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) They live and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too. Follow them on Twitter: @duckblog
The group drank water from rock pools and ate witchetty grubs to survive after their car got bogged after heavy rains.
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding Wednesday on whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South.
If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult.
But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages.
“It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how they sold companies on why they should come to the state. “We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.”
At least that part of the tactic has worked. While some South Carolina workers have representation — just more than 1,900, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures — most don't. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference.
Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants. Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said.
“Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.”
A “yes” vote would be meaningful throughout the region, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. “Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now, especially the development … of the U.S. automotive industry, any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing.”
What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences for workers.
“The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” they said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether.”
Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts. Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents.
“Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!”
Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later.
“Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States,” Cornfield said, “it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States, giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period.”
Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying they needed their help to “fight the unions” at Boeing.
“They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it,” Templeton said.
On Monday, in a final gathering before the vote, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote “yes” on Wednesday.
“Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers from the crowd. “It's not going to be this way anymore.”
___
Associated Press writer Emery P. Dalesio in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
___
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of their work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
JOHANNESBURG - South Africa's trade and industry department said it would in partnership with the department of small business development, the Eastern Cape provincial government and Buffalo City municipality host a two-day broad-based black economic empowerment summit aimed at creating and developing entrepreneurs in rural and township communities.
It said the July 19-20 summit would also create a platform for all three spheres of government and the presidential BEE advisory council to enter into dialogue with the private sector and the general public.
"These engagements and discussions will be critical in ensuring that an all-inclusive society that is economically developed and sustainable is achieved,” trade and industry minister Rob Davies said.
The government has highlighted the need to encourage entrepreneurship to help create jobs in a country grappling with unemployment of around 27 percent of the labour force.
- African News Agency (ANA)
WASHINGTON (AP) - South Korea's foreign minister says North Korea's leader has "given their word" he's committed to denuclearization, a prime condition for a potential summit with President Donald Trump in May.
Trump has agreed to what would be historic talks after South Korean officials relayed that Kim Jong-un was committed to ridding the Korean Peninsula of nuclear weapons and was willing to halt nuclear and missile tests.
North Korea hasn't publicly confirmed the summit plans, and a meeting place isn't known.
South Korea's Kang Kyung-wha says Seoul has asked the North "to indicate in clear terms the commitment to denuclearization" and they say Kim's "conveyed that commitment."
They tell CBS' "Face the Nation" that "he's given their word" and it's "the first time that the words came directly" from the North's leader.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Nobody warned me this would happen. Nobody told me that someday I'd think going to work with the remnants of a toddler's boogers on my shoulder was an OK thing to do (much less the right thing to do). And nobody told me I would do baby talk — sometimes even in public. I was definitely not properly warned about the belly button healing process, or that it's normal to see your babe's heartbeat on the top of their head (don't worry, it's not the brain trying to leap out of their skull or a baby aneurysm).
President Donald Trump on Tuesday said it was a “stupid question” for a reporter to ask if he'd consider a pardon for their personal attorney, Michael Cohen.
“Are you considering a pardon for Michael Cohen,” a reporter was heard asking during a pool spray in the Oval Office, as Trump sat next to French President Emmanuel Macron.
“Stupid question,” Trump responded.
Cohen's home, office and hotel were raided earlier this month as part of a months-long criminal probe. Trump called the raids “an attack on our country” and “a whole new level of unfairness.”
Trump has so far used their pardon power on two people: Former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a close political ally, and former George W. Bush administration official Scooter Libby.
Both pardons raised questions about whether the President meant to broadcast their willingness to pardon political allies caught up in special counsel Robert Mueller's probe. On Saturday, Trump wrote that they were considering a pardon for the late boxer Jack Johnson.
"Stupid question," Trump tells a reporter during an Oval Office meeting with French President Macron. pic.twitter.com/dz6q6VBxdC — David Taintor (@davidtaint) April 24, 2018
This post has been updated.
KANSAS CITY - Schools around the area are preparing for the solar eclipse.
A couple districts have purchased solar eclipse glasses and will be incorporating information about the eclipse into their curriculum in the days leading up to the phenomenon.
Transparency Market Research has published a new report titled “Defoamers Market – Latin America Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023.” According to the report, the Latin America defoamers market was valued at US$196.2 mn in 2014 and is anticipated to reach US$273.1 mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 3.8% between 2015 and 2023.
Read Report Overview @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/latin-america-defoamers-market.html
Rise in demand for defoamers in paper and pulp, food and beverages, and water treatment applications in Latin America has been driving the defoamers market. Defoamers are used to reduce and prevent formation of foam. Foam poses difficulties to various industries such as chemicals, especially during the biochemical process. It hampers flow of liquid and blocks transfer of oxygen from air. Therefore, defoamers such as silicone oils are added to prevent the problem of foaming. Silicone-based defoamers are the most widely used defoamers across the globe in various applications including paper and pulp, water treatment, paints and coatings, food and beverages, and others. Growth in various application industries especially in Brazil and Argentina is driving the Latin America defoamers market. However, stringent regulatory policies are estimated to hamper the market growth in the near future.
Silicone-based defoamers was the largest product segment, accounting for more than 40% share of the Latin America defoamers market in 2014. Silicone-based defoamers are considered heavy-duty defoamers and are good at both cracking down surface foam and releasing entrapped air. Oil-based defoamers constituted the second-largest share of the Latin America defoamers market in 2014. Oil-based defoamers have an oil carrier; oil may be mineral oil, vegetable oil, white oil, or any other oil that is insoluble in the foaming medium, except silicone oil. Water-based defoamers are also among the major product segments of the Latin America defoamers market.
In terms of demand, paper and pulp has been dominating the defoamers market since the past few years. Defoamers used in the paper and pulp industry include water-based defoamers, oil-based defoamers, powder defoamers, silicone-based defoamers, and alkyl polyacrylates defoamers. Defoamers used in the paper and pulp industry tackle problems of surface foam and entrapped air. In terms of demand, paints and coatings accounted for the second-largest share of the defoamers market in 2014. Other major applications of defoamers include food & beverages and water treatment.
Request to view Sample Report:
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=8386
In terms of demand, Brazil has been dominating the defoamers market during the past few years. The region held over 60% share of the Latin America demand for defoamers in 2014. This trend is estimated to continue during the forecast period. Rise in demand for defoamers in paper and pulp, water treatment, and food and beverages are key factors driving the defoamers market in Latin America.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Emergency crews are responding to an injury crash on the southbound side of the Kilpatrick Turnpike in far northwest OKC, Friday afternoon.
Authorities tell News 9 one person was transported from the scene, non-emergency-status, for the single-vehicle crash involving a pickup hauling a camper. It happened on a bridge just to the south of W. Wilshire Blvd.
Th cause of the crash has not yet been determined.
This is a developing story.
Keep checking with News 9 and News9.com for more information.
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police say 27-year-old Tyrell Dechamp has been charged with two counts of first-degree murder and one count of attempted murder more than a year-and-a-half after the deaths of two men.
Homicide investigators arrested Dechamp at the Atlantic Institution correctional facility in Renous, N.B. at 8:37 a.m. Friday.
Dechamp is charged in the deaths of 29-year-old Tyler Richards -- who was found dead inside a home on April 17, 2016 -- and 23-year-old Naricho Clayton, who was killed two days later.
"As you can appreciate, these are complex investigations. There are mountains of evidence to collect along the way, and this week we felt that we were in a position to advance it, make the case and put it before the courts," said Halifax Regional Police Supt. Jim Perrin.
Officers responded to a home in the 6900 block of Cook Avenue at 7:55 p.m. on April 17, 2016. Officers found the body of Richards inside. Their death was later ruled a homicide.
On April 19, 2016, police responded to the 2000 block of Gottingen Street before 11 p.m. after receiving several reports that shots had been fired.
When officers arrived, they found two men with gunshot wounds inside a vehicle. Clayton, of Dartmouth, was pronounced dead at the scene. Their death was ruled a homicide. A 31-year-old man originally from Halifax was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries, but they survived.
Dechamp was charged with attempted murder in the case of the injured man.
Investigators say Dechamp will appear in a Halifax courtroom on Monday to face the murder and attempted murder charges.
Janice Richards, Tyler's mother, declined to appear on camera, but said they feel great relief that a charge has been laid in connection with their son's death.
A memorial wall in Mulgrave Park testifies to the continued mourning for Richards, a former basketball star at St. Francis Xavier University and with the Halifax Rainmen.
Elaine Williams of the Mulgrave Park Tenants Association described Richards as "a young man who was in their prime, and had so much to offer to the community, and really, life,"
Community members of Mulgrave Park say they believe the courtroom will be packed when Dechamp appears in court.
Police remain open to the idea that others may have been involved in the murders. They also believe all parties involved knew each other.
Last April, Dechamp was arrested in Ottawa on a Canada-wide warrant for being unlawfully at large.
At the time of the shootings, Dechamp was on a statutory release from prison, where they had served two-thirds of a five-year sentence for second-degree murder and aggravated assault in connection with another case.
Parole documents reveal they killed a man by stabbing them in the neck and punched a woman hard enough to cause bleeding of the brain.
Dechamp was released on a number of conditions, including an order to stay in a halfway house in Halifax.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Ron Shaw.
“Bluetooth is what your Mac uses to connect to wireless devices like keyboards, mice, trackpads, speakers, and other peripherals,” Tim Hardwick writes for MacRumors.
“Generally, it's a reliable technology,” Hardwick writes. “At some point however, the chances are you'll run into difficulty establishing a Bluetooth connection with one or more of your devices.”
“Most problems can be fixed by unpairing and repairing the Bluetooth device, changing its batteries, rebooting your Mac, or performing an SMC reset,” Hardwick writes. “But if none of these methods work, you can always try resetting your Mac's Bluetooth module.”
How to reset your Mac's Bluetooth module to fix connection issues by using hidden Bluetooth Debug menu here.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Cheltenham has a new eating and drinking destination as of this week and we've had a look inside.
The Suffolk Arms has reopened to the public and we think it looks pretty smart.
Meet the Independents: The Suffolks in Cheltenham
The pub has undergone a huge, bringing in a modern fresh look with bright walls, new flooring and an expanded eating area.
Now run by Bermondsey Pub Co, owned by Ei Group, the pub has been given fresh life, with a new pizza oven knocking out artisan treats.
The skittle alley has been removed and the conservatory at the back of the building torn down to create a paved courtyard.
Residents living close to the pub have been invited to a grand reopening party on August 17 from 5.30pm onwards.
Labor has announced Tania Lawrence as the party's new candidate for the Darling Range by-election.
Ms Lawrence is Labor's second candidate for the seat after its first candidate, Colleen Yates, pulled out of the race last week after questions emerged over their claims about their academic qualifications they made online.
Ms Lawrence, who lives in Mundaring, works at Woodside and has also served in the public sector, in emergency response management and counter-terrorism roles.
They were also the first elected female president of Motorcycling Australia.
“My community deserves to have a strong local voice in the McGowan Labor Government, and as a Mundaring local, I am putting myself forward to be that voice.,” Ms Lawrence said.
“The McGowan Government is getting on with delivering the projects and services our community needs – like the Byford rail line, fixing Denny Avenue, a new primary school in Byford, better health services and community safety initiatives.
“I will be an advocate for my community in the McGowan Labor Government – a strong, local voice standing up for what really matters.”
Premier Mark McGowan confirmed Ms Lawrence held a Bachelor of Arts in economics and Asian Studies.
“Tania's record speaks for itself, they will be a strong voice in my government,” they said.
“As a local resident, with a wealth of experience in the public and private sectors, Tania will be an effective local Member of Parliament for this community.
“My government has a big, job-creating agenda for the Darling Range electorate and I want Tania leading the way, as we deliver on that agenda.”
The by-election, prompted by the resignation of disgraced former MP Barry Urban, will be held on June 23.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Hongkong Electric awards contract to MHPS for gas-fired GTCC power generation equipment
Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems (MHPS) has secured a contract from Hongkong Electric (HK Electric) to supply natural-gas-fired gas turbine combined cycle (GTCC) power generation system equipment.
Under the deal, MHPS will supply GTCC power generation system equipment for Lamma power station extension project, which will be developed in Hong Kong.
Lamma power station extension project is a 11th unit with an output of 350MW. The prime contractor of the project is Mitsubishi Corporation (MC).
Through MC, MHPS will provide main components for the power plant, which is expected to be operational in 2022.
MHPS also secured a supply contract for the 10th unit at the end of last year.
The company will manufacture and distribute its M701F gas turbine, steam turbine, heat recovery steam generator and air quality control system for the GTCC power generation facility. Mitsubishi Electric will provide generator for the project.
MHPS will manufacture and distribute its M701F gas turbine, steam turbine, heat recovery steam generator and air quality control system for the GTCC power generation facility.
Mitsubishi Electric will provide generator for the project.
The newly ordered GTCC power generation facilities will be developed on Lamma Island, which is located to the southwest of Hong Kong Island and next to ninth unit and 10th unit that is under construction.
HK Electric managing director Wan Chi-tin said: “MHPS has supplied power generation equipment for about 99 percent of our output base so far, and this latest order also reflects our high assessment of the excellent performance and proven track record of MHPS products."
Image: Mitsubishi to supply GTCC power generation system equipment for Lamma power station extension project. Photo: courtesy of MITSUBISHI HITACHI POWERSYSTEMS, LTD.
Frank and Gertrude Wiese and Gilbert and Barb Schmidgall are former Hancock residents. The Schmidgalls and Frank Wiese live in Skyview Estates in Morris and Gertrude Wiese lives in West Wind Villa nursing home in Morris.
The Wieses were married in July 1946. Frank played town team baseball at the time. "I think the baseball team was at the wedding," they said. "It was an evening wedding with the Rev. Juel."
The couple and guests went to the Pavilion in Glenwood to dance after the wedding.
"He went into the Army so we had a small wedding just before, (that)," Barb Schmidgall said.
Gilbert was based in Texas. "Fort Hood, Texas, that's where we spent the first 18 months of our honeymoon," they said.
The Schmidgalls aren't exactly sure how the marriage proposal happened but Gilbert believes it happened over the phone when they were stationed in Kentucky.
"I think it was over the telephone," they said.
"That could be right because they were calling (regularly)," Barb said.
Frank, too, was a little uncertain of how they proposed. "I think it was on Friday night when we went to the show. I said 'I'd like to get married within the next month or two' and they agreed."
Details of the wedding and the marriage proposal may be slightly unclear but they know what attracted them, and still, does to their spouse.
"She was a farm kid like me," Frank aid of the then Gertrude Eckstein. "We both hit it off together. They were a hard little worker." They admire and appreciates their love for their three children. "She was a great mother. The kids come first," Frank said.
Gertie lives in the nursing home now because their memory is fading. They do still recognize their husband.
"She waits a door for me. They hate to see me go. That's the worst of it," Frank said.
Barb and Gilbert sat across from each other in their living room when Barb said they liked Gilbert's humor.
"He has a very good sense of humor," they said. "He's the life of the party when they are there."
Barb is "a good cook," Gilbert said.
"I feel like I am but I don't cook anymore," Barb said.
Still, she's a good cook, they said. And they cooked for 10 years at a home for the developmentally disabled in Hancock for at least 10 years, Gilbert said.
Gilbert also appreciates that their wife is "economical. We didn't spending anything on anything we didn't need."
"That's right," Barb said.
The Wieses raised three children and so did the Schmidgalls. The Schmidgalls had one child who died as an infant. "After 23 hours," Gilbert said.
Many of their married years were filled with work, raising the family and activities of rural small town life.
Gilbert worked at Hancock Concrete. Frank farmed for several years and then bought a local gas station as part of a partnership with their brother who owned a bulk fuel station.
The couples said they regularly exchanged anniversary cards, Christmas and birthday gifts and Valentine's cards.
"Cards, candy," Frank said.
Frank said a second ring they bought for Gertie may have been for Valentine's Day. "The first (wedding) ring went to pot," Frank said. "It wasn't very good." They found a second ring for $250 at the local drug store. The drug store owner told Frank to have it appraised and the value far exceeded $250, Frank said.
"She was really happy that I gave them that ring," Frank said.
Barb recalls receiving a variety of different gifts and cards from their husband. "He used to (give cards) but he's kind of slacking off that now," they said.
Gilbert nodded toward a table and said there was a card in the table they could use this year.
"He's pretty good to me," Barb said with a smile.
Wiese and the Schmidgalls said married life has been good but it's not without it's spats.
"You've gotta learn to forgive each other," Frank said. "Sometimes, something bothers you and you end up taking it out on somebody else. You should do that." Yet, sometimes, another person gets the brunt, they said. Apologizing and forgiveness are important, they said. " And making up was fun," they said.
"Once in awhile I'd apologize to them and once in awhile she'd apologize to me," Gilbert said.
"We have been together (for this many) years I guess it was all good," Barb said.
Lead investigator Detective-Sergeant Graham Gibson says the victims of the Toronto attack were 'predominantly women' and they ranged in age from the mid-20s to 80s
Published 8:46 AM, April 25, 2018
TORONTO, Canada – A Canadian man who apparently had a grudge against women was charged with murder Tuesday, April 24, after allegedly plowing a rented van onto a crowded Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 people – an incident that shocked the nation.
Police said the suspect, 25-year-old Alek Minassian, was not known to them before the carnage Monday, April 23, in Canada's most populous city, which also left 14 people injured. Most of the victims were women.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale played down any suggestion that the attack bore the hallmarks of those carried out by truck-driving extremists in London, Nice and other cities, saying "there is no discernable connection to national security."
But authorities said the incident during the busy lunch hour Monday was undoubtedly deliberate.
Lead investigator Detective-Sergeant Graham Gibson said Minassian had posted a "cryptic message on Facebook minutes before they began driving the rented van" along a long stretch of Yonge Street, eventually jumping the curb onto the sidewalk.
In the post, Minassian praised mass killer Elliot Rodger – a 22-year-old American who murdered 6 people and them themselves in California in 2014, and who had professed frustration over their virginity and women rejecting him.
The suspect's post also referred to the "Incel Rebellion" – "incel" is short for "involuntarily celibate" and is often used in connection with online groups of men who are known to rant against women.
Gibson said the victims of the Toronto attack were "predominantly women" and they ranged in age from the mid-20s to 80s.
Minassian also referred to themselves on social media as a private in the army. Canadian military spokesperson Jessica Lamirande confirmed that they enlisted last August but asked to be discharged after only 16 days of basic training.
A shaven-headed Minassian appeared in court early Tuesday to hear the charges against them – 10 counts of premeditated murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. A 14th count of attempted murder was pending after the toll of injured was revised down.
Minassian stood impassively with their hands behind their back, wearing a white police jumpsuit. They were calm as they were led away.
The suspect is scheduled to return to court on May 10 for a bail hearing.
Victim was 'shining light'
Several of the victims were named in court documents, but others were still being identified by the coroner, who brought in extra help overnight.
The first of the dead to be publicly identified was Anne Marie D'Amico, who worked at an investment management company near the scene.
Them family called them a "shining light," saying in a statement: "We hope that in this time, people fight with the same altruism (she had) rather than anger and hatred."
Two South Koreans were among the dead, a foreign ministry official in Seoul told Agence France-Presse, adding that another of the country's citizens was seriously injured.
A Jordanian national was also killed.
'Quite strange'
Minassian lived with their father in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, and police searched the home on Tuesday.
Students who attended a vocational school with the suspect described them as withdrawn and awkward.
Ari Blaff, who went to high school with Minassian, told public broadcaster CBC that their behavior "was usually quite strange."
But Blaff said he'd "never noticed anything violent" – the suspect just "made people feel uneasy around him."
Minassian's mother told a community newspaper in 2009 that they suffered from a form of autism known as Asperger's syndrome.
'Senseless attack'
On Tuesday, police continued to comb the crime scene for evidence, while crowds gathered at a makeshift memorial to leave messages of condolences and flowers.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne was among those who stopped to leave flowers, pausing to read cards left in remembrance of the dead.
In Ottawa, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told a news conference: "Canadians across the country are shocked and saddened by this senseless attack."
But, they added: "We must not start living in fear and uncertainty every day as we go about our daily lives." – Rappler.com
FILE - In this Sept. 29, 2012, file photo, a man pushes their motorbike at a palm oil plantation in Nagan Raya, Aceh province, Indonesia. Greenpeace said Monday, March 19, 2018 household brands including PepsiCo and Johnson & Johnson are refusing to disclose where they get their palm oil from despite vows to stop buying from companies that cut down tropical forests to grow the widely used commodity. The environmental group said that in January it asked 16 major brands to reveal their suppliers of palm oil, which is mainly grown in Indonesia and Malaysia and used in a slew of consumer products from snacks to cosmetics. (AP Photo/Dita Alangkara, File)
FILE - In this Sept. 29, 2012, file photo, a man pushes their motorbike at a palm oil plantation in Nagan Raya, Aceh province, Indonesia. Greenpeace said Monday, March 19, 2018 household brands including PepsiCo and Johnson & Johnson are refusing to disclose where they get their palm oil from despite vows to stop buying from companies that cut down tropical forests to grow the widely used commodity. The environmental group said that in January it asked 16 major brands to reveal their suppliers of palm oil, which is mainly grown in Indonesia and Malaysia and used in a slew of consumer products from snacks to cosmetics. (AP Photo/Dita Alangkara, File)
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) - Greenpeace says several major household brands including Hershey and Johnson & Johnson have failed to disclose where they get their palm oil from despite vows to stop buying from companies that cut down tropical forests to grow the widely used commodity.
The environmental group said Monday that in January it asked 16 major brands to reveal their suppliers of palm oil, which is mainly grown in Indonesia and Malaysia and used in a slew of consumer products from snacks to cosmetics. It said eight disclosed the information and eight refused.
Greenpeace said that adds to concern international consumer goods companies are "way off track" in meeting a 2010 commitment to remove deforestation-linked palm oil from their supply chains by 2020.
"Corporate commitments and polices have proliferated, but companies have largely failed to implement them," it said.
Colgate-Palmolive, General Mills, Mars, Mondelez, Nestle, Procter & Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser and Unilever agreed to publicly disclose the mills that produce the palm oil they buy and the names of groups that control the mills. Ferrero, Hershey, Kellogg's, Kraft Heinz, Johnson & Johnson, PepsiCo, PZ Cussons and Smucker had not provided the information, according to Greenpeace.
PepsiCo said in a statement Monday that a list of the mills that make the palm oil it uses would be released "in the coming days."
"PepsiCo remains committed to our goal of 100 percent certified sustainable palm oil by 2020," the company said.
Globally, four industries - palm oil, soya, logging and cattle rearing - are the biggest destroyers of the virgin forests that are a crucial buffer against the rise in global temperatures.
Indonesia, which has overtaken Brazil as the country cutting down its forests at the fastest rate, lost 24 million hectares of rainforest between 1990 and 2015, Greenpeace said citing government data.
"Alarmingly, the destruction of Indonesia's rainforests for palm oil shows no signs of slowing down," the group said.
Groups representing the palm oil industry in Indonesia and Malaysia contend that much of the opposition to palm oil is a protectionist effort by rival industries in Western nations.
They point to an initiative known as the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil as evidence they are taking conservation and other commitments seriously.
But Greenpeace said neither the industry initiative nor governments can be relied on to prevent palm oil producers from clearing forests.
"Palm oil traders, typically corporations that also have plantation interests, continue to allow oil from rainforest destroyers into their mills, refineries and distribution systems," it said.
MONDAY, April 23, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Fitness buffs who push themselves to the limit during workouts might slightly increase their risk of developing amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a new study suggests.
The same may hold true for working stiffs whose jobs place extreme physical demands upon them, the European researchers said.
But the study did not prove that extreme exercise actually causes ALS risk to rise.
And it should be noted that ALS remains incredibly rare, afflicting only about 20,000 Americans at any given time, according to the ALS Association. Even with the relative increased risk seen in the study, people should continue getting regular workouts and not worry about working hard, experts said.
"If you adopt a sedentary lifestyle, you're going to die much faster of heart disease than you will of ALS if you go out and exercise vigorously," said David Putrino, director of rehabilitation innovation at the Mount Sinai Health System in New York City. "Under no circumstances should anyone stop exercising because of this study."
The study authors said that at work or play, the observed increased risk for what is also known as Lou Gehrig's disease "can be translated into a 26 percent increase in risk, when comparing a person who is more active than average and a person who is less active than average."
There's also a dose relationship -- the harder a person works out, the more likely they or they may be to develop ALS, suggested study senior researcher Dr. Leonard van den Berg, director of the Netherlands ALS Center at the University Medical Center Utrecht.
"We observed a linear association, which means that the risk appeared to increase with each increase in exercise level" over a person's lifetime, van den Berg said.
ALS kills off the motor neurons in the brain and spinal cord, causing progressive degeneration in a person's ability to control their muscles. As the disease proceeds, people may lose the ability to speak, eat, move and breathe. It is always fatal, and there is no cure in sight.
Baseball legend Lou Gehrig died from ALS in 1941 at age 37 after the disease forced their retirement from the diamond. Ever since then, physical activity has been thought of as a possible risk factor for the disease, the authors said in background notes.
To test this theory, the researchers compared the lifestyles of 1,557 adults newly diagnosed with ALS in Ireland, Italy and the Netherlands against 2,922 people who don't have the motor neuron disease.
They assessed each person's lifetime amount of physical activity in Metabolic Equivalent of Task (MET) minutes, which express the amount of energy a person burns for every minute of physical activity.
The researchers found an overall 6 percent increased risk of ALS from strenuous leisure time or work activities. That translates into a 26 percent increase when comparing most and least active people.
Despite that, "the background risk of ALS is relatively low. Although there is an increase in risk, the overall risk does indeed remain low," van den Berg said.
Exercise could cause some sort of neurotoxic effect in the body of people with certain genetic profiles, Putrino and van den Berg said.
This could be due to inflammation and oxidative stress placed on the body, or changes in body chemistry that are harmful to nerve cells, the experts said.
It's also possible that people who work out more often regularly expose themselves to environmental factors that promote ALS, versus couch potatoes who stay indoors, Putrino said.
Putrino said this study's true value is in providing one more clue to why ALS occurs.
People should continue to exercise, even if they have a family member with ALS, Putrino and van den Berg said.
"We would not advise people to stop exercising, since exercise has many beneficial effects for health and overall well-being," van den Berg said.
"In all cases the best thing we can say to anyone right now is moderate exercise most days of the week for 30 minutes a day is the best way to maintain optimal health," Putrino said, adding that moderate exercise is at a level "where you can still conduct a comfortable conversation while exercising."
The new study appears in the April 23 issue of the Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Psychiatry.
More information
The ALS Association has more about amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
SOURCES: Leonard van den Berg, M.D., Ph.D., director, Netherlands ALS Center, University Medical Center Utrecht; David Putrino, Ph.D., director, rehabilitation innovation, Mount Sinai Health System, New York City; April 23, 2018, Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Psychiatry Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ENGLAND FORWARD JAMIE Vardy will have an assessment on a groin injury sustained in their World Cup last-16 win over Colombia.
Vardy came on as a late substitute in normal time of Tuesday's game in Moscow, which ended 1-1 after Yerry Mina cancelled out Harry Kane's penalty with an injury-time equaliser.
The Leicester City striker suffered a groin strain in extra-time, during which neither team was able to find a winner.
Vardy had been reportedly set to take England's fifth penalty in the subsequent shoot-out, but Eric Dier stepped up in their stead and scored the decisive spot-kick.
The 31-year-old has started in just one of their three appearances at the tournament, playing the full 90 minutes in the loss to Belgium.
England are set to face Sweden in the last eight in Samara, though Vardy's availability is in doubt as they bid to progress to the semi-finals for the first time since 1990.
The winner of that tie will face either Croatia or Russia in the last four.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
By The Associated Press
PARIS (AP) — Paris' prosecutor's office says that three suspects in a thwarted attack last week in the southern French city of Montpellier have been handed preliminary terrorism charges.
Authorities gave only the suspects' first names. A teenage girl, Sara, and a man called Thomas were charged with terrorist association and possessing explosives Tuesday night. Another man, Malik, was also charged with justifying terrorism.
Last week, anti-terrorism forces uncovered a makeshift laboratory for fabricating a bomb. France's top security official Friday said the raid thwarted an “imminent attack.”
A police official said the teenage girl — among several arrested — had pledged loyalty to the Islamic State group in a recent video.
Advertisement
France is still under a state of emergency after several deadly attacks in 2015 and 2016.
MAHALIA SMITH | CONTRIBUTING WRITER
Ninety years ago, the Austin Peay Normal School was signed in to existence. Over the years, it has gone through many changes to become the university it is today.
To honor APSU's birthday, there are several events going on throughout April, ending in the 90-hour Govs Give campaign.
Tonya Leszczak, assistant director of alumni relations and special events, has been planning for the near-centennial for a long time.
“I think it has been nine months,” Leszczak said.
The month of celebration kicked off in Nashville at a well-received Predators game, according to Rylan Kean, director of annual giving.
“We sold out on our tickets, the Predators actually let us know that we had two to three times more than any other school because of their spirit nights.” Kean said.
Everyone joined in on the fun, including APSU President White.
“President White got to ride on the Zamboni in the second quarter, so that was fun,” Leszczak said. “The plaza before the game was completely APSU spirit, so we had the band and cheer, we had the communications van there that was newly wrapped. When you entered, you knew it was APSU night.”
The anniversary events will continue with the scholarship donor dinner on Thursday, April 18, and Rivers and Spires from April 21-22.
“It's the 15th and final Rivers and Spires, so it's the last RS for the city,” Leszczak said. “Every year we have lots of APSU areas that set up for RS but were bringing them all together under one APSU tent.”
Since it is the last Rivers and Spires, APSU plans to have a more inviting tent.
“Fans will be able to come in and check out different departments. There will be interactive displays and information.” Leszczak said.
Everything leads up to the Govs Give event.
“The Govs Give campaign itself is the cumulating event to AP at 90.” Kean said. “This is our first year doing an online giving campaign and our goal is $90,000 in 90 hours.”
People will have the chance to donate to APSU's different colleges, including student affairs and athletics. APSU is also offering matching gifts for donations up to $250. That is, if someone gives $20, $40 will be donated.
During the campaign, there will be special Facebook filters so the APSU community can advertise the event.
“The idea is to engage our entire community in a spirit week,” Kean said. “It's a grassroots campaign, we as a university will be emailing people and blasting it out on all our social media. We want people to be involved organically and be a champion for their own area.”
April 26 is APSU's 90th birthday. There will be a short celebration at noon on the Browning lawn.
“It is just a way of celebrating the history of APSU, but also looking towards the future,” Leszczak said.
Being able to save money on your household bills wherever possible is top of the list for many homeowners. Smart thermostats are one of the best ways to keep your heating bills as low as possible as you can select exactly when you want the heating to come on and when you want to use hot water.
Hive by British Gas is one of the better systems we've come across and in the Amazon Easter Sales, you can get the Active Heating smart thermostat of £125, saving you £54.
The Hive Active Heating thermostat is relatively easy to install, but if you think you will need a professional, then you can save there too, as Amazon is offering it with professional installation for £175, saving you £74.
The Hive system works not only via the gorgeous thermostat, but from a smartphone app and web browser, giving you precise control over all aspects of your heating system. It works with Amazon Alexa too, so you can use voice commands to adjust settings, and it also has a geofence feature so can kick into action when it detects you're on your way home from work.
If you've been looking to invest in a smart thermostat for a while, now is the best time, but as with Amazon's other Easter deals, this one only lasts 24 hours.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) - UK teacher wins highly competitive $1 million Global Teaching Prize for work with inner city students .
Start brainstorming which celebrity showdowns you want to see on the next season of Hollywood Game Night.
NBC has renewed the Jane Lynch-hosted game show for a 13-episode sixth season, bringing back the supersized backyard games as well as introducing new challenges. A premiere date was not announced.
A special edition of Hollywood Game Night will air on Thursday, May 24 as part of NBC's annual Red Nose Day fundraiser.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
* Season 3 of AMC's Preacher has cast Jonny Coyne (The Blacklist, Once Upon a time in Wonderland) in the recurring role of Allfather D'Aronique, possibly the most powerful man in the world, Deadline reports.
RELATEDPreacher Renewed for Season 3 at AMC
* Stellan Skarsgård (Good Will Hunting) and Emily Watson (Breaking the Waves) have been cast in HBO's Chernobyl miniseries as Boris Shcherbina and Ulana Khomyuk, per Deadline.
* Check out the poster for Marvel's Cloak & Dagger, premiering Thursday, June 7 on Freeform (click to zoom):
* You can now watch the pilot for ABC's The Crossing (before it premieres on Monday, April 2 at 10), a supernatural-tinged drama in which American refugees wash up ashore a small fishing town, fleeing a war that hasn't happened yet.
* Watch the teaser for the final four-episode installment of Cartoon Network's Adventure Time:
NEW YORK (AP) - Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over.
That's what some experts have been saying for years, and it's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane.
It turns out there's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel. Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around.
The new study, published Monday, came to the same conclusion.
For somebody who doesn't want to get sick, "get in that window seat and don't move," the study's lead researcher, Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta.
The study was ambitious: Squads of researchers jetted around the U.S. to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other.
But it also had shortcomings. In a total of 10 flights, they observed only one person coughing. And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago, they didn't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for.
It's possible that the researchers were unlucky, in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them, Hertzberg said.
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co. The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers, Georgia Tech's Howard Weiss, and had input in the writing of the results. "But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other," Hertzberg said.
The article was released by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane. They concluded that on average, only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected.
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu, let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis.
But it's a novel study about a subject that hasn't been well researched, they said. Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes, but "this is the first time I've seen it done for airplanes," said Seema Lakdawala, a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads.
They and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other.
It found:
-About 38 percent of passengers never left their seat, 38 percent left once, 13 percent left twice, and 11 percent left more than twice.
-Not surprisingly, a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat. About 80 percent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights, compared with 62 percent in middle seats and 43 percent in window seats.
-The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk. That included two people sitting to their left, the two to their right, and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind.
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study's results, said Edward Pizzarello, an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog .
"It's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time. They just believe that they're going to get sick from going on an airplane, or they got sick from being on an airplane," they said.
Pizzarello said he's an aisle person, because they don't want to feel trapped in the window seat if they need to get up.
Will they now go for the window?
Maybe, they said, if a sick person sits next to him.
__
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
LAHORE: In the 18 holes of Royal Palm Friends of Golf Annual Competition contested at the Royal Palm Golf Course, a total of 62 competing amateurs registered for a try at the glittering prizes offered by the sponsors while competing on the stable ford format basis, and on a slightly less hot day, many of the aspirants were just not gallant enough and due to vulnerability on the greens found their chances of victory fading away with each poor putt.
The resolute one, however, turned out to be Hassan Hameed, a very young talent loaded golfer who played admirably, with approach shots looking vastly superior to other competitors and on at least six holes they holed out with deadly precision.
During the round they were brilliant on the back nine and had two birdies on holes 11 and 13, pars on holes 10 12 and 17 and bogeyed the remaining holes. Through a good all-round display, they compiled a total of 38 points (17points on the front nine and 21 on the back nine) and by virtue this tally they emerged as the holder of the Friends of Golf Annual Title 2018.Another golfer with a winning touch was the ever-steady performer Abdul Islam Nazir who showed fine match playing qualities to finish the front nine with 20 points but slightly erred on the back nine to pick up just 17 points. Their tally of 38 points equalled the points compiled by Hassan but the title was awarded to Hassan, as they had more points on the back nine,21 to Hassan and 17 to Abdul Islam Nazir.
In the competition, there were a total of six prizes in the race for honours in the amateur category. While the first two positions went to Hassan Hameed, Abdul Islam Nazir and others who captured the last four positions were Asim Tiwana who was third, Ale Imran who was fourth, Ahmed Buksh who was fifth and finally, Hussain who came sixth.
Senior section winner was the accomplished Hamid Sharif as their points tally was 35, a really appreciable effort. Runner-up was Mansoor Zaigham with 34 points and lost to Hamid Sharif by just one point.
As for the other events, the nearest to pin prize went to Zahid Hussain, the longest drive to Hassan Hamid and Hussain Hamid who both had a driving distance of 325 yards. Another notable one was a winner in the humble category and they were awarded the maximum golf prize for coming up with the lowest points.
At the conclusion of the championship, Golf Captain of Royal Palm Abdullah Sharif awarded prizes to the performers.
Harvard University Professor Jonathan L. Walton called the NRA a “domestic terrorist organization” during a speech at the campus's Memorial Church.
advertisement
“We have to have the courage to call the NRA exactly what it has become — a domestic terrorist organization that places profit above the lives of the American people,” Dr. Jonathan Walton said at the Memorial Church of Harvard University.
Walton's remarks were made available as a blog post on Harvard's website. Walton, a Professor of Christian Morals and a minister at the Memorial Church at Harvard University, argued that America is “sick.”
“This nation is sick. Our cultural anxiety, toxic masculinity, and racial, religious, and ethnic bigotries are eating away at the soul of this nation,” they said. “It even caused us to elect a madman to the presidency that embodies the worst aspects of our country's cultural disease. We have much to work through as a nation. But until we do, we cannot allow men like Dylan Roof, Omar Mateen, and Stephen Paddock such easy access to handheld weapons of mass destruction. ”
Walton cited work from the T.H. Chan School of Public Health at Harvard University. Research from the school argues that gun violence is a public health crisis in the United States. “U.S. children are fourteen times more likely to die by gun violence than any other developed nation. People die by gun at thirty times the rate of the United Kingdom. This is not normal,” Walton added.
Walton finished by condemning those who express concern about the gun violence in Chicago. “And please stop with the racialized red herring about Chicago, as if those who love to cite violence on that city's Southside give a damn about the hell these people are catching each day,” they said. “It is time to stop the madness and excuses. We have to have the courage to call the NRA exactly what it has become — a domestic terrorist organization that places profit above the lives of the American people.”
File - In this April 11, 2018 file photo, teachers at Humphrey Elementary school participate in a state-wide walk-in prior to classes in Chandler, Ariz. Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job this week to demand more funding for public education, an unprecedented action in a conservative state without many union protections. A chunky-text look at what's happening in the run-up to the first-ever statewide strike. (AP Photo/Matt York, File)
File - In this April 11, 2018 file photo, teachers at Humphrey Elementary school participate in a state-wide walk-in prior to classes in Chandler, Ariz. Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job this week to demand more funding for public education, an unprecedented action in a conservative state without many union protections. A chunky-text look at what's happening in the run-up to the first-ever statewide strike. (AP Photo/Matt York, File)
PHOENIX (AP) - Arizona policymakers have yet to agree how to increase teacher pay or education funding ahead of a first-ever statewide walkout this week, prompting calls from Democrats and even one Republican to generate new tax revenue in the conservative state.
Republicans who control the state Legislature have yet to fully back Gov. Doug Ducey's plan for a 20 percent teacher raise, which would cost $650 million by 2020. Many have shared concerns about the rosy revenue projections Ducey is using to cover the increase.
Teachers have protested for weeks and took a vote on whether to launch the first statewide strike after Ducey unveiled their plan, saying they're concerned it doesn't increase funding for classrooms and students.
With Ducey and legislative leaders meeting behind closed doors to negotiate a deal, Republican state Rep. Noel Campbell offered a plan for a sales tax increase. They said the three-year boost of 1 percent would generate $1 billion annually.
Campbell said he's concerned the governor's proposal is too optimistic and believed the hike would bring in money to support all-day kindergarten, technical training and lower in-state tuition at public universities.
Most lawmakers agree higher pay and school funding is a good idea - the issue is how to fund them, they said. The governor and many Republicans have taken pledges against tax hikes.
"There's no way that we're going to get an income tax increase through this body, it's not gonna happen," they said. "You have to make a choice here. Do you want to have a perfect bill that doesn't pass or do you want to have a good bill that might have some chance?"
The relative novelty of a Republican calling for a sales tax increase contrasts with Democrats warning against any such hike. They raised concerns about rural towns that already have 10 percent sales tax rates.
"Another increase would unfairly put the burden on the poor and working class, who pay an inordinately larger share of their income on sales tax," Senate Minority Leader Katie Hobbs said.
Instead, Democrats called for funding from new revenue streams, such as taxing new products or reversing income tax cuts on wealthy residents.
New dollars are necessary to meet a key demand: $1 billion to return school funding to levels seen before the Great Recession, said Joe Thomas, president of the Arizona Educators Association, the largest teacher membership group.
Ducey spokesperson Daniel Scarpinato said the governor's plan goes a long way toward addressing classroom funding concerns. It includes $371 million phased in over five years that districts can decide where to direct - that money could be used for support staff raises or other needs, Scarpinato said.
"The only way to get back to 2008 levels is to continue driving up the dollars we put into education," they said. "This is a big, sustained step toward the overall goal."
The political dealing comes as some of the state's largest school districts plan to close Thursday and Friday due to striking teachers, who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S.
Over a dozen of Colorado school districts, including the 10 largest, also will shut down both days because of teacher protests. The two states are part of a movement that started in West Virginia, where a strike garnered a raise, and spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky and beyond.
In the run-up to Arizona's statewide strike, parents and community members have been supportive, said Melissa Girmscheid, a science teacher at Centennial High School in suburban Phoenix.
They're giving gift cards for support staffers who may not be paid, and some teens are volunteering to watch teachers' children so they can go to a rally Thursday, they said.
"We've had a lot of parents who've stepped up to the plate," Girmscheid said.
Thomas, with the teachers association, said teachers were pushed to the drastic step.
"Every educator wishes this didn't have to happen," Thomas said. "But nothing has worked. Phone calls, emails, letters, many rallies, days at the Capitol where we go down and bring 100 people. Nothing has worked. We have been absolutely ignored, and they're not going to be able to ignore us Thursday."
CHICAGO (AP) — The first-ever bitcoin future jumped after it began trading Sunday as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on a major U.S. exchange.
The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract opened at $15,000, according to data from the CBOE.
The CBOE futures don't involve actual bitcoin. They're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini, one of the larger bitcoin exchanges.
The start of trading at 5 p.m. CST overwhelmed the CBOE website. “Due to heavy traffic on our website, visitors to www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable,” the exchange said in a statement. But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted.
Another large futures exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 1:15 a.m. CST, it was at $16,733.49 on Coindesk.
Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future, hence the name. Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat, soy, gold, oil, cocoa and, as dramatized in the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie “Trading Places,” concentrated frozen orange juice.
The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces. The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin's price will go down — a practice known as shorting — which currently is very difficult to do.
There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream. Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin, tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin, but federal regulators denied their application.
How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air. Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so. Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures, or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased.
The digital currency has had more than its fair share of critics on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin “a fraud.” Thomas Peterffy, chairperson of the broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group, expressed deep concerns about the trading of bitcoin futures last month, saying “there is no fundamental basis for valuation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and they may assume any price from one day to the next.”
Peterffy noted that if bitcoin futures were trading at that time, under the CBOE's rules those futures likely would experience repeated trading halts because 10 percent or 20 percent moves in bitcoin prices have not been unusual in recent months.
Bitcoin is the world's most popular virtual currency. Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously. They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded.
A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies. Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit, anonymous payments. Others say they can be helpful methods of payment, such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed.
___
Kelvin Chan in Hong Kong contributed to this report.
___
This report has been corrected to show the opening price of the bitcoin future contract was $15,000.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A A
I pledge allegiance to … what?
The Electoral College, to no one's serious surprise, voted Donald Trump in as the nation's 45th president, and the pot of outrage in the American spectator democracy begins to boil.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no — no to all their right-wing and idiotic cabinet and Team Trump appointments, no to their conflicts of interest and serial tweets, no to their sexism, their reckless arrogance, their ego, their finger on the nuclear button.
The word of the day is resistance. Don't let Trump get away with anything! Fight every alt-right and nutcase appointment they try to make, every racist or reckless policy they try to implement. Above all, don't let them shift the paradigm of normal.
There's only one problem here, and it's the same problem the Hillary Clinton campaign faced. The “old normal” — the Washington consensus, the status quo — that Trump is so successful at selectively mocking, even as they remain utterly enmeshed in it, is a ravenous predator and looming disaster of global proportions.
I pledge allegiance to the United States of War? To the United States of Prisons? To the United States of Poverty and Infrastructure Decay and Contaminated Water?
The challenge presented by Trump requires something more than resistance. I believe it requires reaching for, and pledging our allegiance to, a much larger, more compassionate and peace-oriented country than the one we have now. It requires pledging allegiance to the planet and the future.
But what does this look like?
A worldwide awakening
Half a century ago, the emerging nation could be seen in the civil rights movement. Today, perhaps the best place to look is Standing Rock, where an old wound, you might say, is insisting on its right to heal.
“What can we learn from their struggle?” Audrea Lim asks in The Nation. “Bombarded for months with tear gas, sound cannons, rubber bullets and water hoses (often in freezing temperatures, no less), the camp at Standing Rock grew from around 10 in April to thousands by fall. They transformed what might have otherwise been a remote, invisible, rural struggle into national headline news.”
The struggle, they note, had blatantly racist origins: “Originally meant to traverse the Missouri River north of Bismarck, city residents complained that it would threaten their municipal water supply, and the pipeline was rerouted to nearer the Standing Rock reservation in September 2014.”
They add: “It is significant that Bismarck is 92.4 percent white.”
This could have been just one more isolated wrong, but for some reason the national or perhaps global moment was ripe for it to be something else. The struggle for water rights, for the sanctity of the land, for a wounded people's dignity, sent a tremor through the whole country. Something sacred — to use a risky, old-fashioned word — had been violated. And maybe we're no longer simply Consumer America, using up our resources, destroying our rivers, clotting our veins, to consequences born only by the racially and culturally marginalized. We used to be, but this is changing.
“We live today at a moment of transition between worlds.”
So writes Charles Eisenstein in “The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible.” The world that's giving way — and the story, or mythology, that sustains it — is the world of “survival of the fittest” and winner takes all, the world of domination and conquest, isolation from nature, a dismissal of life itself as less than sacred.
“Today,” writes Eisenstein, “it is increasingly obvious that this was a bubble world built atop massive human suffering and environmental degradation.”
It isn't merely resistance that will replace the bubble world of exploitation, but a new and deeper consciousness of connection with all life and a reawakening to what is sacred.
I pledge allegiance to the world that is coming into being.
Robert Koehler is an award-winning, Chicago-based journalist and nationally syndicated writer. Contact them at koehlercwgmail.com.
WOMAN'S HOUR: Female directors may have gotten short shrift in the official lineup of the 2018 Cannes Film Festival, with only three women-helmed films in competition, but amfAR's annual Cinema Against AIDS gala should help make up for it.
The non-profit organization said on Tuesday it has selected 25 women from the worlds of fashion and film to be the honorary chairs of the event's 25th edition, to be held at the Hôtel du Cap-Eden-Roc in Antibes on May 17.
They include Sienna Miller and Vanessa Redgrave — both vocal supporters of the Time's Up and #MeToo movements — Katy Perry, Aishwarya Rai, Heidi Klum, Linda Evangelista, Angela Missoni and Donatella Versace.
The theme of this year's Carine Roitfeld-curated benefit fashion show, starring 40 top models in one-of-a-kind looks from a range of brands, will be “And Woman Created All.”
‪Grammy Award-winning artist Pharrell Williams‪ will be the night's headlining act.
The late Dame Elizabeth Taylor — amfAR's founding international chairperson — hosted the foundation's first ever Cannes gala in 1993, with personalities including President Bill Clinton, George Clooney, Matt Damon, Robert De Niro, Sir ‪Elton John and Madonna carrying the torch in subsequent years.
Bold Films and Chopard are the main sponsors of this year's gala. The fundraising event benefits AmfAR's research efforts to find a cure for AIDS, including its Countdown to a Cure for AIDS initiative, introduced in 2014 and aimed at developing the scientific basis for a cure by the end of 2020.
The initiative's cornerstone is the amfAR Institute for HIV Cure Research, based at the University of California, San Francisco.
Disney theme parks have a big summer ahead of them with major new attractions opening May 27 based on two movies, one about the Marvel Comics superheroes from “Guardians of the Galaxy” and the other about the lush alien world of Pandora from the James Cameron film “Avatar.”
The Guardians of the Galaxy: Mission BREAKOUT! attraction opens at Disney California Adventure in Anaheim, California.
Pandora — The World of Avatar is a 12-acre land opening at Walt Disney World's Animal Kingdom in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.
But the creative designer behind the attractions says you don't need to know anything about either movie to enjoy them.
Advertisement
“This is not a revisitation of a plot line of a film you already saw,” said Disney Imagineer Joe Rohde at an event Monday in New York City previewing the attractions. “This is your opportunity to go to an amazing world and have adventures of your own. … The story is about you.”
The premise of the Guardians of the Galaxy ride is that the Guardian superheroes have been captured and riders must participate in an adventure with a character called Rocket Raccoon to free them. “It is a prison breakout story,” Rohde said. The ride incorporates multiple scenarios for resolving the story line so that riders have a slightly different experience each time they go through it.
Guardians of the Galaxy is located in a redesigned drop tower structure that once housed the Twilight Zone of Terror.
At Pandora, there are two rides plus retail and dining components. Riders on Avatar Flight of Passage fly through the forest on the backs of creatures called banshees to participate in a tribal coming of age ceremony. Riders on the Na'vi River Journey move through the bioluminescent forest on a boat, guided by a mystical singing figure.
Rohde described Pandora as an “obsessively real” environment that “reacts to the change of day on its own.” The sounds of creatures in the forest change from day to night, and the Pandoran plants glow by night, Rohde said. Rohde took their team on field trips to Hawaii, Bali and China for design inspiration from real landscapes and cultural touchstones.
April 20 Getinge Ab
* Chief financial officer leaves Getinge
* Getinge says Reinhard Mayer, chief financial officer of Getinge, has decided to leave company for family reasons
* Reinhard will remain as CFO and member of the Getinge Executive Team until they leave the position in November 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Johan Ahlander)
CVS Pharmacy is tapping science to help its customers feel and look better. Taking a deep dive into its “sick care to self care,” strategy CVS is stocking four new diagnostic tests. Could test kits be the next big thing in mass-market skin care? Many industry experts think so and expect to see a flood of new contenders enter the market in 2018.The new kits sold at CVS harness information gleaned from DNA to help users determine everything from what diet is right for them to how to select the right skin-care regimen. In select stores, CVS offers the following kits: DNA Diagnostics Center HomeDNA Healthy Weight, Pathway Genomics FitIQ, DNA Diagnostics Center HomeDNA Skin Care and Pathway Genomics SkinIQ. Each kit retails for $24.99 with additional lab fees ranging from $79 to $99.Although drugstores have traditionally offered in-home testing products for high blood pressure or glucose monitoring, the addition of DNA tests at CVS is thought to be the largest of its kind in mass-market retailing. “We wanted to take a lead position in the area of genetic testing,” said George Coleman, vice president of merchandising for CVS Pharmacy.Whether driven by rising health-care costs or the desire for preventative care, Coleman said more people are taking control of their own health care. Frankly, they added, it is more expensive to be sick.The starting point is “knowing thyself,” explained Coleman who said advancements in genetic testing allow people to access deep levels information that can even alert them to diseases they are more susceptible to, what type of diet will help them with their weight, and even determine what skin care to buy. “You might be able to find out what kind of skin care would be better to address an issue such as low collagen quality.”[caption id="attachment_11022836" align="alignnone" width="226"] Home DNA Skin Care[/caption]The DNA Diagnostics Center Home DNA Skin Care kit examines 28 genetic marketers that influence skin health. The Pathway Genomics SkinIQ analyzes seven areas of skin health to help with skin nutrition, aging, oxidation, hydration, inflammation, glycation and texture.The kits are growing in acceptance, posting double-digit increases, said Coleman, especially as consumers use one and then decided to expand to another. For example, those who try the Healthy Weight DNA test might return for a skin-care test.The test kits are merchandised in a special home diagnostics department, but Coleman doesn't rule out cross merchandising the skin-care kits in the beauty department. “The link to skin care and health is so tight and we are working on how to bring health and skin care together more,” they said. There is also a goal to help recommend products sold at CVS to solve skin-care issues revealed by testing.“People are finding these kits helpful. It isn't a novelty. People can find solutions tailored to their specific makeup and what works for them,” concluded Coleman.
Actress-producer Priyanka Chopra has taken the top spot on Top Actors chart beating their Baywatch co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron.
A week after ranking on The Hollywood Reporter's inaugural Top Actors chart at No.2, Priyanka replaced Johnson atop the newest tally.
The Top Actors chart is a ranking of the most popular actors on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and Google Plus, with global data provided by social media analytics company MVPindex.
Trending :
The chart's methodology blends social engagement on the platforms along with weekly additions of followers/subscribers. The latest tracking week ended on June 6.
Priyanka, who shot to fame in the US with the show “Quantico”, rises 2-1 on the chart, gaining in multiple metrics, including 98 percent in Twitter mentions in the tracking week, reports hollywoodreporter.com.
On the work front, Priyanka Chopra will feature in Quantico's season 3. They also have 2 Hollywood films in hand- A Kid Like Jake and Isn't It Romantic. While an official announcement has been made about A Kid Like Jake, PeeCee is yet to sign the dotted line for Isn't It Romantic, a romantic comedy featuring Hollywood biggies like Rebel Wilson, Adam Devine and Liam Hemsworth. As far as Bollywood is concerned there is speculation regarding their signing director Sanjay Leela Bhansali's upcoming project Gustakhiyan.
Priyanka is currently in Prague for both work and pleasure and has been teasing us with their amazing pictures. Priyanka was all touristy when they visited the Charles Bridge, and posed in a breezy baby blue dress and a white overcoat.
Congrats PeeCee! You never fail to give your fans a reason to rejoice. We wonder what is next on their list to conquer after conquering the West with Quantico show and Baywatch.
The Arizona Department of Education released school letter grades today, despite earlier attempts to keep them secret until a later date.
The release of the data came at the advice of the Arizona Attorney General's Office.
The Board of Education put out a press release in September saying that schools would receive their grades near the end of September, but the grades would be “embargoed” and kept confidential until October 9. An embargo is a media term for restricting the use of information until an agreed upon time.
The Arizona Capitol Times requested all schools' letter grades from both the department and the board, but had been unable to access them.
Today, after the publication of a Capitol Times story about the embargo, the department sent a database of the grades to the newspaper.
Still, the whole idea of an “embargo” on public information doesn't fly under public records laws, First Amendment attorney Dan Barr said.
“Public bodies don't get to say, I won't comply with statutes today, but I will next week,” they said.
A reporter from the Arizona Center for Investigative Reporting was also forcibly removed on Thursday from the department after requesting to inspect the records in person.
The new A-F grading system, years in the making, plays into some aspects of state funding, and it also affects parents' choices on where to send their kids.
In an email to the Capitol Times, department spokesperson Dan Godzich wrote that they were “attempting to respect the wishes of the State Board of Education” by not releasing the public records until the embargo date, Oct. 9.
“However, upon conferring with counsel at the State Attorney General's Office, it has been determined that the A-F grade data base, even though still a work-in-progress, should be treated as a public record,” Godzich wrote.
They sent a database of the A-F grades, which they claimed “did not exist until today.” The database file is still being worked on and will be different than the one that will be publicly released on Monday.
“We have not had time to verify the file's accuracy,” Godzich wrote.
ROME (AP) — Italy is letting its ambassador take up their post in Cairo, citing on Monday progress by Egypt in the investigation of the 2016 torture death of an Italian scholar that had weighed on diplomatic ties.
The move does not mean Italy intends to ease the pressure on Egyptian authorities to bring Giulio Regeni's killers to justice, Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said. The ambassador will bear a letter asserting the Italian government's determination to discover the truth about the murder, Alfano said.
Ambassador Giampaolo Cantini “will have the task of contributing, via contacts with Egyptian authorities, toward reinforcing judicial cooperation, and, as a consequence, the search for the truth,” Alfano said in a statement.
Regeni was a Cambridge University doctoral student researching labor movements in Egypt when they were abducted in Cairo in January 2016. Their body was found along a Cairo road a few days later bearing marks of extensive torture.
Italian news agency ANSA said Italian and Egyptian prosecutors issued a joint statement pledging to find the “truth and all the circumstances that led to the abduction, torture and death.”
Italian state TV said Egypt has sent Italian prosecutors transcripts of fresh questioning of Egyptian police officers who had a role in investigating Regini's death. Egypt also assured Italy it would provide video surveillance footage from cameras at the Cairo subway stop where Regeni was known to have been last seen alive.
In April 2016, the then-ambassador was recalled to Italy for consultations, to highlight the Italian government's frustration with Egyptian investigators. Since then, that ambassador was assigned elsewhere, and the embassy in Cairo awaited its ambassador.
Regeni disappeared on a day Cairo police were on a tense watch for protests on the fifth anniversary of the 2011 popular uprising.
After their body was discovered, Egyptian authorities offered various explanations, including an assertion that Regeni had been hit by a vehicle. Later, they said they were a victim of a robbery.
Egypt is considered a key ally both in international efforts to combat Islamist-terrorism and efforts to stabilize neighbor Libya, a base for human traffickers who have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants by sea toward Italy in the last few years.
In a statement, Alfano dismissed any suggestion that Italy's desire to slow the flow of migrants across the Mediterranean Sea had triggered dispatching the ambassador to Cairo.
“That Egypt is an inescapable interlocutor on issues of primary importance for Italy, like the stabilization of Libya and the fight against terrorism, doesn't signify that Italy intends to turn the page in the search for truth in Giulio Regeni's murder,” the minister said.
Regeni's family has been outspoken in demanding that Italy insist on getting the truth from Egypt. Their mother has said their son's face was so badly pummeled the only facial feature they could recognize was the tip of their nose.
Italian state TV said Monday night the family was indignant that the ambassador was allowed to go to Cairo.
___
Frances D'Emilio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/fdemilio
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
James Comey's Book Becomes Bestseller Before Official Release A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies and Leadership is set to be released on Apr. 17, but it's already on Amazon's bestsellers list. The former FBI director's memoir covers the most high-staking situations of their career and what ethical leadership looks like. Trump fired Comedy in May 2017, and Comey hinted they would divulge details of the ousting in their novel. Amazon currently lists the book at $20.48 for a hardcover and $14.99 on Kindle.
[India], May 31 (ANI): Terrorists on the wee hours of Thursday attacked an Army's patrolling party in Jammu and Kashmir's Kupwara district.
The incident took place around Qaziabad forests situated in Kralgund area of the district.
The firing was retaliated and triggered off following a brief gunfight between the security forces and terrorists.
A search operation has been launched to trace out the terrorists.
No loss of life or injury has been reported so far.
More details are awaited.
Yesterday, a suspected terrorist lobbed a grenade at the residence of National Conference leader Mohammad Ashraf Bhat in Pulwama's Tral town. On the same day, terrorists hurled a grenade towards a joint checkpoint of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Jammu and Kashmir police in Pulwama district. (ANI)
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) — Rafael Nadal cuddled a koala on the banks of the river, something that has become a customary photo opportunity for celebrity players on debut at the Brisbane International.
The 14-time major winner has altered their preparation for the Australian Open, hoping a change of venues for the warmup tournaments will bring a change of luck at the season's first Grand Slam tournament after a shocking first-round exit in 2016.
Nadal kicked off their season with a win in an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi on New Year's Eve, then headed directly to Australia to fine-tune at the Brisbane International in preference to remaining in the Gulf for the event in Doha.
“I played well in Abu Dhabi … I played three good matches, and that's important for me,” Nadal said Monday after the brief meet-and-greet with a local politician and a native marsupial. “I really hope the good matches I played in Abu Dhabi helps me for here.”
Advertisement
The 30-year-old Spaniard is playing in Brisbane for the first time, replacing Roger Federer as the tournament's male draw card. They have a tricky opener against Alexandr Dolgopolov and, if they get through that, a potential quarterfinal against top-seeded Milos Raonic, the defending champion.
Nadal is coming off a left wrist injury that curtailed their 2016 season, and thinks the extra time in Australia will help them prepare to win their first major title since the 2014 French Open.
Until last year, they had reached the quarterfinals or better at every Australian Open they had contested since 2007, including victory in '09 and runs to the final in 2012 and '14.
The wrist injury last year forced Nadal to withdraw from the French Open before the third round and skip Wimbledon. They won the Olympic doubles gold medal for Spain in Rio de Janeiro, but they struggled with the pain and didn't win a title on a surface other than clay in 2016.
“Last year that I was playing great, I get injured in the worst moment possible,” they said. “I'm happy to be back on the competition again. Abu Dhabi was a good start. I need to continue that way.”
Despite their struggles with injury and the recent dominance of Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic, Nadal thinks they can still contend for the Grand Slam titles.
“Being here in Brisbane is good news for me,” they said, two weeks before the Australian Open starts. “I don't know if that's going to help me or not — I can tell you after Melbourne, I cannot predict the future.
“The only thing I can say is if I am healthy, I believe that I can do it. If not, I (would) be at home fishing.”
April 3 Warsaw Stock Exchange (WSE):
* Said on Friday that it resolved to suspend trading of Equitier SA shares on the NewConnect market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange as of April 3
* WSE obliged the company to analyze and publish a document concerning its financial situation
* Trading on the company's shares to be suspended until the end of the second trading day following the day of the publication of the document mentioned above
Source text - bit.ly/2nRJrJP
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Police are appealing for information after six cars were vandalised on Saturday afternoon at Centennial Stadium.
The stadium was hosting the FFA Cup match between Albany Rovers and Yanchep United when the cars were vandalised between 1.30pm and 5.30pm.
Police say deep scratch marks were left on the panels of six cars and one car also received a punctured tyre.
Police had hoped to review CCTV footage from the carpark but later discovered the carpark was not covered by security cameras.
Anyone who may have witnessed the vandalism or with information is urged to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or local police on 131 444.
— They are after my father's business, says Nawaz before the corruption hearing
ISLAMABAD: Former Panama case joint investigation team (JIT) head Wajid Zia recorded their statement on Tuesday as an accountability court resumed hearing of the Avenfield properties case against former prime minister Nawaz Sharif and their family.
Nawaz Sharif has already reached the court where Accountability Court-I Judge Mohammad Bashir is presiding over the hearing.
At the last hearing on March 16, Maryam's counsel Amjad Pervez and Nawaz's counsel Khawaja Haris questioned the legality of the evidence being presented by Zia and objected that they are copies of photocopies and unverified documents.
At an earlier hearing, Wajid Zia presented former Qatari Prince Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani's letter defending the Sharif family as evidence in court, as the hearing of the Avenfield reference resumed on Thursday.
The defence counsel did not raise any objections to the admissibility of the Qatari letter as evidence.
The letter, written by Thani, owes up to Nawaz's previous allegations and claims that such letters exist. In July 2017, the JIT declared the Sharif family's prime and final defence – the letters from Qatari Prince Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani – as “totally a myth rather than a reality”, adding that the ruling family had never invested 12 million dirhams in the Qatari royal family's business.
FATHER'S BUSINESS:
Talking to the media before the hearing, former prime minister Nawaz Sharif said that accountability should be started from 1937, as that is when ‘God started blessing ‘the Sharifs adding, that they are just after their “father's business”.
The former premier questioned as to why new cases were being filed against them when nothing was found out in the old ones. Referring to the Pakistan Peoples Party's government they said, that the corruption was proved in rental power and NICL cases.
They said that now the courts will have to prove that the accusations are true and that these new references are just like a ‘Dilip Kumar film'.
Responding to a reporter's question at accountability court, Nawaz Sharif said they thank to Allah that Amir Liaquat didn't join the PML-N.
Meanwhile, they also ignored a question regarding former interior minister Chaudhry Nisar, saying that only those matters should be discussed for which they are present in the court.
Their daughter Maryam Nawaz added that the cases against the Sharifs are lifeless adding that since the courts have blamed them for the corruption they should prove it too.
Talking about Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf's leader Imran Khan, they said even when they accepted their offshore properties the courts told them that they had not done anything wrong.
Maryam Nawaz was likely referring to the acquittal of Imran in the offshore companies' case by the SC last year and the recent incident wherein they were accused of building the Bani Gala estate illegally and they had submitted the falsified documents to the SC.
THE REFERENCES:
The NAB has in total filed three references against the Sharif family and another against the former finance minister Ishaq Dar in the accountability court, in light of the SC's orders in the Panama Papers case verdict of July 28.
The references against the Sharif family pertain to the Azizia Steel Mills and Hill Metals Establishment, their London properties, and over dozen offshore companies owned by the family.
Maryam and Safdar are only nominated in the London properties reference. At an earlier hearing, the court also approved Maryam and Safdar's bail in the Avenfield properties case and ordered them to submit surety bonds worth Rs5 million each.
Meanwhile, in another major blow to the political career of Nawaz Sharif, the SC had ruled that a person disqualified under Articles 62 and 63 of the Constitution of Pakistan cannot head a party, making Nawaz ineligible to lead the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N).
Global Commercial Refrigeration Equipment Market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6% over the forecast period (2016 to 2024). By 2024, market revenues would exceed USD 40 billion. This may be attributed to changing food consumption patterns triggered by rapid industrialization and technological advancements.
Escalating intake of frozen foods spurs demand for refrigeration of food on a commercial scale. Innovative technology makes possible remote monitoring of products to check refrigerant leak, high liquid levels, abnormal system pressures, etc. Increase in specialty food outlets, hypermarkets, and supermarkets also contribute to a favorable market outlook. These places are equipped with advanced products like multi-deck display cabinets and open front cases, having LEDs and proximity sensors.
The market is segmented into products, applications, and regions. Products consist of beverage refrigeration, refrigerators & freezers, transportation refrigeration equipment, parts, and others. Beverage refrigeration could rise due to a boom in restaurants across the globe. Transportation held about 20% of the market in 2015. Zero-emission technologies and efficient fuel consumption are some of the trends that should propel this segment's growth till 2024.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/commercial-refrigeration-equipment-market
Applications are split into food service, food & beverage retail, food & beverage production, food & beverage distribution, and others. Food service segment includes food-serving facilities such as restaurants, schools, supermarkets, and convenience stores. It is estimated to increase owing to robust demand of cold-storage and cascade refrigeration system in the food & beverage industry in the coming years.
North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, South America, and MEA (the Middle East & Africa) constitute the regional markets. North America is expected to witness substantial growth on account of higher disposable incomes and proliferation of food outlets and retail restaurants. Europe would benefit from economic revival and an expanding retail sector.
Asia Pacific is likely to grow at a CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period. Main market drivers are changing food habits, high processed food exports, rise in horticulture, and rising purchasing power of the populace.
The global commercial refrigeration equipment market is highly competitive. Key players encompass Dover Corporation, Carrier Corporation, Illinois Tool Works, Electrolux, and Johnson Controls. They focus on strategic alliances (mergers, acquisitions, partnerships) and research & development of novel products to stay competitive. Market entry barriers include high capital investment, stringent regulatory environment, and increasing research & development costs.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/hvac-and-construction-industry
By AFP - Jun 15,2017 - Last updated at Jun 15,2017
This handout photo provided by the Lebanese photo agency Dalati and Nohra shows Lebanese President Michel Aoun (centre-back) and Prime Minister Saad Hariri (centre left) attending a Cabinet meeting at the presidential palace of Baabda, east of Beirut, on Wednesday (AFP photo)
BEIRUT — Lebanon's government announced a new election law after a Cabinet session on Wednesday, ending months of tense discussions and paving the way for the first parliamentary elections in nine years.
The deal comes after a stalemate that has seen the country's parliament extend its term twice since the last elections in 2009.
Under the agreement, the current parliament's term will be extended once again, but this time for just 11 months to prepare for elections under the new rules in May 2018.
Parliament is scheduled to vote on the law on Friday.
The new law replaces the existing plurality voting system with proportional representation and reduces the number of electoral districts.
It comes after years of wrangling during which key political parties rejected various proposals for fear of losing parliamentary seats.
Prime Minister Saad Hariri hailed the law as "a great and historic achievement despite the long time that was needed and the lengthy discussions".
Parliament has twice delayed elections and extended its own mandate since 2009, a move civil society activists decried as "unconstitutional".
The final law is based on proposals from President Michel Aoun's Christian Free Patriotic Movement and backed by its powerful Shiite ally Hizbollah, as well as the small Shiite Amal Party of speaker Nabih Berri.
But the deal is seen as the latest in a string of compromises in the country's bitterly-divided political landscape.
Last November, Aoun was elected president after a stalemate of more than two years under a deal that saw Hariri, a Sunni Muslim and Hizbollah opponent become prime minister.
A new government was formed shortly afterwards.
Lebanon recognises 18 official religious sects and its 128 parliamentary seats are divided equally between Muslims and Christians, an arrangement unique in the region.
It remains scarred by a bitter 1975-1990 civil war, and its fragile sectarian and political balance has been shaken by the war in neighbouring Syria.
More than one million Syrian refugees have flooded the country, creating economic strains compounded by the political stalemate.
By The Associated Press
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Oman as part of a two-state visit aimed at reviving ties with Iran's Gulf Arab neighbors.
The official Oman News Agency said Omani Sultan Qaboos bin Saeed met with the Iranian president following their arrival on Wednesday to the sultanate, which sits at the southeastern tip of the Arabian Peninsula and shares control of the Strait of Hormuz with Iran.
Rouhani is expected to travel to Kuwait after visiting Oman.
Tehran's relations with the six-member, Saudi-dominated Gulf Cooperation Council of Arab states have been strained since Sunni-ruled Saudi Arabia broke off diplomatic relations with the Shiite power Iran last year.
Iran's official IRNA news agency reported that Iran has received a message from the GCC states aimed at removing misunderstandings and improving relations.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Football's coming home.
At least that's what you would likely have heard being chanted if you were walking around any part of Gloucestershire late last night.
You can excuse people for getting excited after a long-awaited penalty shootout victory for England's football team, in yesterday's nail-biting last-16 clash with Colombia in the World Cup.
As testified by fan footage, Gloucestershire's pubs got particularly rowdy when Cheltenham-born Eric Dier smashed in the last penalty to secure the win for the Three Lions.
Cam resident Mark Hughes walked into The Railway Inn in Station Road for "a quiet pint after work", but ended up experiencing something a bit more exciting.
They captured the glorious scenes on video, which can be viewed at the top of this page. Watch out for the pint that goes flying 39 seconds in.
Mr Hughes said it was a "wonderful atmosphere" - and the same can be said of celebrations in The Abbey in Northgate Street, Gloucester.
This footage of the packed bar shows the Three Lions anthem being belted out in all its brilliance.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Gareth Southgate's side, who will face Sweden in the World Cup quarter-finals on Saturday (3pm at the Samara Arena).
It was England's first ever shootout success in World Cup football after previous defeats by West Germany (1990), Argentina (1998) and Portugal (2006).
Dier's grandfather is former Football Association secretary and Cheltenham Town president Ted Croker, who lived in Leckhampton until their death in 1992.
Dier and their family moved to Portugal when they were seven years old after their mum was offered a job at Euro 2004 and their career started at Sporting Clube de Portugal. In 2014, they moved to Tottenham on a five-year contract for a fee of £4million.
On a night of high drama in Moscow, captain Harry Kane gave England the lead from the spot in the 57th minute, their sixth goal of the tournament.
Colombia levelled three minutes into time added on through Barcelona defender Yerry Mina's header from a corner to take the game to extra-time.
Jordan Henderson saw their effort brilliantly saved by Arsenal's David Ospina in the shoot out, but a fine stop from Jordan Pickford to deny Carlos Bacca and another effort from Mateus Uribe which crashed against the woodwork allowed England to progress after Dier's decisive strike.
Harry Kane, Marcus Rashford and Kieran Trippier also successfully converted for England in the shoot out.
Everton number one Pickford made their Football League debut, for Burton Albion, at Cheltenham Town in a 2-2 League Two draws in August 2013.
World Cup quarter-finals
Uruguay v France
Brazil v Belgium
Russia v Croatia
Sweden v England
Masters of Sex‘s Michael Sheen and Doctor Who‘s David Tennant are headed to Amazon.
The actors are set to star in Good Omens, a six-part comedy for the streamer based on the acclaimed fantasy novel Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch by Neil Gaiman (American Gods) and Terry Pratchett (Colour of Magic).
Good Omens takes place in 2018 when the Apocalypse is near and Final Judgment is set to descend upon humanity. The armies of Good and Evil are amassing, Atlantis is rising, and tempers are flaring. Everything appears to be going according to Divine Plan. However, Aziraphale (played by Sheen), a somewhat fussy angel, and Crowley, a fast-living demon (played by Tennant) — both of whom have lived amongst Earth's mortals since The Beginning and have grown rather fond of the lifestyle — are not actually looking forward to the coming war.
“I first read Good Omens as a teenager and it's been one of my favourite stories ever since,” Sheen enthuses. “To be part of the team entrusted with bringing it alive on screen is a bit of a dream come true to be honest. To work alongside Neil, who I think is one of the greatest storytellers of all time, is incredibly exciting. And, just like the rest of the world, I'm a huge fan of David's so I relish trying to save it with him.”
Gaiman will serve as showrunner on the limited series, which is being produced in conjunction with the BBC.
Not satisfied with watching completely ridiculous car stunts on the big screen? Then strap in for Fast and Furious Live, coming at some point to, ah, places that are, well, somewhere. The details aren't entirely worked out yet, but Vin Diesel donned a Toretto shirt and jumped on Facebook to tell us about it, while also apparently admiring themselves on the camera and schmoozing with fans.
Per the video, Diesel thinks the show will kick off at the 02 Arena in London, before embarking on a whirlwind global tour. There's already a website up for the extravaganza at fastandfuriouslive.com, where Fast fans can register for updates to the show. There is a news section, but right now it's filled with Facebook and Instagram posts of generic photos with teasers to stay tuned. We were intrigued with Diesel's video, however, when they said the show would be “something no one's ever seen before, which is a live show.” Apparently, Dominic Toretto was so busy killing international crime bosses over the last few years that they never had a chance to see Top Gear Live.
The website says the tour will launch in January 2018, and it promises an experience that will use “the most advanced technology and your favourite cars from the series.” Yes, we intentionally used the U.K. spelling for favorite because that's how it's spelled on the website, which leads us to believe that, along with Diesel's mention of the show possibly kicking off at London 02 Arena, more than a few people behind the former Top Gear Live production might be involved on this new endeavor. CBR.com reports that organizers for the new show do hail from the Top Gear Live production.
Given the level of vehicular tomfoolery one would expect to see at a Fast and Furious live show, it certainly makes sense to bring in an experienced team that can produce a larger-than-life automotive spectacle. The website does make quite a big deal about “extreme action” and “flaming, nitrous charged exhausts,” but we're skeptical about how they'll accurately recreate the 20-mile long runway scene from the sixth film
No tour dates or cities have been listed, but it will almost certainly be coming to locations in the United States. Will you be going to see the show?
Source: Fast and Furious Live, CBR.com, Vin Diesel via Facebook
A Donald Trump supporter had every right to brandish a profane protest sign in a busy public park on a summer's day at Niagara Falls, Ontario's top court ruled on Monday.
In quashing a trespass notice issued to Fredrick Bracken, the Court of Appeal said the ability to protest publicly — even using vulgar language — is an essential part of the democratic process.
“In a free society, individuals are permitted to use open public spaces to address the people assembled there, to challenge each other, and to call government to account,” the Appeal Court said. “The idea that the parks are somehow different — that they are categorically a ‘safe space' where people are to be protected from exposure to political messages — is antithetical to a free and democratic society and would set a dangerous precedent.”
At the same time, the court upheld the constitutionality of a rule barring park users from abusive behaviour that could interfere with the enjoyment of other users. The provision, the court found, was a reasonable restriction on free speech.
The case arose in August 2016 in the run-up to the presidential election in the United States. Bracken, of Fort Erie, Ont., was in a park near the falls holding up a sign reading: “Trump is right. F—k China. F—k Mexico.”
Niagara Parks police decided the sign was offensive and disturbing visitors. Officers told Bracken they could not display the sign and told them to leave.
A couple of days later, Bracken went to the Parks police headquarters, where they were told that if they returned to the park with the sign, they would be removed under trespassing laws.
They turned to the courts, seeking a declaration that parks rules prohibiting “abusive or insulting language” that interferes with other park users was unconstitutional, and that the oral trespass notice police gave them had violated their free speech rights.
In September 2016, Superior Court Justice James Ramsay ruled that constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression does not apply to shouting insulting or abusive language in parks. However, Ramsay declined to rule on the validity of the oral trespass notice because they were not satisfied police had actually issued such a notice.
Bracken turned to the Court of Appeal, which decided Ramsay was mistaken to conclude that park rules did not infringe on free speech. The judge was also wrong in deciding police had not issued a trespass notice so there was nothing to quash, the Appeal Court found.
For their part, Niagara Parks police and Niagara Parks Commission tried to argue that the parks are intended to be a place of refuge where users can experience natural beauty without the distraction of potentially divisive expression. However, the higher court found the plaza where Bracken was protesting was a busy, partly commercial area where neither quiet nor an absence of distraction was possible.
At the same time, the court upheld the law itself on the grounds that it aims to prevent individuals and groups from using public spaces in a way that makes them unfit for others to use. When the line is crossed must be decided on a case-by-case basis and, the Appeal Court said, Bracken in no way went too far.
“The public is not required to endure personalized invective, but nothing in the sign's message could be characterized in this way,” the Appeal Court said. “The display of the sign, despite its profanity, did not constitute the use of insulting or abusive language.”
In November 2016, Niagara police arrested Bracken, then 39, during a similar protest at Brock University, according to the student paper Brock News. They were charged with assaulting a student and making offensive racial comments.
Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
By name and by nature, Big Bad Barry Hall is well known for their often-temperamental and unpredictable nature, both on and off the playing field.
Barry was a Sydney champion; over the course of their 289-game career they were leading goal-kicker for their team 11 times, captained the Swans to their drought-breaking premiership in 2005 and was inducted into the AFL Hall of Fame in 2017.
But these achievements may not be what Big Bad Barry will be remembered for. No, it's likely they will be known for the string of controversies that have followed them throughout their career, which culminated in some inappropriate comments made over the weekend in the commentator's box.
The powers that be at Triple M dealt with Hall quickly and sternly, immediately removing them from the commentary line-up, and shortly thereafter terminating their contract with the network entirely.
Barry was obviously regretful of their comments, releasing the following statement:
“I'd like to take this opportunity to apologise for any offence taken from my commentary on Friday night's Triple M footy coverage.
“It was a silly thing to say and it is not a reflection of who I am or what my views are.
“I am a proud father and dedicated partner and have nothing but respect for women.”
Before anyone gets carried away and assumes that by writing what follows I am in anyway defending Barry's comments and conduct: I assure you, I am not.
However, I don't wish to add my voice to the chorus of commentary that has completely condemned Barry for their comments; I've said in the past that I prefer to approach these kinds of issues with the mindset that “they're not that bad, and I'm not that good”, and I hate those who cast judgement from the lofty peaks of their moral high horse. As I tweeted on Friday they missed the mark by a significant distance.
In the interest of full disclosure: I too have been in hot water over comments I've made on the airwaves. Certainly nothing as distasteful as the comments made by Barry on Friday night, but during the brief time that I have worked in the media, I have already issued several apologies to offended listeners.
And by writing this article, I certainly do not want to let Barry off the hook. They completely missed the mark, which anyone with half a brain acknowledges.
But rather than harping on about Barry or the comments themselves, what I want to focus on is the online outrage directed at footballers and ex-footballers that appeared on Twitter and across other platforms over the weekend.
The comments about the football media being a “boys club” and lumping all “ex-footballers and footballers” in the one negative basket is a ridiculous, unfair generalisation.
This may shock some people, but the majority of “ex-footballers and footballers” aren't misogynists, uneducated, or vile; nor do the majority go around regularly assaulting or sexually harassing people.
To throw us all in the one basket is to totally discredit those current players who are utter gentlemen. It also undermines blokes in the media who would never dream of making a comment like Barry's.
It is a fact that there are more male than female commentators in the football media – which possibly makes it a “boys club” by definition – but things are definitely changing.
Daisy Pearce does a wonderful job, as do those who have been toiling away for many years like Neroli Meadows, Sam Lane and Kelli Underwood - to name but a few.
Camera Icon Daisy Pearce is a rising star of football media. Picture: AFL Media
The reality is that different media outlets target different audiences; Triple M's demographic is targeted towards men, whereas my station (Hit 92.9) predominantly targets a female demographic. Triple M's audience is known to prefer tuning into industry experts, which I can personally attest to: if I listen to the football on a drive down south, more often than not I have Triple M streaming so that I can listen to the insights of Chris Judd and other champions of the game.
Another insulting generalisation came out of the comments labelling Hall as “another uneducated footballer”. For those who don't know, most - if not all - players study at university, take on work placements or even run a business during their playing career. In my case, I actually took 12 months off football once drafted by Hawthorn so that I could focus all of my energy on completing my year 12 studies. To call us all uneducated is a slap in the face, as misguided as it is inaccurate.
Some readers took it one step further, alluding to the football “culture” as being responsible for Bomber Thompson's issues with the law and their alleged involvement with drugs.
Again, it does not mean the entire code has “a culture problem”.
Obviously, there is drug use among players. Each year the AFL releases the information informing the public of numbers tested, and the number of players who have failed the AFL's drug tests.
To call us all uneducated is a slap in the face, as misguided as it is inaccurate.
Fact: the number of AFL footballers known to be using recreational drugs is far, far lower than the numbers within the same demographic (18 – 35yr old males) across wider society.
Within any society there are those who are educated and those who aren't, those who use drugs and those who don't, and those who treat woman with respect and those who don't. Which camp one falls into has very little to do with their work place or profession.
I am sure there will be other football figures who make mistakes in future, but any associated criticism should fall squarely on the shoulders of the person making the error, not the industry in its entirety.
So a note to the commentators who were so quick to write off the entire industry: next time you sit up on your high horse and flippantly slander those who are (or have been) involved at an AFL level, make sure your helmet is secured tightly.
Those who are the most mighty tend to be the ones who fall the hardest.
Karolina Pliskova just turned in a very impressive performance in their second-round match against Victoria Azarenka. The world No. 8 won, 6-3, 6-3, in just over an hour. #Wimbledon pic.twitter.com/w1LHNf6SnS
Nia Vardalos has split from their husband Ian Gomez.
The 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' actor confirmed they and the 52-year-old actor - who married in 1993 and have 11-year-old daughter Ilaria together - went their separate ways some time ago after their relationship because more like a friendship.
They said in a joint statement: "We've been respectfully separated for a lengthy period of time.
"Our relationship became a friendship so the decision to end the marriage is completely mutual and amicable.
"It is our hope that decency will prevail on the reporting of this story which will soon be yesterday's news. Thank you for respecting our privacy."
Their statement came after it was revealed on Tuesday (07.03.18) that Nia had filed for divorce citing irreconcilable differences and listed their separation date as over a year ago, July 29, 2017.
According to documents obtained by The Blast, they are seeking joint legal and physical custody of their daughter, who they adopted in 2008.
The actor also asked that spousal support to be "determined in mediation".
The former couple have worked on a number of projects together in the past, including 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' in 2002 and the movie's 2016 sequel, and Nia's 2009 directorial debut, 'I Hate Valentine's Day'.
They also co-hosted the first two series of cooking competition 'The Great American Baking Show', from 2015 to 2017.
CdS reports that Carlo Ancelotti is on the verge of being confirmed as the new coach of the Italian national team. pic.twitter.com/WGBhs35kXW
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron during their meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday said Kim Jong-un wants a historic, high-stakes meeting as soon as possible and suggested the North Korean dictator has been "very open" and "very honorable," a sharply different assessment of a leader they once denounced as "Little Rocket Man."
The United States and North Korea have been negotiating a summit between Trump and Kim to be held in May or June to broker a deal on Pyongyang's nuclear program. Trump, who has struck a decidedly optimistic tone on the situation in recent days, said Tuesday that the United States and North Korea were having "good discussions."
"We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible. We think that's a great thing for the world," Trump said at the White House alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. "Kim Jong-un, they really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing."
Trump cautioned that North Korea had not followed through on previous promises, but credited tough steps from their administration - including sanctions and organizing pressure from international allies - for having forced Pyongyang to hold talks. And they again suggested that they would "leave the table" if the negotiations were not productive or if North Korea was not operating in good faith.
"We'll see where that all goes," the president said. "Maybe it will be wonderful or maybe it won't."
Trump's comments came days after a flurry of moves from North Korea that the White House was anxious to promote as signs that its coercion campaign was working. On Saturday, North Korea announced it will close its nuclear testing facility and suspend nuclear and intercontinental ballistic missile tests - a move welcomed by Trump as "big progress."
However, the North stopped short of suggesting it will give up its nuclear weapons - as Trump suggested in a weekend tweet - or scale back its production of missiles and their related components. When pressed Tuesday on what they meant by the goal of "denuclearization," Trump said, "It means they get rid of their nukes. Very simple."
"It would be easy for me to make a simple deal and declare victory. I don't want to do that," the president said.
This week, U.S.-allied South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim will hold a summit in the Demilitarized Zone between the Koreas that could lay the ground for Trump's planned meeting with the North Korean dictator. The leaders of the U.S. and North Korea have never met during six decades of hostility since the Korean War.
The exact date and location of the possible summit has not been determined.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that the U.S. goal was the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. When asked if the president was willing to accept anything short of that goal before lifting sanctions or was willing to go incrementally, they told reporters: "Certainly no sanctions lifted until we see concrete actions taken by North Korea to denuclearize."
Last year, the U.S. spearheaded through the U.N. Security Council the toughest international sanctions yet against North Korea in response to three long-range missile launches and its most powerful nuclear test explosion yet. The Trump administration supplemented those restrictions with unilateral U.S. sanctions against firms that had conducted illicit trade with the North.
This year, Kim has pivoted from confrontation to diplomacy and, according to South Korea and China, has expressed a commitment to denuclearization. There is still uncertainty about what they seek in return.
Trump's praise for Kim on Tuesday stood in stark contrast to their previous bellicose rhetoric toward the North Korean leader. Beyond dubbing them "Little Rocket Man" from the rostrum of the United Nations last fall, Trump has threatened to deliver "fire and fury" upon North Korea and taunted Kim on Twitter that their own nuclear "button" was larger than the one in Pyongyang.
Later Tuesday, Trump sidestepped a question as to why they would use the word "honorable" to describe Kim, who has been accused of starving their own people, executing their political opponents and ordering the killing of a member of their own family.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Ken Thomas contributed to this report.
TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne says they would welcome U.S. President Donald Trump's education secretary to visit the province's public schools if they choose to reschedule a cancelled visit.
Wynne says they were looking forward to an opportunity to show Betsy DeVos a strong, publicly funded education system — even though they don't agree with some of their positions.
DeVos advocates for school choice, including vouchers that allow kids to attend charter schools — which are publicly funded but privately operated — or private schools on the public dime
DeVos has also attracted protests recently for revoking a guidance that instructed colleges on how to handle sexual assault cases, saying the previous policy was unfairly skewed against those accused of assault, and for the department of education rolling back rules allowing transgender students to use school restrooms of their choice.
Ontario teachers' unions expressed concerns about DeVos' planned visit, which they cancelled this week the day before it was set to begin, citing scheduling issues.
The NDP called on the government to not allow DeVos to tour schools in the province — a position Wynne says they don't understand.
"I don't agree with the positions that Secretary DeVos has taken in the past, that's true, but I think that's all the more reason to have an opportunity to showcase what we do in our schools and how strong a publicly funded education system can be," Wynne said Friday.
"So I honestly don't understand why we would want to hide that under a bushel. I would think we'd want to celebrate the success of our publicly funded education system."
By The Canadian Press
We continue our weeklong immigration series by talking about what a fair and humane immigration policy would look like.
By the end of 2015, a record 65.3 million people were forcibly displaced worldwide. An estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants live in the United States. Last year, nearly 85,000 refugees were resettled in the country. Immigrants and communities are struggling with fear over the consequences of being detained, jailed, and deported. What would a humane immigration system look like?
Guests:
Bill Ong Hing, professor of law at the University of San Francisco and professor of law emeritus, UC Davis, and author of Ethical Borders—NAFTA, Globalization and Mexican Migration and Deporting Our Souls—Values, Morality, and Immigration Policy
Catherine Tactaquin, executive director and a co-founder of the National Network for Immigrant and Refugee Rights
Web Resources:
Unitarian Universalist Association: Principles of humane immigration reform
Harvard Humanitarian Initiative: Statement on Immigration & Refugee Executive Order
National Immigration Law Center
American Friends Service Committee: Immigrant rights
The Atlantic: Fleeing by the Millions: Migration Crises Around the World
The Washington Post: RAISING BARRIERS
Time: See Every Executive Order Donald Trump Has Signed Since Becoming President
Share. They did it all for Noob Noob. They did it all for Noob Noob.
Warning: Full spoilers for the episode below.
It was only a matter of time before Rick and Morty gave us a superhero episode. As we've already seen this season, the show isn't really at its best when it focuses too heavily on parodying a specific franchise or genre trope. Luckily, "Vindicators 3: The Return of Worldender" was just loose and frenetic enough to avoid the mistakes made by "Rickmancing the Stone." The superhero elements were merely garnished on a very dark character study of a new episode.
Writers Sarah Carbiener and Erica Rosbe took an amusing approach with setting the stage for this conflict, presenting it as a sequel of sorts to a previous team-up between Rick, Morty and the dysfunctional super-team known as the Vindicators, a team-up that we've never actually seen before. Adding another layer to that fun premise is the fact that neither Rick and Morty were aware that there was a "Vindicators 2." Right away, that set the stage for an interesting and unusually frigid dynamic between Rick and and Morty. Morty clearly idolizes the Vindicators in a way they never could for their cool but eternally self-centered grandfather, and Rick can't help but be jealous of that on some level.
The Vindicators themselves proved to be an entertaining bunch. The Venture Bros. still has Rick and Morty beat when it comes to clever parodies of popular superhero archetypes, but it's hard not to be amused by wacky, dysfunctional heroes like Supernova (Community's Gillian Jacobs), Alan Rails (The Wire's Lance Reddick) and the improbably named Maximus Renegade Star Soldier (Mr. Robot's Christian Slater).
10 Rick and Morty Gadgets We Wish We Had IRL 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 11 10) Broken Leg Serum
First Seen: Pilot
Have you fallen? Perhaps broken both your legs? Simply travel to the advanced future and inject yourself with the over-the-counter serum capable of mending human bones. This is one that even Madam Pomfrey wishes they had in their apothecary. 01 OF 11 10) Broken Leg Serum
First Seen: Pilot
Have you fallen? Perhaps broken both your legs? Simply travel to the advanced future and inject yourself with the over-the-counter serum capable of mending human bones. This is one that even Madam Pomfrey wishes they had in their apothecary. 10 Rick and Morty Gadgets We Wish We Had IRL Download Image Captions ESC
If "Vindicators 3" did anything right, it was in constantly subverting expectations and pushing this bizarre little superhero team-up in weird directions. The big twist - that the real villain of the episode wasn't the Worldender, but Rick themselves - was an inspired choice, and one that really speaks to the grim place Rick finds themselves this season. This is a man who destroyed the Galactic Federation and the Council of Ricks in the Season 3 premiere. They promised Morty Season 3 would be their darkest year yet, and so far he's been living up to that promise. Maybe this episode didn't operate on the same, massive scale as "The Rickshank Redemption," but it felt no less dark and nihilistic because of it.
Rick is a man who seems determined to prove that nothing matters and good and evil are meaningless abstractions. Having them get blackout drunk and construct a crude yet elaborate system of Saw-esque challenges to torment their fellow Vindicators is certainly one way to go about it. The constant gulf between Drunk Rick's actions and regular Rick's memory resulted in some of the strongest humor of the episode. I especially enjoyed Drunk Rick's half-assed third challenge with the basketball. But these challenges also allowed the dysfunctional team relationship to stand out, culminating in Supernova being driven mad by Rick's cruelty and murdering poor One Million Ants in cold blood.
This episode included another great swerve when Morty "solved" the final challenge. At this point we're used to the idea of Rick showing occasional moments of tenderness and affection towards Morty and Summer when the chips are down and their blood alcohol content is high enough. Those rare moments are often among the show's most powerful, but the worst thing Dan Harmon and Justin Roiland could do is become predictable in that area. Fortunately, they seem savvy to that fact, as this episode made another sharp turn and revealed that Noob Noob, not Morty, was the apple of Rick's eye. And that's pretty much where "Vindicators 3" left things. No happy ending. No tender moment between Rick and Morty. Just death, futility and a random dance party featuring a cameo by Logic. It's an ending that really speaks to the grim road the series is taking this season. And as long as Roiland, Harmon and the writers keep us second-guessing the destination, this looks to be a road worth following.
× County announces 1st death of flu season
SAN DIEGO – The San Diego region's first fatality of “flu season” was an 86-year-old man who died Sunday, county health officials said Friday.
The San Diego man had a previous medical condition, and they succumbed after a brief hospitalization, according to the county Health and Human Services Agency.
“This death is an unfortunate reminder that influenza can be fatal,” county public health officer Dr. Wilma Wooten said. “The seasonal influenza vaccine is widely available.”
The HHSA is sponsoring several free flu shot clinics this month. Locations are available online at sdiz.org or by calling 211 San Diego. The vaccine protects against several flu strains.
Flu vaccines also are available at doctors' offices and pharmacies.
So far this season, 203 lab-confirmed influenza cases have been reported, compared with 60 at this same point last year.
The 2016-17 flu season saw 87 fatalities, including two children.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends flu shots annually for everyone at least 6 months old.
Vaccination is more important for people with weakened immune systems, as well as those who are pregnant, elderly or live with or care for others at high risk.
Other suggestions for staying healthy include frequent hand-washing, using hand sanitizers, staying away from sick people, avoiding touching the eyes, nose or mouth, and cleaning commonly touched surfaces.
A couple of hundred party-goers had penetrated the old military Asiat site in Vilvoorde. An appeal was launched on social media to join. Organisers of the illegal fete had brought a lorry for the music and to supply drinks. They had broken the lock of the main gate to get in.
Local police first let the party-goers do their thing, but intervened after a couple of hours, with the help of federal colleagues. By then, the crowd had swollen to about a thousand, including guests from France and the Netherlands. The atmosphere during the intervention was very hostile, with some party-goers and police officers sustaining injuries.
Vilvoorde Burgomaster Hans Bonte says organisers will not escape punishment. "We will impose fines. We are talking about burglary, violence against police and fire services and vandalism. The punishment will not be a light one."
LAFAYETTE, Ala — On December 10th around 5:30 P.M. a Chambers County Deputy became involved in a high speed chase down l-85 heading north. The Chambers County Deputy attempted to stop the Burgundy Sedan as they approached mile marker 78 in Valley.
The sedan accelerated and exited off the 79 ramp. A pursuit ensued down Highway 29 in Valley. Deputies were assisted in the opposite direction by Valley Police Department.
After seeing multiple vehicles closing in on the sedan, it made a quick evasive turn into Quick Way Cleaners and wrecked.
The suspects fled the scene on foot, but were both taken into custody by deputies. A search of the vehicle resulted in deputies recovering an estimated $1,500.00 worth of Methamphetamine, Crack Cocaine, Marijuana, digital scales, and Cash.
Both suspects Brian Preston 32 of Cusseta, Al. And George Bolton, 32 of Wetumpka, Al where taken to Chambers County Jail and booked in on drug charges.
Sheriff Lockhart thanks Chief Tommy Weldon and their officers for their assistance in bringing this to a safe ending.
A decades-old family recipe is the feature at a restaurant claiming to have Australia's first single-dish menu in Adelaide.
Spaghetti Crab will offer diners just that — one pasta main, no entrees, no sides.
The dish, which is made using fresh South Australian blue swimmer crabs, has been refined by local restaurateur Carmela Ventura.
“I have cooked this recipe for my family and our friends for over 50 years, and I am so excited that I can share our family tradition with Adelaide,” Ms Ventura said.
“While it looks like a simple meal of spaghetti and crab, the flavours, the sauce, the perfect spaghetti, combined with friends and family sharing in the meal, remind me of our family table.”
The restaurant is the brainchild of Ms Ventura, their husband, Vic, and colleagues at their nearby Italian restaurant, Ruby Red Flamingo.
In keeping with family tradition, the spaghetti will be drawn in generous portions from the same dish, with an extra side serving of sauce in an iron pot.
Guests are encouraged to lay their crab shells on paper-topped tables, making as much mess as necessary.
The only decision will be made on the wine list, with three Italian wines chosen to accompany the dish.
Spaghetti Crab is expected to be open for six weeks at 47 O'Connell St, North Adelaide.
× Pottsville Salvation Army Needs Donations of Children's Coats
POTTSVILLE — For the next few months, those in need of a winter coat can find one at the Salvation Army in Pottsville.
Karen Schaefer of Pottsville already got hers.
“I like to get a warmer coat for the winter, you know, because it gets cold in PA,” Schaefer said.
The Salvation Army accepts coat donations starting in the fall. They`re given to anyone who needs one.
“This is a great way for the community to partner in helping those who are in desperate need,” Pottsville Salvation Army Envoy-in-Charge Fred Harris said. “To help them stay warm throughout the winter season.”
The Salvation Army has already given out about 300 coats this season, with about 50 those given out this past week. The coats go quick. With such a high demand, the Salvation Army Needs certain types of winter wear to keep up, like hats, gloves, scarves and kids coats.
“We need children's coats,” Harris said. “If you would look at our racks, we have four racks of adult coats and only one of children's. A lot of them are smaller children, which are great, but we also need them for preteen and 8-12 years old.”
Schaefer said it`s hard for many families in the area to afford coats for every member of their family. She`s hoping the community will bring in donations to help out the children.
“They're going to be the adults in a few years,” Schaefer said. “You know, they're going to be taking care of society, so we need to keep them warm.”
If you would like to donate a coat or need a coat, just head to the Salvation Army on Sanderson Street in Pottsville.
One of the biggest negatives about the Pittsburgh Steelers defense last season was the failed attempt by the coaches to create a rotation at outside linebacker. As many as six different guys were part of that trial and error and it wasn't until Bud Dupree and James Harrison were locked in that things started to turn around. This season the Steelers coaches are wasting no time.
According to Ed Bouchette of the Post-Gazette, there won't be a rotation and instead, it'll be T.J. Watt and Bud Dupree as the starters with veteran James Harrison coming in as the closer when Watt needs a break.
Linebackers coach Joey Porter spoke about the decision and got us all feeling nostalgic. “It's like when [LaMarr] Woodley and Harrison were in their heyday, there was no reason to pull them off. When me and [Jason] Gildon were out here, there was no reason to pull us off.”
Watt has been very impressive during training camp and really had a strong first preseason game. He's looking better than billed and if one game is any indication looks ready for the speed of the NFL game.
Porter didn't hide expectations about Watt's performance. “We definitely expect big things,” Porter said and you have to believe that if they and head coach Mike Tomlin didn't have full confidence in Watt, they don't make this announcement.
Last season, the drive-by-drive philosophy failed miserably. Rushing the passer is as much about momentum and getting into a rhythm as anything and they failed to do that. It isn't clear how much Harrison will play or who will be the backup plan for Dupree, but this will all sort itself out over the next three weeks.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
The mayor of Hinton wants to know why construction appears to be starting a wind turbine project that is now tied up in court.
The heroics of Perth commuters in 2014 have inspired US train passengers to follow their lead and help save a woman trapped between a train and a platform.
On Friday night a woman slipped and got their leg caught while disembarking the train at Massachusetts Avenue station, in Boston.
Remarkably, one man was on hand to drum up enough of a crowd to begin pushing the train - having seen a similar effort from heroic Perth commuters online.
Speaking to US website wcvb.com Pete Shamon said they had stumbled across footage from Perth's Stirling Station just days before this latest rescue bid, during a random internet trawl.
The massive rescue effort in Perth, in August 2014, sparked headlines around the world, sending footage of the incredible feat viral.
Camera Icon Perth gained global attention in 2014 after passengers did the same thing at Stirling Station.
But as they joined the millions of people worldwide to watch the footage, they had no idea it could have real life implications that very same week.
"This is a little trick I picked up this week, and it came in handy pretty quickly," Mr Shamon told wcvb.
“More and more crowds gathered and after awhile, it was probably a couple hundred people gathered out there on that platform.
Thanks to the united effort it wasn't long before the woman was freed.
“It happened like that, it was five seconds and they were out.”
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it's that time to celebrate with friends and family. Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city.
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa. Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where they are holding court, you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area.
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match their regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. They struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned their fifth victory in 15 postseason starts thanks to teammates who gave them a big cushion.
By The Associated Press
BERLIN (AP) — Germany's foreign minister says a “United States of Europe” proposed by their party's leader wouldn't spell the end of nation-states on the continent.
Martin Schulz, who heads the center-left Social Democrats, told a party meeting last week that countries refusing to sign a treaty establishing a federal “United States of Europe” by 2025 should leave the European Union.
Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told German public broadcaster ARD on Sunday that the idea was “no contradiction to the Europe of fatherlands or motherlands.”
Gabriel says European nations can't defend their interests alone on the global stage and “unless we stand together, our children won't have a voice in the world.”
Talks between the Social Democrats and Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Union on extending their “grand coalition” for a new government resume Monday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New research has shed light on the reasons driving doctors out of General Practice in the UK.
New research has shed light on the reasons driving doctors out of General Practice, following earlier findings that around two out of every five GPs in the South West are planning to leave direct patient care in the next five years.
The research, led by Professor John Campbell of the University of Exeter Medical School and funded by the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR), aimed to identify factors influencing GPs' decisions about whether or not to remain in direct patient care, and what might help to retain them in the role.
Professor Campbell, who is a practising GP, said: "Our new research is a significant study of what is driving the exodus of GPs from direct patient care. policymakers need to take this onboard and address these issues to retain GPs and encourage medical students to take up a career in general practice. Despite recent government plans to address the problem, numbers are continuing to fall. If we do not act now, many areas will face a severe shortfall in the number of GPs providing care for patients their area."
Researchers interviewed 41 GPs for the study, and identified three main themes underpinning the GPs' thinking and rationale.
Three reasons emerged: a sense that general practice based primary care was under-valued within the healthcare system; concerns regarding professional risk encountered in delivering care in an increasingly complex health environment; and finally, considerations about leaving or remaining in direct patient care and the options and choices that GPs felt were available to them.
It comes following a largescale survey led by Professor Campbell, which showed that two in every five GPs in the South West intended to quit within the next five years.
The research adds to the picture of a crisis developing around the national GP workforce in the last five years. The number of unfilled GP posts quadrupled between 2012 and 2014, while the numbers of GPs fell substantially. The national situation has prompted political action, with the Government announcing measures to train 5,000 new GPs in 2015, and to increase the proportion of medical students who choose general practice as a career. Despite this, government data showed that over 1000 GPs left full time practice between 2016 and 2017.
Professor Campbell said: "We now need sustained, strategic, and stable planning of health services - not a series of short-term 'fixes' which only destabilise clinical care further. Innovation is essential, but needs to be based on firm evidence."
###
The article 'Why do GPs leave direct patient care and what might help to retain them? A qualitative study of GPs in South West England' was published in BMJ Open.
Loyola-Chicago coach Porter Moser gestures to their team during the second half of a second-round game against Tennessee at the NCAA men's college basketball tournament in Dallas, Saturday, March 17, 2018. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
Loyola-Chicago coach Porter Moser gestures to their team during the second half of a second-round game against Tennessee at the NCAA men's college basketball tournament in Dallas, Saturday, March 17, 2018. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
DALLAS (AP) - Porter Moser wants their Loyola-Chicago players to savor every moment of the NCAA Tournament. It took the Ramblers a long time, and last-moment shots in consecutive games, to go from what the coach termed a "grassroots rebuild" to the Sweet 16.
"It's amazing when you have a group of people who believe," Moser said. "I mean, just this group is resilient. They believe."
Maybe on this Sunday, when they returned home to Chicago from Dallas, they took the chance to catch their breath a bit - and say a prayer or two of thanks.
"We knew we were having to win and win the conference and then get to the conference tournament, and it's been this mentality of you win, enjoy the moment," Moser said. "I'm letting them enjoy it because it's a mature, close group. And I want them to enjoy it. Then the next day, we all say put it in the bank, next one up."
In 100 years of basketball at Loyola, a Catholic college in the heart of Chicago with of about 16,000 students, no team has won more games than this year's Ramblers (30-5), the No. 11 seed in the South Region.
"It just means the world to us to bring that pride back to this program," senior guard Ben Richardson said.
They matched the 29 wins of their 1963 national championship team when Donte Ingram's last-moment 3-pointer beat Miami in the NCAA opener Thursday. They broke that mark two days later, when Clayton Custer's jumper got a friendly bounce off the rim with 3.6 seconds left for a win over Tennessee.
"It just means our season is not over," senior Aundre Jackson said. "We've reached no finish line."
Loyola plays in Atlanta on Thursday night against No. 7 seed Nevada, which had a huge rally Sunday night to beat No. 2 seed Cincinnati 75-73 .
The Ramblers will get another pregame prayer from Sister Jean, their 98-year-old team chaplain who also provides their own scouting reports and notes of encouragement to the Ramblers. Jean Dolores Schmidt was in Dallas, and plans to be in Atlanta as well.
Along with their national title, the Ramblers went to the Sweet 16 in their last NCAA Tournament appearance 33 years ago before Patrick Ewing and Georgetown beat them in the third round.
But when Moser arrived in 2011, and endured a 7-23 debut season with only one win in the Horizon League, there was little interest in the program that would move to the Missouri Valley Conference two years later.
Moser, an assistant coach for the late Rick Majerus at St. Louis before that, recalls only a couple hundred people at games, and their family walking through the student union with more people there than in the basketball arena. Still, Moser had a plan, one without shortcuts, to create a winning culture.
"I'm blessed, so blessed that Loyola University, the administrators, the fan base, they were steadfast on how I was saying I was going to do it with good kids, good people. We weren't going to bend on the academic reputation," they said. "All our kids graduate. We've got high-character kids, and it was a credit to them. And in this day and age, because I know fan bases all over want it so fast."
Time after time when speaking to groups and fans, the coach who is from the Chicago area repeatedly asked people to imagine Loyola getting back to the NCAA Tournament - and advancing.
"I just kept on pounding that vision," Moser said. "It isn't just me. It is an absolute wide stretch of people at Loyola that has had that vision to do it the right way with a good foundation of great kids, great student-athletes."
Everybody can surely see that now.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org , https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
The barrels found dumped at sea near Bremer Canyon.
The barrels found dumped at sea near Bremer Canyon. Picture: Albany Advertiser
Drums of highly corrosive hydrochloric acid have been dumped at sea near the renowned Bremer Canyon.
Three intact drums were spotted by researcher Rebecca Wellard near the world-renowned biodiversity hotspot on Thursday, with one said to contain acid remnants.
Another 200L drum was found on Friday.
Marine scientist Bec Wellard, who is completing a PhD at Curtin Universitys Centre for Marine Science and Technology on killer whales in Australian waters. Picture: Picture: Bec Wellard/Project Orca, Bec Wellard/Project Orca.
Ms Wellard, who has been studying the acoustics and population dynamics of killer whales at the Bremer sub-basin since 2014, said they were appalled.
“I have never seen waste disregarded and disposed of like that,” they said.
“These drums were made of hard plastic and ocean plastic pollution is our biggest threat.
“The reality is plastic never breaks down, it only breaks up. These tiny plastic pieces, or microplastics, are threatening marine wildlife through ingestion.
“Also, any of the hydrochloric acid that may have entered the system is also worrying, as almost every marine organism is contaminated with human-made chemicals, such as pesticides and chemicals used in everyday human consumer products.”
The find has since been reported to authorities. “Every vessel out there on the ocean not only has to meet legal requirements, but has a duty of care,” the Curtin University PhD student said.
“We have polluted the ocean enough and don't need to add any more stresses to the marine environment.”
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anyone who saw Channel 4's return-to-nature reality show Eden: Paradise Lost will have seen a summary of humanity's grim struggle over the millennia.
The show put 23 individuals into 700 acres of lush Scottish wilderness and observed them build a community from scratch, a process that became so painful to watch that Channel 4 abandoned regular updates throughout the year and went for a throw-away round-up show during August.
What transpired in the Eden must have been how society was shaped for hundreds of generations before progressive thinking prevailed. And even then, not so much.
The Alpha Males took themselves off to the woods, there to sate their gluttony with endless meat, hacking through the livestock like it was closing time.
(Image: Channel 4)
They demanded the women “do the women's jobs” – like washing up – in exchange for their brawn and any voices – again, mostly female – that offered objection were shouted down and ignored – in between the sexist and homophobic jokes and the leering, of course.
The majority had left the show long before the year was up and those that endured to the bitter end confessed they were more or less ashamed of themselves depending on their levels of self-awareness.
Hatred of other
It is perhaps not to great a stretch to suggest that the modern office has many of the characteristics of this Lord Of The Flies hegemony. Yes, people wear suits and exchange pleasantries, but the values of predatory capitalism are derived directly from the “survival of the fittest” that reduced species to winners and losers.
Perhaps that is why it is the most dominant social model in enlightened society – it still allows for bare-teethed fury beneath a veneer of equality, politeness and purpose.
This anger-from-nothing, this hatred of other and tribal bonding, also figures in a major new study of the US workplace by the Rand Corporation, Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles.
The headline finding was that a “disturbingly high” one in five workers say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, including sexual harassment and bullying.
Nearly 55% say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions; and only 38% say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. Less educated workers endure tougher working conditions.
Lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist said: “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
They said the conditions were keeping many out the workforce with fewer looking for jobs and many employers complaining they cannot fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Ms Maestas said. “Working conditions really do matter.”
The findings and the show are a reminder that respect for others is a deliberate and pre-meditated act and not an inevitable reflex. Civility is entrenched by the doing of it and the constant, wilful suppression of the opposite.
We are in touching distance of the wolves.
Follow The Wharf on Twitter and Instagram @thewharfnews
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Forest Green Rovers are officially safe from relegation in League Two after a goalless draw at Yeovil Town
The result took them seven points clear of 23rd placed Barnet with two matches remaining, meaning Mark Cooper's side can look forward to a second season in Football League in 2018/19.
The point also means Yeovil, above Rovers on goal difference are mathematically safe going into their final pair of fixtures.
Forest Green travel to second placed Luton Town on Saturday before ending the campaign with a home match against Grimsby Town on May 5.
Bishop's Cleeve have hope going into the final day of the season
A 3-2 win at Gloucestershire rivals Shortwood United, coupled with a 5-1 defeat at North Leigh for Barnstaple Town, means Bishop's Cleeve could still pull off the most unlikely of escapes in Southern League Division One West.
They are two points behind Barnstaple with one to play, so they have to win at Yate Town on Saturday and hope that Barnstaple lose at Swindon Supermarine. Those two outcomes would see Cleeve climb above the Devon club and preserve their Southern League status.
The Mitres' goals at Meadowbank were scored by the returning Elliot Kennedy, Jack Watts and Mike Ford.
Boss Steve Cleal said: "I am absolutely delighted. We have done ever so well to put ourselves into the position we have going into the last game of the season.
"To go to Yate Town and have a chance of staying up is unbelievable when you consider we had five points at Christmas and were a long way off."
Cirencester Town's late play-off push still alive with one to play
A superb 2-1 victory at Winchester City, courtesy of goals from Ben Whitehead and Alex Albert, ensured Cirencester Town can still reach the Southern League Division One West play-offs.
Centurions goalkeeper Mat Wieczorek saved two penalties to help their side continue an incredible run of results in the second half of the campaign as they moved into the play-off places for the first time this season.
They round things off against Shortwood United on Saturday, knowing another three points could be enough to secure a top six finish, depending on other results.
Evesham now know they need a point at home to AFC Totton to guarantee a play-off finish for the third time in four seasons, while a win would ensure home advantage in the semi-finals.
Elsewhere on Tuesday night, Cinderford Town continued their impressive form with a 2-0 home win over Bristol Manor Farm, both goals coming from Richard Greaves to dent the visitors' own play-off chances.
Slimbridge were beaten 9-0 at champions Taunton Town.
Remaining Southern League Division One West fixtures
Thursday
Cinderford Town v Bideford
Kidlington v Shortwood Unied
Larkhall v Yate Town
North Leigh v Didcot Town
Saturday
Bideford v Winchester City
Bristol Manor Farm v Salisbury
Cinderford Town v Taunton Town
Didcot Town v Paulton Rovers
Evesham United v AFC Totton
Kidlington v Mangotsfield United
North Leigh v Larkhall Athletic
Shortwood United v Cirencester Town
Swindon Supermarine v Barnstaple Town
Wimborne Town v Slimbridge
Yate Town v Bishop's Cleeve
Gloucestershire County League results
AEK Boco 0 Thornbury Town 1 (Thornbury are champions)
Frampton United 0 Patchway Town 0
Rockleaze Rangers 4 Lebeq United 2
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto's gay village.
"We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found," police spokesperson Meaghan Gray said.
South Korean automaker Kia registered several days ago a trademark for “XCeed” with the European Union Intellectual Property Office. Taking into account the figurative type of the trademark listed on EUIPO's website, it means the appearance of the logo was actually registered, not the word “XCeed” itself.
It's too soon to say whether this badge will find its way onto a car, but it could mean a number of things. The use of the letter “X” might suggest Kia is cooking up a crossover (different than the Sportage) based on the next generation of the cee'd due to be unveiled late this year or early 2018. Speaking of the cee'd (Forte in the United States), the logo doesn't have the much-debated apostrophe and the font has also been modified as it is simpler now. In addition, the letter "c" is now in uppercase.
Another plausible scenario would have to be a concept named “XCeed” to explore the potential of Kia's next-gen compact model. After all, Kia did introduce in 2007 the “excee'd” cabriolet pictured above just months after showing the production five-door hatchback. The droptop derivative never did actually hit the assembly line, though.
Some could speculate the logo will be put to good use on a rugged version of the cee'd in the same vein as the Volkswagen Group is doing with the Golf Alltrack, Octavia Scout, and Leon X-Perience trio. Ford has already admitted it's toying around with the idea of doing a Focus Active, so this crossover alternative is here to say.
This trademark discovery raises more questions than it gives answers, but hopefully we won't have to wait too long to find out what's in tow for Kia's ‘XCeed' badge. My money is on a concept.
Source: EUIPO via AutoGuide
Federal Investigation Agency (FIA), under its special campaign, has registered total 368 cases of human trafficking in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) during the last three years.
Special campaign against Human Traffickers was launched as per the direction of Minister for Interior, Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan while Red Book of Human Traffickers also prepared and circulated to all concerned.
A data issued by Interior Division regarding registration of total cases in KPK on Monday revealed that during the period, there were 126 travel agencies and 208 travel agents were involved while the number of arrested travel agents was 176 and number of registered cases against accused was 157 and the number of convictions during last three years was 51.
Meanwhile, official sources while defining the steps taken to improve the overall performance of the Agency said, FIA's Strategic Framework on human trafficking, migrant smuggling has been developed and is under finalisation.
The immigration-related laws of FIA are being extended to Torkham Border Crossing Point in order to establish the writ of the Agency to kerb illegal trafficking and human smuggling.
The sources said FIA (APT) Rules, framed in 1975 were outdated and inconsistent with contemporary legal requirements in terms of Agency's administrative and functional domains. These rules have been amended and re-framed in 2014, in line with all pressing requirements.
FIA (Inquiries and Investigations) Rules, 2002 are also being examined and re-visited to ensure transparency, merit and fairness in process of investigation by FIA officers while strict monitoring and vigilance on performance and conduct of FIA officers and officials have been enforced through the establishment of Vigilance Units, Performance Evaluation Committees and Snap Checking Committees.
The sources said regular monitoring of progress of the Agency on high profile cases is being done by Ministry of Interior at senior level and cash and reward system has been introduced for the best performers.
The other steps included repatriation of irrelevant officers from FIA, more than 900 vacancies of FIA have been filled through National Testing Service (NTS) and Federal Public Service Commission (FPSC) while the process of recruitment against 483 additional vacancies is underway.
Similarly, for speedy disposal of pending inquiries/cases and to enhance Agency's outreach some measures have been taken including new FIA Police Station has been established at Mardan and the special court has been established in Gujranwala.
The sources said posts of Inspector (Legal/BS-16) have been upgraded to AD (Legal/BS-17), Project of NR3C (National Response Centre for Cyber Crime) Phase-I has been regularised as well as the project of Integrated Border Management System (IBMS) has also been regularised.
LINCOLN, NEB. – Improving Nebraska's tax system to reduce the overreliance on property taxes and expanding markets for Nebraska agricultural commodities through international trade are among the list of policy priorities adopted by the Nebraska Farm Bureau's State Board of Directors during the organization's board meeting held Aug. 8 in Norfolk.
“We deal with many issues today in agriculture, but it's important we focus our time and resources on the issues that are key to helping the bottom line for our members and for agriculture as a whole,” said Steve Nelson, Nebraska Farm Bureau president. “The recent board action updated our priorities to reflect the organization's top five state and top five national issues.”
Included on the list of state issues is the need to address the high property tax burden on Nebraskans. According to Nelson, finding a solution to the property tax issue has consumed much of Farm Bureau's time and efforts for the last several years and has continued since the close of the 2017 legislative session.“We're working with a wide array of partners, rural and urban, to identify the concepts and ideas that can generate real and meaningful property tax reforms. Nebraska doesn't have to be a high property tax state. Working together, we can change that. We're committed to doing so,” said Nelson.
The national list includes the need for expanded trade opportunities for Nebraska agricultural commodities and products.
“Today, roughly one-third of U.S. gross cash farm income is directly attributable to trade. The ability to move our Nebraska agricultural commodities into these markets is critical. Continuing to build upon our relationships with our international partners is a must,” said Nelson.
Nebraska Farm Bureau's state priority list includes:
Improving Nebraska's tax system to reduce the overreliance on property taxes.
Growing Nebraska's livestock sector.
Expanding farm and ranch access to high quality broadband Internet service statewide.
Proactive engagement on both state water quality and quantity issues.
Working for sound infrastructure and agriculture transportation policies.
Nebraska Farm Bureau's national priorities list includes:
Expanding markets for Nebraska agricultural commodities through International trade.
Reducing unnecessary regulations and working for regulatory reform.
Working to lower health care costs for farm and ranch families.
Improving the federal tax code through tax reform.
Developing a Farm Bill that provides a workable safety net for Nebraska's farm and ranch families.
“Certainly, these aren't the only issues that our organization is engaged in, but by focusing in these areas we can help improve the environment and create opportunities for our farm and ranch members to be successful,” said Nelson.
NHS –not safe in Tory hands
Stephanie Clark explains that both cutbacks and creeping privatisation is threatening the NHS in England and how to stop it.
On 1 April the first Accountable Care Organisations (ACOs) were due to be introduced into England's NHS. Concerns about the lack of consultation and parliamentary process involved in this radical re-organisation by the non-statutory body NHS England are currently being considered by the House of Commons Health Select Committee. Its Chair, Sarah Woolaston, asked Jeremy Hunt to pause implementation to allow their committee to complete its investigation. They refused, but has been forced to concede a consultation on the new ACO contract first.
At the same time, Judicial Reviews initiated by NHS campaigners are challenging the legalities involved in this process and the national ACO contract and have caused local plans for ACOs and hospital closures to be put on hold. The collapse of Carillion has added to nervousness about proceeding with further extension of private-public partnerships into the heart of the NHS.
The risks and democratic deficit involved in the massive re-organisation of the NHS, alongside draconian cuts in budget are pushing health and social care to breakdown. There is far greater public awareness and concern about cuts, however, than understanding of the complex programme for NHS re-structuring and privatisation.
Dismantling and privatisation of the NHS has been a clandestine 40 year project by those ideologically opposed to a socialised health service. Margaret Thatcher went as far as they could in introducing limited outsourcing but their ambitions were constrained by practicalities. However, the Conservative Party's privatisation ambition was embodied in Oliver Letwin's 1988 book, Privatisating the World: A Study of International Privatisation in Theory and Practice (preface by John Redwood). Letwin was David Cameron's Chief Policy Advisor and got into hot water for their leaked message to a private meeting in 2014 that the “NHS will not exist” within 5 years of a Conservative election victory.
The Blair/Brown Government increased investment with £5bn a year to the NHS, but also extended privatisation. Health Minister Alan Milburn introduced Foundation Trusts & the ‘internal market', and Gordon Brown energetically embraced the Major Government's Private Finance Initiative. The NHS was left with £81.6bn to pay off in debts –the cost of privatising hospital construction and outsourcing services via PFI deals – and paving the way to the Carillion disaster.
But privatisation has been accelerating since 2012. The 2012 Health and Social Care Act, drafted by global management consultants, McKinsey & Co, set the NHS up for the purpose. It removed the government's duty to provide a universal, comprehensive NHS, replaced strategic planning and commissioning with local Clinical Commissioning Groups, handed buildings to NHS Property Services, introduced full marketisation of the NHS imposing competitive tendering of all services, and increased the cap on NHS hospitals' private patients to 49%. It also left governance in a complete mess.
As at 30 Nov 2017, nearly £10bn of NHS clinical contracts are now held by private companies, and only 34% of contracts tendered last year went to the NHS. Among those with contracts are Care UK, which has links to the Conservative Party. Care UK runs the NHS 111 call centre and, alongside Virgin Care, has seized the opportunities for potentially lucrative community-based health services opening up as the national strategy for moving care out of hospitals into the community is being rolled out.
Virgin Care has won well over £2bn of NHS “business” over the past 7 years – several large contracts in community health, and £1bn of NHS contracts in 2016/17 – over 400 separate NHS contracts. In 2017 Virgin Care won a 7 year £700m contract to run Bath and North East Somerset's community care and health services. This is the first time a for-profit company will run a council's adult social care services.
Virgin also exemplifies the vulnerability of the NHS to being sued where companies fail to get the contract they have sought. Virgin Care sued the NHS after it lost out on an £82m contract for children's services in Surrey. Damages have been kept secret but campaigners have discovered through an NHSE source that they amount to £2m. In a further development this year – and rare success for the public sector – a Lancashire judge has blocked the contract awarded to Virgin to run the Lancashire County Council's Healthy Child Programme. Virgin is an example of a predatory company ruthless in extracting profit from NHS patient frontline patient care, beginning with loss leading bids to gain foothold in a lucrative future healthcare market. And Virgin, based in a tax haven, pays no tax.
Five years on from the 2012 Health and Social Care Act, there is widespread agreement that it has been a disaster. The fragmentation of services, the destructive effect of competition and shocking contract failures have ostensibly been addressed by Simon Stevens, head of NHS England, the body set up by the Government to run the NHS after the 2012 Act. Stevens' plan, “Five Year Forward View” (5YFW), published in 2014, to transform the NHS is being implemented through Sustainability and Transformation Plans (STPs). The country has been divided into 44 areas for STP delivery. These have been established as vehicles for cuts of £25bn and privatisation, but are presented as plans for the delivery of improved health outcomes with lower costs. How to achieve this miracle?
Informed commentators have castigated the process dictated by NHSE, the “savings” required to eliminate the deficits within the timescales demanded and with no planned evaluations of pilots and no plan for social care. The national rollout of the STPs in December 2015 was condemned at the time by Julia Simon, until 2016 senior NHS England director, as “ridiculous”, “shameful” and “mad” and the plans full of “lies”.
The plans require co-operation between the NHS and local authorities at a time when both NHS and social care are in crisis due to underfunding. But, both CCGs and, in many cases, local authorities are being sidelined as the new organisational structures are being set up. It is NHSE's intention that a multiplicity of interim arrangements will over time evolve into ACOs.
So what are ACOs? And where do they come from?
Simon Stevens' 5YFV plan for the NHS mirrors the blueprint developed over 2012 and 2013 at the World Economic Forum at Davos. Simon Stevens was leading that project team in their then role as President of Global Health Division at the US health corporation UnitedHealth. (Previous to that, Simon Stevens was health policy advisor to Tony Blair.)
The WEF group commissioned two reports from McKinsey & Co to develop a global template for transforming “socialised” health systems. The reports' recommendations, now being implemented through the STPs, are to:
Lower costs with new payment systems
Reduce capacity in costly settings like hospitals
Promote ‘self care'
Redefine ‘health industry' to allow global corporations to take over more public services
Introduce new ways to deliver ‘integrated' or ‘accountable' care based on models like Kaiser Permanente in the US, and the Alzira model in Spain and called Accountable Care Organisations, or ‘ACOs'.
An ACO requires a corporate entity to be set up: a commercial – non-NHS body, though NHS providers may be included among its constituent members. There is nothing currently to prevent a private company, including a global corporation, from taking over the contract as a whole. (The “accountability” of ACOs relates to financial accountability to partners, not to the public.)
Jeremy Hunt referenced Kaiser Permanente and Alzira as their two models for restructuring the NHS in addressing the Health Select Committee on 9.5.16.
Kaiser Permanente in the US is a company running its own hospitals and primary care, with its own health insurance plan. Its business model is based on saving money on treatments and denial of care.
The Alzira model appears, however, to be the preferred option of Simon Stevens. This model (named after the town Alzira in Spain where it was piloted) functioned in part like a UK PFI for a new hospital (the first privatised hospital in Spain) but also included providing the actual health care. The Alzira model was credited with bringing down costs and was extended to other regions but became mired in scandal over strikes, allegations of premature deaths and banking corruption and in 2017 the Valencian government passed new legislation to return the Alzira health concession to direct public management.
Centene is a partner in the Greater Nottingham ICS, has its UK base in the Kings Fund premises in London and has recently appointed Alan Milburn to its Board. Centene's role in Nottingham is as a “Care Integrator” – a key new role in ICSs with particular potential for the private sector and critical to the evolution into ACOs.
Optimum UK, the UK arm of UnitedHealth, is another example of a company in pole position to benefit from the evolution of ACOs. It already has NHSE contracts for commissioning support as well as community services. Optimum declare they are: “One of the few companies in the world that provides fully integrated solutions to deliver NMC [New Models of Care] requirements, from back-office transactional support to front-line delivery”.
In July 2017, NHSE announced 8 areas that would become ACSs (now ICSs), working towards becoming ACOs, originally intended from April 2018.
In this 70th anniversary year of the NHS, we have reached the end game of a long project to destroy it.
We cannot stand by and let this happen.
What can you do?
Support the Judicial Reviews, which are the best current hope for frustrating the privatisation and the cuts. National challenges:
#JR4NHS, was supported by Stephen Hawking among the 5 campaigners
To be heard 23-24 May 2018
#Comprehensive healthcare for all, challenging the legality of the new draft ACO contract due to be heard on 24 April in Leeds
Local legal challenges in South Yorkshire, Huddersfield, Barnsley and Rotherham stroke services, Dorset and Forest of Dean and South Tyneside.
Sign the online petitions:
Stop Privatisation of NHS Services – to be debated in the House of Commons on 23 April
And ask your MP to attend
STOP the new plans to dismantle our NHS
Build support for the NHS Reinstatement Bill.
This is being tabled for the third time as a 10 Minute Bill on 11 July
Join the demonstrations planned for the NHS 70th anniversary on 30 June
Work within the Labour Party to gain understanding of what is happening to the NHS, get discussion informed by the health campaigns to embed the 2017 national Conference NHS policy to oppose ACOs and work for the reinstatement of the NHS.
If you have a Labour Council, do what you can to ensure it is adopting national conference policy and opposes the ACOs and cuts to health and social care.
Support the local campaign in your area. Consider joining Keep Our NHS Public
This article has drawn particularly on the work of my fellow campaigners in Tower Hamlets Keep Our NHS Public, the Public Matters website http://publicmatters.org.uk and the many contributors to Keep Our NHS Public and Health Campaigns Together
https://keepournhspublic.com/
www.healthcampaignstogether.com
Stephanie Clark
Member Keep Our NHS Public and local health campaigns, and Tower Hamlets CLP
Like this: Like Loading...
10 - Mohamed Salah has scored 10 goals in the Champions League this season, the most by a Liverpool player in a single season in European competition. King. pic.twitter.com/aJJkiIxis6
The Pittsburgh Bureau of Police continues to investigate an incident that happened June 22 outside PNC Park when a vehicle was driven through a group of protesters.
Scroll for more content...
Police identified the driver as Gregory Clark Wagner, 58, of Sewickley.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Candidates are submitting petition paperwork ahead of the deadline to get on Pennsylvania's congressional primary election ballots.
More than 20 candidates had filed by mid-day Monday, according to state elections bureau data. The deadline to submit at least 1,000 voter signatures to get on the May 15 primary ballot is Tuesday.
Interest in running for Congress is high, especially after the state Supreme Court ordered the boundaries of Pennsylvania's 18 U.S. House districts redrawn in a gerrymandering case. The new districts will be in play in this year's mid-term elections.
There are also six open seats, the highest number in four decades.
Submitting signatures are several state lawmakers, including Democrat Greg Vitali and Republican Rick Saccone. They are seeking to run for open congressional seats in opposite corners of Pennsylvania.
“Think iOS is buggy?” Adrian Kingsley-Hughes writes for ZDNet. “You're not alone, and the bugs are now so commonplace that Apple didn't even spot the cameo appearance of one in its latest ad for the iPhone X.”
“The bug, which was spotted by the eagle-eyes of Benjamin Mayo of 9to5Mac, involves the text of an iMessage briefly appearing outside of the notification bubble on the lock screen,” Kingsley-Hughes writes. “What's doubly embarrassing for Apple is that Mayo says that they reported this bug ‘months ago' and Apple closed the bug report.”
“Now, I'll be the first to admit that this is a small thing. Compared to some of the bugs that iOS has suffered as of late (and for that matter, some of the bugs it still has), this is nothing,” Kingsley-Hughes writes. “But it's significant for a number of reasons: First, it made it into an Apple ad; No one noticed the bug (or, alternatively, cared that it was visible); [and] It's been reported for months and not fixed.”
Read more in the full article here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IOWA CITY, Iowa-- An Iowa truck driver had to leave their truck - and their puppy - behind. But thanks to two University of Iowa Hospital nurses, they got their beloved pet back.
Robert Prichard had a medical emergency while driving on I-80 and had to be taken to the University of Iowa hospital by ambulance, leaving their four-legged companion, Bandit, behind in theirs truck.
"If it hadn't been for these two right here, I would have lost them last night," Prichard told WQAD.
Prichard says they feared the puppy could have been put down or given away to another family.
Bandit wasn't, and instead was picked up by the Cedar Bend Humane Society, who says they only euthanize animals in cases of suffering or extreme aggression.
The Humane Society housed Bandit until two University of Iowa hospital nurses were able to pick them up and reunite the truck driver with theirs puppy.
"I didn't think it was really fair for someone to lose their animal just because they were in the hospital so I wanted to do everything I could," nurse Erin Niles said.
Prichard said it meant the world to him.
"I appreciate it, and nobody has ever treated or helped me like these people have. The main thing is I got my buddy back," Prichard said.
Prichard says he'll take some time off from trucking for now, and plans on hanging out with their faithful driving companion Bandit.
The Humane Society says pets left at the shelter need to be picked up within five days or they will be put up for adoption.
UPDATE:
10:56 am: Lieutenant Jack Allen with Great Falls Police Department held a press conference just before 11:00 am. They confirmed a male was shot earlier today and the suspect, also a male, is in custody.
The victim was taken to the hospital and their status is unknown at this time.
A weapon was recovered from the scene but police are not commenting on what type of weapon it was.
They are keeping the area of 2nd Avenue South and 9th Street South blocked off while the investigation continues, but adds there is no threat to the public at this time.
Cascade County Sheriffs are assisting in the investigation.
UPDATE:
10:46 am: Great Falls Police release the following information:
"Please avoid the area of 9th St and 2nd Ave S. Our patrol team has the 900 block of 2nd Ave S secured while we investigate an incident. One male has been shot and transported to the hospital, the suspect is in custody, and there should be no further threat to the community. Our officers were not involved in the shooting and the only reported injury is to the victim. Please keep the victim and all involved in your thoughts as we work to learn what transpired."
Our Tarvarious Haywood is on the scene and gathering more information.
People in the area say they may have heard gunshots earlier this morning near the area of 2nd Avenue South and 9th Street South.
Great Falls Police have blocked off some of the areas and are telling people to stay inside.
We have a reporter on scene and will continue to update this story as we learn more
© AFP 2017/ ARMEND NIMANI Kosovo Candidly Threatens Christian Serbs With Ethnic Purge
In an interview with Sputnik, Italian journalist and writer Maria Lina Veca suggested that the current Kosovo authorities were complicit in crimes against Kosovo's predominantly Christian ethnic Serbian minority, which is why a probe into the issue was never opened.
Veca wrote four books about the fate of Kosovo's Serbs after the 1999 NATO bombings of former Yugoslavia, an event that was followed by Albanian extremists' clampdown on the Serbian minority in Kosovo.
One of their books dealt with the illicit traffic in human organs in Kosovo. According to last year's Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly Report, members of the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) removed organs from prisoners, many of them ethnic Serbs, held in Albania.
© AP Photo/ Visar Kryeziu Kosovo President Hashim Thaci during a press conference in capital Pristina, Kosovo. File photo
Although current Kosovo President and former KLA leader Hashim Thaci has repeatedly dismissed the allegations as "baseless," many believe that the human organ trafficking was conducted under their auspices.
"More than 2,000 Serbs have disappeared right before the eyes of the so-called international community, and no one cares about this. So I wanted to tell the world what I heard from family members of those who were abducted by the KLA, and who were tortured, killed and who had organs cut out," Veca said.
When asked why the reports about the possible role of former KLA leaders in the Kosovo organ trade were put on the back burner, Veca said that "no one was interested in turning it into accusatory processes."
"KLA members became respected politicians clad in suits and ties on the international scene, and nobody wanted to destroy this illusion by trying to get to the truth," they added.
They also remained downbeat about the role of a new special court which is due to deal with the alleged crimes of former KLA leaders. According to her, a scenario where any high-ranking Kosovo politicians face trial is very unlikely.
"I do not think that there will be trials related to crimes against the Serbian population [in Kosovo], and no highly placed Kosovo politicians will be affected. The trials against KLA criminals would have meant a failure of the alleged 'truth' about Kosovo that the mainstream media and political structures have been promoting for the past twenty years," Veca pointed out.
When asked whether any European state could reconsider the decision on Kosovo's independence, they said that first of all, "we need to look at what will happen in Europe after Brexit, and will happen to Russian influence in Europe and US foreign policy" in the future.
They described the current situation in Kosovo as very complicated and hopeless, something that Veca said "is felt by Kosovo Serbs, Albanians and other peoples."
The Kosovo War between the Kosovo Liberation Army and Yugoslavia was fought in 1999, when NATO, led by the United States, was engaged in a 78-day military campaign against Yugoslavia over the alleged repression of Albanians in Kosovo.
While NATO was bombing Serbia and Montenegro, then part of Yugoslavia, between March 24, 1999 and June 10, 1999, the terrorist Kosovo Liberation Army was engaged in an ethnic cleansing campaign against ethnic Serbians residing in the region.
The conflict resulted in the death of over 2,000 civilians and 1,000 security personnel.
Additionally, according to a 2009 report published by the International Center for Transitional Justice, 155 Serbian Orthodox churches and monasteries were destroyed by Kosovo Albanian extremists in 1999 and in the following decade.
Kosovo unilaterally proclaimed independence in 2008 and is recognized by over 100 UN member states. Serbia, as well as Russia, China, Israel, Iran, Spain, Greece and some other countries do not recognize Kosovo's independence.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Scroll for more content...
A chilling letter from the alleged killer of five people at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis said they went to the newspaper with the "objective of killing every person present."
The letter from Jarrod Ramos, 38, written in the style of a legal filing and obtained by CNN, is addressed to the paper's former attorney and a Maryland Court of Special Appeals judge who upheld a lower court ruling throwing out their 2012 defamation case against the newspaper.
"You were too cowardly to confront those lies, and this is your receipt," the letter said. "I told you so."
The letter is dated Thursday, June 28, the same day prosecutors say Ramos, stormed into the paper's Annapolis newsroom with a shotgun, killing five employees and leaving two others wounded a few years after their unsuccessful defamation suit.
"I further certify I then did proceed to the office of respondent Capital-Gazette Communications ... with the objective of killing every person present," said the letter, which was first reported by The Baltimore Sun.
Former Capital editor and publisher Tom Marquardt said they learned of the letter during an urgent call they received on their way to a memorial for slain Capital assistant editor Rob Hiaasen.
"We thought the chapter had closed and theirs is the story that keeps on giving. In a very chilling way," Marquardt said.
"We probably had the reactions that Ramos wanted us to have. It was just a sense of chill."
The letter includes a message to Charles Moylan, the Maryland Court of Special Appeals judge who upheld the lower court's ruling throwing out Ramos' defamation case: "Welcome, Mr. Moylan, to your unexpected legacy: YOU should have died."
Copies of the letter were mailed to the Baltimore Circuit Court house, the state court of special appeals and the law firm, according to Ann Arundel County Police, who are investigating the mailings.
Ramos was arrested shortly after the shooting spree when responding officers found them hiding under a desk, according to police. They have been charged with five counts of first-degree murder, according to court records.
A portrait has emerged of Ramos as an unhinged loner consumed by a years-long vendetta against the newspaper, a man whose history of menacing behavior ended with him, in the words of a prosecutor, "systematically hunting and killing" staffers in the Annapolis newsroom.
"This guy is behind bars but they continue to inflict harm from a place where we thought we were safe from this guy," said Marquardt, who admitted to sleeping "with a baseball bat next to me for months because of this guy."
Ramos' conflict with the newspaper stems from a complaint a former high school classmate they barely knew filed against them in 2011. They alleged they began cyberstallking their years earlier -- repeatedly sending their aggressive private messages, harassing their therapist for information and contacting their employer to tell them they were "a bipolar drunkard leading a double life," which they said cost them their job.
When Ramos in 2011 pleaded guilty to harassing the woman -- whom CNN is not identifying -- a column about the case by former Capital writer Eric Hartley apparently left Ramos in a seething rage that lasted all the way up to last week's massacre.
They sued Hartley, Marquardt and Capital Gazette Communications for defamation in 2012, and then, after a judge threw out the case, appealed. In 2015, the court of special appeals judge upheld the ruling.
"The people who were involved in that story had left the paper," Marquardt said.
"The people who they killed practically didn't know their name. They didn't know what they looked like. Or what their issue was ... I don't know why you would take out your revenge against somebody who had nothing to do with what bothered you the most."
The other shooting victims were Gerald Fischman, 61, editorial page editor; John McNamara, 56, a staff writer; Rebecca Smith, 34, a sales assistant; and Wendi Winters, 65, who worked in special publications.
Marquardt said police advised them to watch their surroundings.
"You don't feel particularly safe ... even though this guy is behind bars," they said. "We're watching our mailbox every day thinking that there's maybe another trap that's going to be sprung."
EDMONTON, Alberta (AP) — Leon Draisaitl and Oscar Klefbom each had a goal and two assists as the Edmonton Oilers overcame a slow start to beat the Arizona Coyotes 5-2 on Tuesday night.
Matt Hendricks, Mark Letestu and Patrick Maroon also scored for the Oilers, who won for the second time in six games.
Josh Jooris and Martin Hanzal had the goals for the Coyotes, who won their previous two.
Arizona took the lead just past the midway point of the first period as Oliver Ekman-Larsson's point shot through a crowd hit Jooris in front and trickled past Oilers goalie Cam Talbot, who finished with 23 saves.
Advertisement
Edmonton came storming back to start the second, with two goals 31 seconds apart.
The Oilers tied it on the power play three minutes into the period as Milan Lucic sent a puck in front to Draisaitl and they showed persistence in batting in their own rebound on the backhand for their 21st of the season.
Before that goal had been announced, the Oilers got a skillful effort from Hendricks, who battled to shove the puck under Coyotes goalie Louis Domingue.
Just 11 seconds after that, however, it was tied up again. Hanzal beat Talbot on a long shot to the glove side for their fourth goal in three games.
Edmonton made it 3-2 on a two-man advantage midway through the second as Connor McDavid moved back into the NHL scoring lead, setting up a one-timer by Letestu.
The Oilers took a two-goal lead three minutes into the third when Anton Slepyshev sent Klefbom in all alone and the defenseman beat Domingue.
Four minutes later, Edmonton made it 5-2 when Maroon scored their career-high 20th while being hauled down to the ice in front of the Arizona net.
NOTES: Edmonton won the season series 3-1-1. … Oilers forward Iiro Pakarinen made their season debut after sustaining a knee injury in a preseason game. Pakarinen replaced Benoit Pouliot, who was injured in practice on Sunday.
UP NEXT
Coyotes: Wrap up a three-game trip in Los Angeles on Thursday.
Oilers: Play their final home game of February on Thursday against Philadelphia.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Authorities say recovery efforts are resuming in the search for a small plane carrying six people that disappeared over Lake Erie, near Cleveland.
The city of Cleveland said Monday morning that weather conditions are favorable for searching, with light winds and fairly calm waters. Seven vessels and four dive teams are taking part in waters 35-45 feet deep.
The city says there have been multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where a plane carrying a family of four and two neighbors departed late Thursday.
Police say they have confirmed that a bag recovered Sunday was from the aircraft. No details have been released. It was found near a private harbor in a small lakeside community.
The other debris hadn't been verified as from the plane.
LAHORE: The Knockout stage and qualifiers of Ufone Balochistan Football Cup are underway. From Khuzdar, Khudai Dad Qalandarni Football Club (FC) has booked their place for the eliminator round.
Two knockout matches were played at Balochistan Residential College Ground.
In the first match played, Khudai Dad Qalandarni has defeated Balochistan Residential College by 1 – 0. For the winning team, Tauseen Ahmed's solitary goal in the second half paved the way for victory in this exciting match between two equally matched sides.
In the second match, Babe Balochistan FC inflicted a 3 – 0 loss to Friends FC. After a competitive first half, Babe Balochistan dominated the game in the second half where Muhammad Irfan scored two consecutive goals supported by Muhammad Sajid's maiden goal.
A thrilling qualifier between Khudai Dad Qalandarni and Babe Balochistan FCs took place at Balochistan Residential College ground. After a close contest, Khudai Dad Qalandarni won the match 3 – 2, and qualified for the eliminator stage that will take place in Quetta on 27 March. From the winning team Tauseen Ahmed, Muhammad Saeed and Beberk scored one goal each.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) battled on Saturday to find solutions to disputes on healthcare and labour rules as they discuss forming a government more than four months after an election.
The two parties aim to seal a deal on renewing the “grand coalition” that has governed Europe's largest economy since 2013 by the end of Sunday. But some politicians say talks on forging the unnatural partnership could run into Monday or Tuesday.
Arriving for negotiations, SPD deputy Manuela Schwesig urged the conservatives to compromise on two areas crucial to their party – abolishing fixed-term contracts for workers and reforming Germany's dual public-private healthcare system.
“I don't think Mrs Merkel can explain why there can't be any movement there,” they said.
The SPD wants to prove to its members that it would be able to push through those core policies in the role of junior partner to Merkel's conservatives to make another “grand coalition” more appealing to sceptical grassroots members.
Many of the SPD's 443,000 members – who will get the chance to vote on any coalition deal – would prefer their party to revamp itself in opposition rather than signing up to another alliance with Merkel after the SPD suffered its worst postwar election result in September.
The two camps made some progress on labour policy on Friday by agreeing that employees in companies with more than 45 employees should have the right to move seamlessly back and forth between full- and part-time work.
Healthcare is a big stumbling block and party sources said Merkel and their Bavarian ally Horst Seehofer discussed the issue together on Saturday morning before meeting with the SPD.
The conservatives reject replacing the current system with a “citizen's insurance” as called for by the SPD and talks are now expected to focus on improving the position of those with public healthcare such as by changing billing rules for doctors, who earn more by treating private patients and so often favour them.
In a full day of negotiations on Saturday, the parties were also hoping to tick off issues including finances, rents and real estate prices, agriculture and municipalities.
They reached a deal on migration on Friday, agreeing to stick to wording of January's coalition blueprint that said the parties did not expect annual migration to exceed 220,000 per year.
But the two parties were still arguing over its meaning on Saturday, with Joachim Herrmann – a member of Merkel's CSU Bavarian allies who have called for an upper limit to migration – telling Rheinische Post newspaper they believed their party had secured a migrant cap in the negotiations.
Meanwhile SPD deputy Ralf Stegner insists the number is merely a prediction, writing on Twitter: “The fact remains that the SPD has not agreed to any upper limit and will not do so.”
Migration is a sensitive issue given the influx of more than a million migrants since mid-2015 and the subsequent loss of support the conservatives suffered to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) in September's national election.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (AP) - Firefighters in Colorado plucked eight animals they thought were puppies from a storm drain, only to find out later they were young red foxes.
Video of the would-be rescue showed a Colorado Springs firefighter lifting the squirming foxes one by one from the storm drain and placing them on a sheet.
The animals were then turned over to The Humane Society of the Pikes Peak Region, where a vet determined they were not dogs but foxes.
State wildlife manager Travis Sauder told CBS4 it's not uncommon for people to come across young wild animals at this time of year.
Sauder says the baby foxes would be returned to where they were found in hopes their mother was still around. If not, they say they'll be taken to a rehabilitation facility.
___
Information from: KCNC-TV, http://www.cbsdenver.com
Sergio Garcia of Spain celebrates winning the Masters with a putt on the 18th green during a playoff against Justin Rose of England in the final round of the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Profile of golf career of Spain's Sergio Garcia, who on Sunday won the U.S. Masters at Augusta National for their first major golf championship:
* Born Jan. 9, 1980 in Castellon, Spain.
* Began playing golf at age three, taught by their father, Victor, a club professional in Madrid.
* Won club championship at age 12, and four years later became the youngest player at the time to make the cut at a European Tour event, the 1995 Turespaña Open Mediterranea.
* In 1995 became the youngest player to win the European Amateur.
* In 1998 won British Amateur Championship.
* In April 1999 was low amateur at the Masters, the same year as compatriot Jose Maria Olazabal won their second Green Jacket.
* Won their first title on the European Tour in their sixth start as a professional, in July 1999 at the Irish Open.
* In August 1999 achieved worldwide prominence with a final-round duel against Tiger Woods in the U.S. PGA Championship, where they eventually finished runner-up.
* Masters victory was their 10th on the U.S. PGA Tour. Also has 12 European Tour wins and seven other international victories.
* Reached a career high ranking of world number two after winning the HSBC Champions tournament in November 2008.
* Made most major starts (74) before first major victory at the 2017 Masters.
(Compiled by Larry Fine in New York; Editing by Andrew Both)
By ARTHUR L. MACK
Staff Writer
MOBILE — The Mobile City Council passed several contracts during its regular meeting on Tuesday, including a couple that involved sidewalks.
One included a contract amendment with McCrory & Williams, Inc. to add $14,247.90 to engineering services for the McGregor avenue Sidewalk Project, which covers Dauphin Street to 550 feet south of Old Shell Road, and an authorization of a contract with Hutchinson, Moore, & Rauch LLC in the amount of $45,000 for sidewalks on Navco Road, Lincoln Boulevard and Stein Street.
Other contracts included one with C&H Construction Services, LLC in the amount of $148,048.30 for citywide guardrail repair, as well as a contract for $3,767,084.32 for citywide resurfacing of roads within the city limits.
Meanwhile, a change order in the amount of $17,751 was approved for the contract with J. Hunt Enterprises, general contractors, LLC for Heroes Park in Theodore. The change order involves site drainage and field condition improvements.
There were also several proclamations presented to individuals and groups during Tuesday's meeting.
One was presented to the widow of Mobile Police officer Justin Villa, who was killed in the line of duty during a standoff on Feb. 20. The award, the SAR Law Enforcement Commendation Medal, was presented by John Goss, the Law Enforcement Award chairperson of the General Bernado Chavez Chapter of the Alabama Society of the Sons of the American Revolution.
“It's the highest award that can be given an officer in the performance of their duties,” said Goss. “Officer Villa was enforcing the law when it happened, and that is why they were awarded the medal.”
Eddie Irby, the president of the 92nd Infantry Division Buffalo Soldiers WWII Alabama Chapter, was on hand to present certificates to members of the city's Public Works Department for their efforts in helping to clean up Oaklawn Memorial Cemetery, located in the Toulminville community.
The employees were honored for their efforts in “Operation Overload,” a massive effort by the Buffalo Soldiers in an effort to locate, identify and clean headstones and gravesites of World War I, World War II, Korean, Vietnam and Gulf War veterans who are buried at Oaklawn.
Irby also presented certificates to members of the Mobile Police Department who helped control traffic during a memorial ceremony held at Oaklawn on May 8. Flags from the Army, Marines, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard and Merchant Marines were raised on flagpoles donated by various military organizations.
In addition, a proclamation was presented to the Special Needs Athletic Program (SNAP), honoring bowlers with special needs in Mobile.
Researchers have found a new group of cells in the retina that directly affect the biological clock by sending signals to a region of the brain which regulates our daily (circadian) rhythms
Researchers have found a new group of cells in the retina that directly affect the biological clock by sending signals to a region of the brain which regulates our daily (circadian) rhythms. This new understanding of how circadian rhythms are regulated through the eye could open up new therapeutic possibilities for restoring biological clocks in people who have jet lag through travelling or working night shifts.
Biological clocks are synchronized to light-dark changes and are important to regulate patterns of body temperature, brain activity, hormone production and other physiological processes. Disruption of this can lead to health problems such as gastrointestinal and cardiovascular disorders, depression and an increased risk of cancer.
The suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN) is a region of the brain which co-ordinates the circadian rhythm using many different signalling molecules, including the neurohormone vasopressin. The retina signals environmental light changes to the SCN but it was previously unclear on how this process took place. This research shows for the first time that the retina has its own population of vasopressin-expressing cells which communicate directly to the SCN and are involved with regulating the circadian rhythm. This gives an insight into how the biological clock is regulated by light and could open up new therapeutic opportunities to help restore altered circadian rhythms through the eye.
The researchers interfered with the signalling of light information sent to the SCN in rats. Using a series of physiological tests, they showed that vasopressin-expressing cells in the retina are directly involved in regulating circadian rhythms.
Mike Ludwig, Professor of Neurophysiology at The University of Edinburgh and lead investigator of the study said 'Our exciting results show a potentially new pharmacological route to manipulate our internal biological clocks.'
They added 'Studies in the future which alter vasopressin signalling through the eye could lead to developing eye drops to get rid of jet lag, but we are still a long way off from this.'
The full study, Vasopressin casts light on the suprachiasmatic nucleus, is published in the Journal of Physiology.
###
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ Indiana 15 11 .577 7 Washington 14 12 .538 8 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ Miami 12 13 .480 9½ New York 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Orlando 11 17 .393 12 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 15½ Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ Minnesota 15 11 .577 6 Denver 14 11 .560 6½ Portland 13 12 .520 7½ New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 19 .269 14
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Denver at Indiana, 5 p.m.
Dallas at Minnesota, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A rugby hero who lost their cancer battle has been hailed as courageous and inspirational for the way they fought against the illness and tried to help others suffering from the life-threatening condition.
The death of ex-Newcastle Falcons star Paul Van-Zandvliet was announced yesterday. They were diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour and cancer of the kidneys and liver last year.
The 50-year-old, from North Shields, used to run the Falcon's Rest in Alnwick.
They leaf wife Helen and children Ryan, Lloyd, Leon, Paul Jnr and Hope Elle – described as daddy's princess.
Nicknamed Tank in their playing days, the father-of-five was determined to fight the condition as they underwent gruelling rounds of radiotherapy and chemotherapy.
They also used every opportunity to raise awareness of the desperate need for more funding for research into brain tumours so that better treatments and ultimately a cure can be found.
They collaborated with Brain Tumour Research to ‘shine a spotlight on this neglected cancer', by sharing their story and speaking on the day of the Parliamentary debate into brain tumours on ITV Tyne Tees last year, as well as organising fund-raising events.
They also pledged to collect money for Cancer Research UK, Newcastle RVI and Freeman hospitals, Restart Rugby and the foundation set up to support their beloved daughter, Hope Elle.
Speaking last year, Tank said: “You can't imagine how my family and I felt on discovering that I had three types of cancer. I vowed to take on the fight of my life and as long as I lived and had the strength within me, I would continue to fight.
“I am also keen to use every opportunity to raise awareness and I hope that when I am gone my family will continue this vital task.”
Tank joined the Falcons at Kingston Park in 1992 and was part of the side that won the Premiership title in 1998.
They retired in 1999, but remained part of the local rugby scene with involvements at North Shields, Percy Park and Whitley Bay Rockliffe.
A benefit game was staged at the Falcons' ground last year to raise funds for charities and Tank's family.
A statement on the Falcons' website read: ‘Having been diagnosed with their illness, they met their condition in typically uncompromising fashion and set about raising funds for charity and for the foundation set up to support Hope Elle.
‘All at Newcastle Falcons extend their deepest sympathies and heartfelt condolences to Paul's family and friends at this difficult time. Funeral details will be confirmed by the family in due course.'
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
NEW YORK — Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday "seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have."
"How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?" they ask.
HELENA, Mont.- A group of girls is bridging the gender gap in technology one code at a time. In just a few months, they have managed to create their own video game and interactive story.
Girls Who Code is a national non-profit working to change the image of what a programmer looks like and does. More than 50,000 girls throughout the U.S. have participated in the program, but this was the first year it was offered in Helena.
Girls learn vital computing and coding skills that are necessary for most science and technology jobs.
After seven weeks of hard work, the coders got a chance to show off their finished products.
Girls Who Code is free to any middle-school aged girl. A new session will start next year at the Lewis and Clark Library, along with girl-only STEM program.
Free child care rules are changing next month and some parents could be entitled to double the amount they currently receive.
From September, the existing allowance of 15 hours available to all parents will double for those who work.
That is 30 hours of free child care for working parents of three and four-year-olds.
'Working' includes people who are in employment, are self-employed, and parents on zero hours contracts who meet the criteria.
Each parent - or sole parent in a one parent family - must earn the equivalent to 16 hours at the national minimum or living wage for the first three months after application.
The allowance does not apply to those who earn more than £100,000 a year.
Families where one parent does not work, or neither parent works, will not usually be eligible.
There are a few exceptions, however, when a parent is on maternity or paternity leave or is on statutory sick leave.
The Department for Education is expecting 4,010 children across the county to take up the offer this financial year.
Parents can check their eligibility for the additional 15 hours the term before their child is due to start their funded 15 hours place.
The term children are able to start nursery depends upon when they are born:
Albany Senior High School will be celebrating its 100th year in style.
This year marks a century since ASHS first opened its doors and welcomed students from across the Great Southern.
Centenary celebrations will be enjoyed throughout the year with a variety of projects, a school open day, a concert, and a gala ball.
To celebrate the milestone, former staff and students will take a walk down memory lane at the Centenary Ball to be held the Albany Entertainment Centre on July 28.
Deputy principal Sara Garcia Perlines said it would bring together the school's current and past students and teachers.
“The night will allow people to reconnect while images of the past are displayed and local band Studio Crew perform music reflecting the past decades,” they said.
“There are many past staff and students are wanting to attend, and initial indications upon advertising last year suggested over 500 people wanted to go.”
“This is an exciting time as we reflect on the achievements of the past while we look to the future.”
The school will also produce a Centenary Boronia magazine, highlighting images from the past and showing key events and milestones. Other celebrations include the Hong Kong Reunion on July 29, the ASHS Open Day on August 2 and the Centenary Concert on August 4.
SAUGEEN SHORES -
Fewer people will go hungry thanks to the "Shop With a Cop" event staged by the Rotary Clubs of Southampton and Port Elgin, and the generosity of Scott Rowland of Rowland's Your Independent Grocer Dec. 6 in Port Elgin. Students from four local schools were teamed with a Saugeen Shores police officer and challenged to spend as close to $100 on a cart of groceries, without going over. All of the food was donated to the Salvation Army food bank.
The Northport Cougar team - students James Gattesco and Paige Kienapple and Saugeen Shores police Cons. Matt Mulholland - filled their food cart with $99.93 worth of groceries for the win. Their school will receive $100 from Rotary to spend in the library, and Scott Rowland donated an additional $100 to the food bank in the Cougar's name.
Each of the other three schools - GC Huston, St. Joseph's and Ecole Port Elgin Saugeen Central - will receive $50 to use in the library.
Before they set out to shop with calculators and flyers, the teams got some shopping suggestions - peanut butter, juice, hamburger - from Salvation Army volunteer Diane Thorne who said the need for food is great, especially at this time of year.
"Last month we served 100 families. I hope these children don't know what it's like to be hungry, and they are here to help others and that's wonderful," Thorne said.
Northport student Paige Kienapple said it was hard to shop with the limit, but was happy with their efforts.
"We wanted to get as close to $100 that we could and we knew we wanted lots of canned stuff and cereal," Kienapple said.
SPARTA, N.J. (AP) — A couple who gained notoriety for crashing a New Jersey wedding reception and leaving the newlyweds a card apologizing for their actions said they did it as a lark while on their first date.
Carly Wolfson told WCBS-TV in New York (http://cbsloc.al/2i08E43) that they sent the bride, Karen Tufo, a Facebook message apologizing for showing up uninvited at the Aug. 6 event in Sparta.
But Tufo — who has said they found the stunt funny and offered to buy the crashers a drink — told them no apology was needed. Wolfson said Tufo also told them that if all “goes well” for them and Ritchie Barry, she'll have to crash their wedding.
Wolfson said they and Barry planned their outfits and created a backstory involving a phony engagement ring. They also said they almost got cold feet about going through with their plans, likening it to a flirtatious game of “chicken.”
“(We came) in right behind the bride, like literately right behind her,” Wolfson said. “I freak out, shut the doors.”
Reception attendees have said Wolfson and Barry were the life of the party, spending a lot of time on the dance floor and sitting at the best man's table. Some guests and members of the wedding party thought they might be crashers, but with everyone caught up in the celebration no one questioned them.
Tufo has said they initially thought Barry was a friend of their new husband who they had not met. They eventually met the actual friend later on in the evening, but said they continually got sidetracked when they thought about questioning the suspected crashers.
The newlyweds learned the truth when they found the greeting card the crashers left them with a dollar bill attached. The handwritten note stated: “Dear Fox's, 1) Congratulations! 2) Sorry for crashing your wedding 3) Best of luck!!”
The two crashers also included a photo of themselves in the outfits they wore in the wedding photos.
In a Facebook note posted the Monday after the wedding, Fox thanked all their guests but made a point of recognizing the crashers and their accomplishments.
“Well played my friends… well played!!! I need to meet these people and buy them a drink. Professional job! You gave us the best wedding present anyone could ever ask for!” Fox wrote.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
February 2, 2018 - How does psychological stress translate into physical health effects? A key piece of the puzzle may be found in specialized cellular structures known as mitochondria, according to a pair of articles in the January issue of Psychosomatic Medicine: Journal of Biobehavioral Medicine, the official journal of the American Psychosomatic Society. The journal is published by Wolters Kluwer.
The articles present an update on current evidence and a conceptual framework of the role of mitochondria in understanding how psychosocial factors--either negative or positive--may affect human health. "Ultimately, the successful integration of mitochondria in psychosomatic research should foster a more comprehensive understanding of the forces that influence our health across the lifespan, and of the factors that hinder our ability to heal from disease," write Martin Picard, PhD, of Columbia University and Bruce S. McEwen of The Rockefeller University, New York.
Mitochondria, Stress, and Health - New Evidence and Interactions
Mitochondria are subunits of cells throughout the body with their own DNA. Mitochondria are found in nearly every type of cell. Sometimes called cellular "powerhouses," mitochondria generate the energy and signals required for life. When mitochondria do not work properly, they can cause severe diseases affecting many different body systems.
Research points to mitochondria as "a potential intersection point between psychosocial experiences and biological stress responses," Drs. Picard and McEwen write. In 23 experimental studies in animals that have been conducted by researchers in laboratories across the world, acute and chronic stress influenced specific aspects of mitochondrial function--particularly in the brain. Mitochondrial vulnerability to stress may be influenced by a wide range of factors, including behavior, genes, and diet.
The authors also outline a conceptual framework by which mitochondria may transduce the effects of psychological stress on physical health. A growing body of evidence suggests that mitochondria "sense, integrate, and signal information about their environment." This includes various stress-induced mediators, which cause structural and functional "recalibration" of the mitochondria.
The authors introduce the concept of mitochondrial allostatic load (MAL), describing the structural and functional changes that mitochondria undergo in response to chronic stress. In turn, these changes may lead to widespread health effects: for example, increased inflammation leading to disease risk, or cellular DNA damage leading to accelerated aging.
Mitochondria also appear to be involved in regulating the body's stress reactivity systems, including the brain, as well as controlling immunity and inflammation. Damage to mitochondrial DNA has long been suggested to represent a biological "aging clock." Recent studies have unequivocally shown that mitochondria affect the rate of aging in mammals, possibly through increased inflammation. However, it's still unclear whether this is the case in humans.
The findings are especially exciting for the field of psychosomatic medicine, with its traditional focus on re-integrating the mind ("psyche") and body ("soma"). Emerging evidence on the role of mitochondria in translating the effects of stress on health "extend the reach of mind-body research into the cellular-molecular domain that is the core foundation of current biomedical training and practice," Drs. Picard and McEwen write. They emphasize the need for further studies to test various elements of their model, especially in humans. "Future research should consider the dynamic bi-directional interactions between mitochondria and other important physiological systems," the authors conclude.
###
Click here to read "Psychological Stress and Mitochondria: A Systematic Review."
DOI: 10.1097/PSY.0000000000000545
Click here to read "Psychological Stress and Mitochondria: A Conceptual Framework."
DOI: 10.1097/PSY.0000000000000544
About Psychosomatic Medicine
Psychosomatic Medicine: Journal of Biobehavioral Medicine, founded in 1939, is the official peer-reviewed journal of the American Psychosomatic Society. It publishes experimental and clinical studies dealing with various aspects of the relationships among social, psychological, and behavioral factors and bodily processes in humans and animals. Psychosomatic Medicine: Journal of Biobehavioral Medicine is an international, interdisciplinary journal devoted to experimental and clinical investigation in behavioral biology, psychiatry, psychology, physiology, anthropology, and clinical medicine. The print journal is published nine times a year; most articles are published online ahead of print.
About the American Psychosomatic Society
The mission of the American Psychosomatic Society is to promote and advance the scientific understanding and multidisciplinary integration of biological, psychological, behavioral and social factors in human health and disease, and to foster the dissemination and application of this understanding in education and health care.
The American Psychosomatic Society is a worldwide community of scholars and clinicians dedicated to the scientific understanding of the interaction of mind, brain, body and social context in promoting health. The organization is devoted to biopsychosocial research and integrated clinical care, and to providing a forum via its website, Annual Meeting and journal, Psychosomatic Medicine, for sharing this research. Its members are from around the world, including specialists from all medical and health-related disciplines, the behavioral sciences, and the social sciences.
About Wolters Kluwer
Wolters Kluwer N.V. (AEX: WKL) is a global leader in information services and solutions for professionals in the health, tax and accounting, risk and compliance, finance and legal sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.
Wolters Kluwer reported 2016 annual revenues of €4.3 billion. The company, headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn, the Netherlands, serves customers in over 180 countries, maintains operations in over 40 countries and employs 19,000 people worldwide.
Wolters Kluwer Health is a leading global provider of information and point of care solutions for the healthcare industry. For more information about our products and the organization, visit http://www. wolterskluwer. com/ , follow @WKHealth or @Wolters_Kluwer on Twitter, like us on Facebook, follow us on LinkedIn, or follow WoltersKluwerComms on YouTube.
