LEGAZPI CITY, Albay: The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) would lower from 3 to 4 the alert level for Mount Mayon in the next few weeks if the volcano's waning activity continued.
Ed Laguerta, Phivolcs chief volcanologist in the Bicol Region, on Saturday said Mayon was showing low abnormal activity in the last 24 hours but no conclusive proof would support that such activity was weakening.
Thus, according to Laguerta, alert level 4 and the eight-kilometer danger zone stay.
He, however, believes that the volcano may still generate explosions as it did in 1984 when Mayon exploded after being quiet for a week.
“We are closely studying the sudden change and decrease of [sulfur dioxide gas emission]of Mayon to 1,583 tons per day from the more than 3,000 tons two days ago,” Laguerta said in a news briefing.
With Alert Level 4 in place, the public is strongly advised to not enter the eight-kilometer danger zone and to be vigilant against pyroclastic currents, lahars and sediment-laden stream flows.
NEW YORK May 2 Holders of Puerto Rican sales tax-backed debt sued the U.S. territory in the wee hours of Tuesday morning, alleging its debt-cutting plans violate the U.S. Constitution and kicking off a likely deluge of lawsuits against the ailing island.
The complaint, filed in federal court in San Juan, accuses Puerto Rico's leadership of impairing contractual rights of so-called COFINA bondholders, whose debt is backed by sales tax revenue, and trying to take their property in what they say are violations of the due process clause of the U.S. Constitution.
With $70 billion in debt, a 45 percent poverty rate and near-insolvent public health and pension systems, a torrent of litigation could force Puerto Rico into a so-called Title III proceeding - an in-court debt-cutting process similar to U.S. bankruptcy.
Midnight Tuesday morning marked the end of a freeze on creditor litigation under last year's federal rescue law known as PROMESA, designed to encourage Puerto Rico and its federal financial oversight board to negotiate debt-cutting agreements with creditors.
With no deals reached, the expiration of the freeze opened the floodgates for stakeholders to take Puerto Rico to court, in hopes of blocking Governor Ricardo Rossello's plan to impose drastic repayment cuts.
The COFINA plaintiffs - which include local COFINA holder Jose Rodriguez Perello, as well as hedge funds like Cyrus Capital Partners LP and Tilden Park Capital Management - accuse Puerto Rico, Rossello and other officials of angling to repurpose the tax revenue earmarked to pay COFINA debt.
The plaintiffs accuse Puerto Rico of taking their property "without just compensation or due process in violation of rights protected under the United States and Puerto Rico Constitutions."
They cite as evidence a law signed by Rossello on Saturday that would give the government authority to redirect sales tax revenue into Puerto Rico's general fund as part of a debt restructuring.
Puerto Rico "must not be allowed to continue to breach its constitutional and contractual obligations at will," the lawsuit said.
The complaint asks the court to block Rossello from implementing a fiscal turnaround blueprint, approved by the oversight board in March, which has been the bane of island creditors.
The blueprint forecasts that Puerto Rico will have only $800 million a year to pay its debt, less than a quarter of what it owes, auguring big haircuts for all bondholders.
Litigation could spur the oversight board to push Puerto Rico into Title III, created as part of PROMESA. That would protect the island from lawsuits and give it more legal sway to impose the kinds of contractual alterations the COFINA group is accusing it of undertaking illegally out of court.
Many experts and people involved in talks see Title III as an eventual certainty, though timing is uncertain.
Tuesday's lawsuit comes on the heels of a restructuring offer from Rossello's administration on Saturday that would have favored Puerto Rico's general obligation bondholders, whose debt is guaranteed by the island's constitution.
The plan would have seen GO holders recover as much as 77 cents on the dollar, while COFINA holders would have recouped just 58 cents.
Other defendants in the lawsuit include Elias Sanchez, Rossello's liaison to the oversight board; Gerardo Portela, director of Puerto Rico's fiscal agent, known as AAFAF; and AAFAF itself. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Hello Beautiful Staff
Orange Is The New Black‘s Laverne Cox appeared on the show's red carpet last this weekend, celebrating its 5th season. Lavern sported a beige ruffled dress with a thigh high slit, designed by Shari Richi and was styled by Christina Pacelli.
The dress was off the shoulders, ruffled at the top and bottom, with a sheer see through material. The strappy sandals were a perfect match with the dress as Laverne struck a pose at the premiere.
Starring as Sophia on the beloved Netflix series, Laverne kept it simple with accented pops of color for the evening. Straying away from basic black eyeliner, they gave some color with nacy blue eyeliner and pink shadow. Them hair was half up, cascading down in loose waves and their skin had a beautiful summer glow
RED CARPET RUNDOWN: The Stars Step Out For The CFDA Awards 13 photos Launch gallery RED CARPET RUNDOWN: The Stars Step Out For The CFDA Awards 1. Janelle Monáe Source:Getty 1 of 13 2. Janelle Monáe Source:Getty 2 of 13 3. 2017 CFDA Fashion Awards - Arrivals Source:Getty 3 of 13 4. Kerry Washington Source:Getty 4 of 13 5. Lupita Nyong'o Source:Getty 5 of 13 6. Lupita Nyong'o Source:Getty 6 of 13 7. Gabrielle Union & Dwayne Wade Source:Getty 7 of 13 8. Gabrielle Union Source:Getty 8 of 13 9. Dwayne Wade Source:Getty 9 of 13 10. Joan Smalls Source:Getty 10 of 13 11. Joan Smalls Source:Getty 11 of 13 12. 2017 CFDA Fashion Awards - Arrivals Source:Getty 12 of 13 13. Alek Wek Source:Getty 13 of 13 Skip ad Continue reading RED CARPET RUNDOWN: The Stars Step Out For The CFDA Awards RED CARPET RUNDOWN: The Stars Step Out For The CFDA Awards The Council of Fashion Designers of America Awards is one of the biggest nights in fashion and celebrities did not disappoint. From vintage, to the new school, stars gathered in New York City to honor the industry's best and brightest.
What's your take on Laverne's look? Vote HAUTE or NAUGHT below!
Christchurch's Palms Mall has reopened following an incident earlier today.
Shoppers at the mall were evacuated this morning.
The fire service and police were called to the Mall about 10.45am after a sprinkler activation.
Police have confirmed they are not actively seeking anyone in relation to incident and no one has been reported injured.
April 20 Tata Steel Ltd:
* based on review and pursuant to existing shareholders approval, board approved issue of debt securities of up to rs. 9,000 crore
* funds will primarily be deployed towards re-financing existing debt, capex/working capital requirements and general corporate purposes
* rs. 9,000 crore in form either of non-convertible debentures on private placement basis or foreign currency
* board of directors also authorized finance committee of board to determine and approve timing and terms of such issue of securities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Apple has launched its most affordable iPad ever costing less than £270.
The new iPad features a brighter 9.7-inch Retina display and an Apple-designed A9 chip has 64‑bit desktop-class architecture which delivers fast processing and graphics performance for apps and games
It also includes a 1.2 megapixel front facing camera, 8 megapixel FaceTime HD camera, Touch ID fingerprint sensor and 10 hours battery life.
The new iPad comes in silver, gold and space gray and starts at $329 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $459 (US) for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model.
World's most popular tablet
“iPad is the world's most popular tablet,” says Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Customers love the large, 9.7-inch display for everything from watching TV and movies, to surfing the web, making FaceTime calls, and enjoying photos, and now it is even more affordable.”
Philip adds, “New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school, and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip, and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it.”
The iPad is available to order from Friday 24 March 2017.
John Partridge is a perfect fit for pantomime.
They look good, they have a fabulous strong singing voice and – most importantly – they understand panto. The prince, as the handsome hero of the piece, could be a completely straight faced role, but John injects real humour and gives 100% in their joyful interactions with the audience as well as jesting with the wonderful live orchestra for interfering in one of their solos. Their joy is genuine and very infectious.
Last year's panto at Grove Theatre, Dunstable, was my favourite of the entire season, so I had high hopes for this year's offering of Sleeping Beauty.
And I was not disappointed.
If you want a laughter filled evening with your children, secure in the knowledge there will be no embarrassment, then this production from Evolution Pantomimes is a guaranteed great night out.
In recent years some pantos have taken the traditional double entendre too far, but Grove Theatre has always struck the right balance whenever I have been there, and that remains the case this year.
The jokes in the first half are fast and furious and the audience was in fits of laughter, this is a really good panto script – well done to producer and scriptwriter Paul Hendy.
The cast gel beautifully, with each other and the audience, and the costumes are sparkling and fearsome be they glittering wedding outfits or scary ghosts and ghouls.
The lighting is stunning from the get go, with a lovely snow/bubble effect at the start followed by atmospheric green darkening the stage at the entrance of wicked Carabosse (a great performance from Sally Lindsay) – well done to lighting designer Mark Dymock. Such effects really do help to set the scene.
CBeebies star Rebecca Keatley had the audience on side right from the start with their role as Fairy Moonbeam, they spoke directly to the children who clearly adored her, explaining that we were in the land of Hamalot where the princess, Sleeping Beauty (Jemma Carlisle) had just been born and that it was a Fairy Moonbeam's job to ensure no harm came to them
For the first few scenes I did wonder if the audience should join the cast on stage as we were asked to remember so many lines and responses to various different characters I thought it was a good job I had my notebook handy to jot everything down, but the lines soon came naturally and ensured the audience was engaged and involved in the performance throughout.
There were two stands out scenes. The first, between Nurse Nellie (played to utter perfection by Will Kenning, also the director of the show) and lovable Jangles (Ian Jones). This involved the pair using magazine titles to deliver a well written and humorous sketch. I loved it from the start, but it developed deeper personal resonance when they mentioned True Story, a now defunct magazine from the Argus Consumer Press stable, which just happens to have been a stablemate to True Romances, the magazine I was editor of early in my career.
The other stand out scene was in the schoolroom where all the cast were dressed as pupils and Sally Lindsay delivered a magnificent performance as a stroppy teenager. This was also where King Cuthbert (Ieuan Rhys) came into their own, showing off their talent for the Welsh language (the clue is in their name).
The first half culminated with a glorious huge scary dragon breathing smoke onto the audience – excellent work from Mike Coltman of Costume Construction and AC Lasers.
By contrast with the first half, the second was slower to start and much darker because, by now, Sleeping Beauty was slumbering in a castle covered with thorns, and their loved ones were trying to affect their escape, thwarted by wicked Carabosse.
The slapstick scene in the bathroom with Nurse Nellie and Jangles getting soaked didn't really work for me, it seemed a bit flat, but eventually, as in all good pantomimes, the prince found their princess, gave them the kiss that would awake them from their 100 year sleep, and then proposed to them The children in the audience were so engaged with the show they were shouting at the prince to deliver their magical kiss.
But this pantomime definitely reflected its 2017 roots, there were several nods towards the society we now live in, and instead of Prince Charming fighting off Helga the dragon, Sleeping Beauty took their sword, battled Carabosse themselves and then struck the dragon.
And as Nurse Nellie announced they were going to marry the king, their response was, “but you're a bloke in a dress,” and Nellie's prompt reply was, “it's the 21st century and it's an all-inclusive society.”
Well done to all the cast and crew, led by John Partridge's infectious joy in their role as Prince Charming, a really super night out – and a deserved call out to the chorus, such an important element of every show, and especially to the little ones who were step perfect and kept in character throughout.
Sleeping Beauty is at Grove Theatre, Dunstable until Tuesday January 2 with performances at various times, including matinees. Tickets cost from £12.75. Box office 01582 602080 (option 7) or see the website for full details and to book online: www.groveteheatre.co.uk
The finale on press night. Picture by Heather Jan Brunt
I guess McDonald's will have something on the menu for everyone now.
The McRib my not be back just yet but McDonald's has announced a new vegan burger that the company will be testing in Tampere, Finland. The McVegan is “a 100 percent vegetable-based hamburger, where a soybean steak is spread between the familiar rolls” according to the McDonald's Website. The McVegan will be available till November 21st.
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Magician Rodd Hogg will be plunged deep into the freezing waters of the Atlantic Ocean off Northern Ireland's North Coast next month in their most dangerous public stunt yet.
The Coleraine showman's ‘Great Harbour Escape' will see the man they call the ‘Irish Magician' being handcuffed inside a wooden crate and lowered by a crane into the sea at Portrush Harbour.
Rodd Hogg entertaining members of the Northern Ireland football team. INCR 17-707-CON
They will attempt their death-defying escape before the box fills up with water in a stunt similar to those carried out by master illusionist Harry Houdini in the early part of the last century.
“It's definitely my most dangerous stunt yet and the first time it's ever been attempted in Northern Ireland,” Rodd, 37, said.
“I'll be handcuffed and placed in a sealed wooden crate and lowered into the water from a crane. The box will have holes in it to allow it to sink and I'll have about three minutes to free myself from the handcuffs and box itself.”
Rodd is only too aware of the potentially fatal outcome of the daredevil stunt and says they are mentally preparing themselves for any eventuality.
Magician Rodd Hogg (second from left) with Northern Ireland players, from left, Stuart Dallas, Niall McGinn and Michael McGovern. INCR 17-706-CON HOGG
“Anything can happen - I might be surprised by the coldness of the water or just become disorientated and confused when I go under.
“I can only hold my breath for about two-and-a-half minutes so there's the time factor too. One error could prove fatal.
“Although it's a physical challenge it's really all about being mentally prepared.”
Four years ago this June Rodd wowed over 200 onlookers when they escaped from handcuffs after jumping into the water at the Blue Pool in Portrush.
It was the great Hungarian escapologist Harry Houdini who first performed the underwater box escape in New York's East River on July 7, 1912.
They were locked in handcuffs and leg-irons, then nailed into the crate which was roped and weighed down with two hundred pounds of lead. The box was lowered into the water - but still Houdini managed to escape in 57 seconds.
Rodd is grateful to local company CP Hire for allowing them to use one of their mini-cranes for the showpiece stunt which will be compared by former Radio Ulster presenter Alan Simpson on Sunday, May 28.
The dad of three, from Aghadowey, has just returned from performing two gigs in Cape Town, South Africa, arranged through Randalstown man Roy Picking.
Rodd earned their television breakthrough last summer with a superb six-part fly-on-the-wall series on Irish TV and has since performed for a number of showbiz celebrities and the Northern Ireland football team before their recent World Cup qualifying victory over Norway.
“I'm hoping lots of people come along and watch the stunt. It's definitely going to be dramatic and a must-see!”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Market Overview
Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate (APET) is a polyester used for packaging with high impact resistance, superior clarity, lightweight nature, high tensile strength, and recyclability. Among the additives segment, the bottles accounted for major market share in 2016 owing to the packaging of various products such as tea, coffee, mineral water, and carbonated drinks. The chain extenders additive type is highly consumed to enhnace the Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate properties due to the lower system costs, faster reaction, and more flexibility. The extensive use of the product in the food & beverage industry for packaging and storage of beverages is projected to propel the market growth during the forecast period. Moreover, it is used for tablet and capsule packaging, which is projected to fuel the market growth further. The gear housings, seats & engine covers, and wipers for the automotive are manufactured using the product, thereby, the demand for the product is increasing from the automotive sector.
Market Segmentation
The Global Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate Market is segmented on the basis of the Additives, Application, End-Use Industry and Region.
Based on the Additives, the Global Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate Market is segmented into chain extenders, nucleating agents, solid stating accelerators, nucleating agents, impact modifiers, and others.
On the Basis of the Application, the market is segmented into bottles, packaging, gear housings, seats & engine covers, and others.
The market is segmented on the basis of the End-Use Industries namely food and beverage, pharmaceuticals, automotive, textiles, electronics & electrical, and others.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5936
Competitive Analysis
Some of the manufacturers operating in the Global Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate Market are JBF Industries Ltd. (India), Reliance Industries Limited (India), China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (China), Covestro AG (Germany), Jiangsu Sanfangxiang Group Co., Ltd. (China), M&G Chemicals (Italy), Petro Polymer Shargh (Iran), the Quadrant group of companies (Switzerland), LOTTE Chemical CORPORATION (Korea), Polisan Holding (Turkey), TEIJIN LIMITED (Japan), Equipolymers (Germany), Alpek Polyester (U.S.), and others .
Regional Analysis
The Global Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate Market is segmented into five regions: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa.
The Asia Pacific was the largest region in the global market in 2016 owing to the high consumption of the product from the major end-use industries such as automotive, textiles, food & beverage, and others in Japan, India, and China.
The North American market was the second largest region in the global market on account of high penetration of the product in the food & beverage and pharmaceuticals industry coupled with the high disposable income in the U.S. and Canada.
The increasing product demand in Europe can be attributed to the reviving automotive sector and the regulations pertaining to the region for lightweight materials in automotive.
Latin America is expected to substantially grow on the backdrop of the growing automotive and the food & beverage industry in Mexico.
Access Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/amorphous-polyethylene-terephthalate-market-5936
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Sir, – Before I go to confession for voting Yes in the referendum, could the Bishop of Elphin enlighten me as to the actual sin I may have committed? – Yours, etc,
MARTIN CAREY,
Athlone,
Co Westmeath.
Sir, – Let they who is without sin cast the first vote. – Yours, etc,
PATRICIA O'RIORDAN,
Dublin 8.
Sir, – I confess to voting No.
If there are any “buckshee” plenary indulgences lying around, throw my name into the hat. – Yours, etc,
PADRAIG McGABHANN,
Mulranny,
Co Mayo.
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman said they want to drink wine with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in order for the escalating tensions between them and the US to “settle down a bit.”
Rodman, a one-time contestant on “The Celebrity Apprentice,” told The Guardian that they want to travel to the nuclear-armed rogue state and help solve the international conflict.
“If I can go back over there… you'll see me talking to him, and sitting down and having dinner, a glass of wine, laughing and doing my thing,” Rodman told the paper.
“I guess things will settle down a bit and everybody can rest at ease.”
Rodman spoke to the newspaper while in China.  They are hoping to take their sixth trip to the hermit kingdom amid the diplomatic standoff.
“I think a lot of people around the world… want me to go just to see if I can do something,” they said.
The former basketball player added that they know what the despotic leader wants “more than anything.”
“I ain't telling you,” they responded when asked for more information. “I will tell them [President Trump] when I see him.”
The State Department issued a ban on passport holders visiting North Korea after the death of Otto Warmbier in September.
Warmbier was a college student detained in Pyongyang for more than a year. They died shortly after they were returned to US custody.
The plaque of the Deutsche Boerse AG is pictured at the entrance of the Frankfurt stock exchange February 1, 2012. REUTERS/Alex Domanski/File Photo
LONDON U.S. stock exchanges should not attempt to buy Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE), the German exchange whose bid to merge with its London counterpart has just collapsed, a senior German politician said on Thursday.
"Deutsche Boerse is not only a private company but it also has state responsibilities," Thomas Schaefer, finance minister for the German state of Hesse, told reporters.
"The stock exchange authorities of Germany have to guarantee that if there is a change of owner, it has to guarantee that business has to continue uninterrupted as normal and it doesn't matter who makes an offer," Schaefer said.
Asked what their response would be if a U.S. exchange like ICE (ICE.N) stepped in to bid for Deutsche Boerse, Schaefer replied: "I would rather recommend colleagues in America not to attempt to do this."
Hesse regulates the financial center in Frankfurt where Deutsche Boerse is based, and also has a veto over any merger involving the exchange.
The European Commission on Wednesday vetoed a planned tie up between Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange Group (LSE.L), saying it would have reduced competition in fixed income markets.
In 2012, Brussels also vetoed a merger between Deutsche Boerse and NYSE Euronext, the U.S. exchange which ICE later acquired.
The collapse of the latest merger effort has triggered speculation of fresh attempts at consolidation among exchanges, with Singapore Exchanges (SGXL.SI) looking at tie-ups abroad, according to media reports on Thursday.
FRANKFURT TO GROW
Schaefer was in London to visit financial institutions and regulators as Frankfurt hopes to benefit from banks in London having to beef up their continental bases to continue serving clients after Brexit.
"We believe Frankfurt will grow," Schaefer said.
However, they expect that the Brexit "cake" will be divided among several financial centers in the EU.
Insurance market Lloyd's of London [SOLYD.UL] said on Thursday it has chosen Brussels for its European Union subsidiary because of its strong regulatory framework.
Schaefer said they believed banks would make decisions in principle over the next three to six months on where to set up new entities and relocate.
They also met with the European Banking Authority (EBA), which will have to relocate its headquarters from London, and noted that the European Commission has proposed that it is merged with the European Occupational and Pensions Authority, which is based in Frankfurt.
(Editing by Alexander Smith)
Crystal Palace winger Jeffrey Schlupp said the chance of playing under manager Sam Allardyce was key to their switch from Leicester City as they praised the former England manager for their meticulous planning.
Schlupp, a part of Leicester's Premier League title winning squad last season, was the first January transfer window signing made by Allardyce, who took over at Palace in December following their short-lived stint with the national side.
"Everyone was aware of what they achieved before they joined and was a key reason for me coming here," Schlupp told the club website. (www.cpfc.co.uk)
"He sends us out onto the pitch with a game plan that we have been working on in training and our results prove that it is working.
"We do a lot out on the training pitch regarding our shape and they work with us as a defensive group and we have been doing a lot of work on that."
Palace, who are 16th in the league and four points clear of the relegation zone, have an opportunity to go level on points with 13th-placed Southampton when the two sides play later on Wednesday.
Schlupp believes a win at St Mary's would allow their side to make a big statement in the battle for top-flight survival.
"The Premier League is one where anyone can beat anybody else and we know we are not safe until it's done," they added.
"A look at the table shows how tight it is as again this year and if we can go there and get the result it will be a big statement."
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
MIAMI (AP) — James Johnson scored a career-high 31 points, Kelly Olynyk added 30 off the bench and the Miami Heat set a franchise single-game scoring record by beating the Denver Nuggets 149-141 in double overtime Monday night.
Miami's total was also an NBA season-high and helped the Heat get back to the No. 7 spot in the Eastern Conference standings. Houston and Oklahoma City each scored 148 in games earlier this season.
Wayne Ellington scored 29 points for the Heat. Nikola Jokic had 34 for Denver, while Wilson Chandler added 26 for the Nuggets.
“That was as playoffs as it comes right there,” Olynyk said.
#DENvsMIA Final (OT): HEAT 149, Nuggets 141. J. Johnson 31pts (13-17 FG, 4-6 3PT FG) 11rebs 6asts, Olynyk 30pts (11-16 FG) 8rebs 5asts, Ellington 23pts (6 3PT FG), Dragic 20pts 8asts, Richardson 17pts 5rebs, Winslow 11pts. pic.twitter.com/GZnnaWjqAK — Miami HEAT (@MiamiHEAT) March 20, 2018
The NBA's stat system crashed late in the first overtime, and crews were scrambling to determine the final numbers long after the buzzer. All that ultimately mattered was the score — one that moved the Heat closer to a playoff berth and left the Nuggets two games back in the Western Conference race.
Neither team was at full strength. For Miami, Dwyane Wade (left hamstring strain) missed their fourth consecutive game, and Hassan Whiteside (left hip pain) sat out their fifth straight contest. Denver was without leading scorer Gary Harris, sidelined again by a strained right knee that could keep them out several more days.
Denver led 16-5 after 3 1/2 minutes, and that was the only double-digit lead by either side for about the next three hours. It was airtight until the very final moments, almost to an absurd degree.
After one quarter, Denver led by one.
Halftime, Miami led by one.
After three, Miami still by one.
After regulation, tied.
After one overtime, still tied.
Back and forth they went all night, two teams who played a one-point game at Denver back in November — that one not being decided until Dion Waiters' missed jumper as time expired sealed the Nuggets' win — and now are fighting with playoffs in mind. The Heat are essentially playing for a seed; the Nuggets are playing for a berth.
Denver led by six midway through the fourth before Miami used a 10-2 run to reclaim the lead. Nikola Jokic tied it for Denver with 10 seconds left in regulation, Josh Richardson missed for Miami at the end and to overtime they went tied at 118. The Heat thought they merited a trip to the line when Johnson missed at the end of the first overtime, but no whistle came.
So in the second overtime, they seized control and outscored the Nuggets 18-10 in the final five minutes. Wayne Ellington rattled in a 3-pointer to start the second extra session, and the Heat didn't trail again.
TIP-INS
Nuggets: Including the franchise's ABA days, all 28 previous Nuggets teams to finish .500 or better made the playoffs. … Denver fell to 19-5 in games where it scores at least 115 points. The Nuggets are now 17-30 when allowing more than 105.
Heat: It was the highest-scoring first four quarters of an overtime game in Heat history. The previous before-OT high was 115 at Golden State on Dec. 1, 2008. … A pregame moment of silence was held for the six victims of last week's bridge collapse near Florida International University. … The previous scoring record was 141 points, done twice.
NEVER FORGET
The Heat continue paying tributes to the 17 victims of the shooting last month at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High in Parkland, Florida. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra and several players spent their day off Sunday at the Parkland Rec League Basketball Championship, honoring the lives of victims Joaquin Oliver, Luke Hoyer and Alex Schacter by announcing scholarships in their names — as well as a $500,000 donation.
ROAD TRIP
This seven-game trip for the Nuggets is their longest since a seven-gamer in the 2011-12 season. As if a late-season two-week trip wasn't tough enough, Denver's remaining schedule is brutal; after visiting Chicago on Wednesday, the Nuggets will have 10 games left — all against teams currently in the playoff mix.
TOURNEY TIME
There's serious NCAA talk in the Heat locker room, with many players seeing their schools in the Sweet 16. The Heat-backed teams — Kentucky (Bam Adebayo), Duke (Justise Winslow), Nevada (Luke Babbitt), Kansas State (Rodney McGruder), Gonzaga (Kelly Olynyk), Syracuse (Dion Waiters) and Michigan (Derrick Walton Jr.).
UP NEXT
Nuggets: Visit Chicago on Wednesday.
Heat: Host New York on Wednesday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK, April 20 The U.S. bond market's gauges on inflation expectations on Thursday extended their earlier rise following a solid auction of $16 billion worth of five-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS).
The five-year inflation breakeven rate, or the yield difference between five-year TIPS and regular five-year Treasury notes, was last at 1.80 percent. It touched 1.73 percent on Tuesday, which was the lowest since Dec. 20, Tradeweb and Reuters data showed. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chris Reese)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
Pressure is continuing on the Government after a man in their 50s died this week while sleeping rough in Dublin.
They were discovered dead on Ryder's Row off Parnell Street yesterday. It was the first death of a rough sleeper in 2018.
Labour Representative for Dublin Central Joe Costello (pictured) described their death as “sad and tragic”.
They added it was clear that homeless services are failing.
“It's just one month into the new year and we've had our first death on the streets,” they said.
“It really raises the question once again about the number of homeless people sleeping rough, and that homelessness has increased by 100% in the last two years.”
Mr Costello added that the fact the man had been in contact with homeless services up to 2011 begged the question: “What happened then?”
Share it:
Don't Miss
* Graphic: Sterling and gilt yields bit.ly/2dgAXn1
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 20 Sterling rose against a broadly weaker dollar on Thursday with bullish polls for Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservatives adding to expectations June elections may give them a stronger mandate for two years of Brexit talks.
The pound surged almost four full cents to its highest level against the dollar since December on Tuesday after May's surprise calling of an early general election for June 8.
Investors appear to be judging that a stronger mandate for May in parliament would potentially give them more chance of making the major compromises with the European Union necessary to smooth Britain's exit from the bloc and cap any damage to the UK economy.
Sterling was up half a percent at $1.2837 by 0856 GMT, just half a cent off Tuesday's high of $1.2908.
It was flat at 83.84 pence per euro.
"Consolidation will be the order of the day now, because I think there's a realisation that there's both upside and downside risk on the table," said ING currency strategist Viraj Patel.
"The positive case from the general election, potentially minimises the risk of a cliff-edge Brexit." Markets see a hard Brexit as a large negative.
May's Conservatives had 48 percent of the vote in a YouGov poll for The Times on Wednesday night, compared with 24 percent for the opposition Labour Party and hinting at a landslide victory under Britain's first past the post electoral system.
That the pound has not pushed on more strongly since Tuesday, however, relates to the doubts over the Brexit process and other parts of the election fallout.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Wednesday that success for their Scottish National Party in a snap election on June 8 would make it impossible for British Prime Minister Theresa May to stop a new referendum on Scottish independence.
Victory for May will also further weaken any opposition from outside their party to the clean break with Europe they have outlined, likely including Britain's exclusion from the continent's lucrative single market.
May will make a formal pledge ahead of the June 8 election to end European Union free movement of people into Britain, the Daily Mail newspaper reported, citing unidentified party sources.
The EU's foreign policy chief on Thursday said Britain will lose more from the European Union from its decision to leave the bloc, adding that talks with London were expected to be difficult.
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Brighton and Hove Albion 0 Manchester City 2 Chelsea 2 Burnley 3 Crystal Palace 0 Huddersfield Town 3 Everton 1 Stoke City 0 Southampton 0 Swansea City 0 Watford 3 Liverpool 3 West Bromwich Albion 1 Bournemouth 0 Friday, August 11 Arsenal 4 Leicester City 3 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Huddersfield Town 1 1 0 0 3 0 3 2 Manchester City 1 1 0 0 2 0 3 3 Arsenal 1 1 0 0 4 3 3 4 Burnley 1 1 0 0 3 2 3 ------------------------- 5 Everton 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 5 West Bromwich Albion 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 ------------------------- 7 Liverpool 1 0 1 0 3 3 1 7 Watford 1 0 1 0 3 3 1 ------------------------- 9 Southampton 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 9 Swansea City 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 Manchester United 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Newcastle United 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Tottenham Hotspur 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 West Ham United 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 15 Leicester City 1 0 0 1 3 4 0 16 Chelsea 1 0 0 1 2 3 0 17 Bournemouth 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 17 Stoke City 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 ------------------------- 19 Brighton and Hove Albion 1 0 0 1 0 2 0 20 Crystal Palace 1 0 0 1 0 3 0 1-4: Champions League / EC I 5-6: Europa League 7-8: Europa League depending on domestic cup 19-20: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Newcastle United v Tottenham Hotspur (1230) Manchester United v West Ham United (1500)
April 6 British And Malayan Trustees Ltd
* Proposed corporate restructing of co by way of scheme arrangement
* Proposed new holding co, British Malayan, will be interposed between co and shareholders through acquisition by NewCo all shares in co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ZURICH, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.1 percent lower at 9,278 points on Friday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Nestle has been accused of violating ethical marketing codes and manipulating customers with misleading nutritional claims about its baby milk formulas, The Guardian newspaper reported.
* SGS said it has bought TraitGenetics GmbH, a company working in the development and analysis of molecular markers for plant breeding research.
* Implenia said it had a good operating performance for the second half of 2017 and will pay a dividend comparable to the previous year. The construction company will post its results on March 1.
* BFW Liegenschaften said it achieved a net profit of 15.9 million Swiss francs ($17.16 million)during 2017, according to its preliminary results.
* Investis said it has completed the previously announced takeover of Société d‘investissements immobiliers SII SA, a Geneva-based property company, with a portfolio of ten residential properties in Geneva. The acquisition price is 108 million Swiss francs.
* Belimo Holding said it will nominate Sandra Emme to its board of directors, while Markus Schuerch will take over as Chief Financial Officer from January 1, 2019.
* Tamedia said it was offering 35.5 Swiss francs for each registered share of Goldbach Group in its previously announced offer for the media company. The offer period will begin on Feb. 19 and run until March 20.
ECONOMY ($1 = 0.9268 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
March 29 Neowiz Games Corporation :
* Says it will sell 10,000 shares of common stock from March 29 to March 30
* Says offering price is 10,000 won/share, 100 million won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/3WWmTf
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Media Briefing today at the San Francisco Veteran's Building will give media an outline of the festival that opens with Danny Glover's Nollywood film, "93 Days," Thursday & a sneak preview today of French Film, "Mariannes Noires."
Actor & Humanitarian Danny Glover Opens SFBFF XIX June 15, 2017 in San Francisco
Contact
San Francisco Black Film Festival
***@wrightnow.biz San Francisco Black Film Festival
End
--Who: Kali Ray, Co-Director San Francisco Black Film Festival, Katera Crossley, Co-Director;Robin Bates Founder and Executive Director and Constance Bryan, Assistant Director of Maison Noire Américaine;Writer/Director of "Mariannes Noires," Mame-Fatou Niang; Eddie Ramirez, Founder and Executive Director of San Francisco Veterans Film Festival and OneVet One Voice representing the Cesar Chavez American Legion Post 505; and invited guests.What: Media Briefing for the San Francisco Black Film Festival outlining films and filmmakers and the distribution of media credentials;VIP Reception & Film screening with sneak preview of "Mariannes Noires" by Writer/Director Mame-Fatou Niang who examines the issue of racial identity of Black Women in France.Where: San Francisco Veterans Building, 401 Van Ness Avenue,San Francisco, CA, 2Floor, Room 210When: Wednesday, June 14, 2016, 5:30 p.m.-6:00 Media Briefing: Open to All Media.6:00 p.m. -9:00 VIP Reception & Film Screening: Open to Media with reservations and invited guests.Subject line: VIP Reception.Why: The San Francisco Black Film Festival, founded by the lateSan Francisco Arts Impresario, Ave Montague, is a growing brand that increasingly gives a platform for emerging multicultural filmmakers and established Hollywood filmmakers to display work reflecting the African Diaspora and to interact with each other as the festival stimulates tourism. SFBFF goes beyond entertainment. The evolving brand as it increases tourism will ultimately become an economic engine for workforce development to train and employ youth and transitioning workforce adults. Visit www.sfbff.org for more details.Venues to date for San Francisco Black Film Festival XIX:The Former Yoshi's @The Fillmore Heritage Center, The African American Arts and Cultural Complex, DeYoung Museum, SPUR, The Marines' Memorial Club and Hotel, and The San Francisco Veterans Building. "Healing the World One Film at a Time," The San Francisco Black Film Festival different venues give its audiences a "Tour of San Francisco."Sponsors to date are California Arts Council; San Francisco Arts Commission; Comcast; PG&E; Film Bread; Rainbow Grocery; Comerica Bank; DeYoung Museum; SPUR; African American Arts and Culture Center; Marines' Memorial Association;P. Harrell Wines; Fillmore Jazz Festival; Westin St. Francis Hotel; The San Francisco Chapter of the National Coalition of 100 Black Women; Dolby Laboratories;National Coalition of Black Veteran Organizations;Cesar Chavez American Legion Post 505; The San Francisco Veterans Film Festival; Maison Noire Américaine;The San Francisco Bay View Newspaper; Block Report Radio; KPOO Radio; LaHitz Media; The Village Project; Shelly Tatum Presents; Ink Tip; San Francisco Juneteenth; Jackson Street Productions;and Wright Enterprises.Special Thanks to Comcast for Commercials Open For All Media Use:-30-Editors & Reporters: RSVP to jackiewright@wrightnow.biz by 4:00 p.m. today, if you will attend the VIP Reception and Film Screening following the briefing. Pre- and post-interviews are available with all participants. There are evergreen story possibilities beyond the events of the festival."An Intimate Night with Danny Glover" Opens the Festival and Screening of "93 Days" at the Former Yoshi's Jazz Club at the Fillmore Heritage Center, 1330 Fillmore Street in San Francisco.Related Article:Congratulations Warriors! You Told the Cavs "Not Today!" Now Take Your Seat with Danny Glover@San Francisco Black Film Festival XIXhttp://www.wrightnow.biz/apps/articles/web/articleid/82745/columnid//default.aspSan Francisco Black Film Festival XIX Will Continue Memorial Day Tribute with a veteran and Father's Day Salute, June 18.http://www.wrightnow.biz/apps/articles/default.asp?articleid=82723&columnid=2898
ZURICH, April 5 Galenica priced the initial public offering of its Sante unit at 39 Swiss francs per share, the top end its range, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.
Galenica was not immediately available for comment.
The Swiss drugmaker is splitting into a specialty drugs business, Vifor Pharma, which makes iron replacements as well as therapy for excessive potassium levels, and its Sante unit that runs hundreds of Amavita and Sun Store pharmacy outlets and a logistics business in Switzerland. (Reporting by Oliver Hirt and Paul Arnold; Writing by Joshua Franklin; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
RUDE: Boss-to-be's response to teen after they declined job offer. Facebook
A SHOCKED mother has been left dumbfounded after a business owner sent their daughter a harsh and degrading text message.
Peta Burrows spent last Wednesday driving their 16-year-old daughter Brianne around town in the hopes of finding them a part-time job.
They told the NewsMail Brianne was all smiles when they returned to the car after handing in their resume to a local business owner.
"(The business owner) sat them down and gave them the job right then and there," Mrs Burrows said.
"She was obviously over the moon that she'd gotten the job, especially as it was the first place they handed their resume in to.
"She texted a couple of their friends to tell them because they were so excited, and that's when all the messages started flooding in, telling them not to work at (that business)."
Mrs Burrows said after hearing from a number of people that their daughter would be better off not taking the job, they and Brianne decided to decline the offer.
"But they forgot to send it and ended up only telling them really late the night before," they said.
"Fair enough, they left it too late, we both know and acknowledge that, and they did apologise for that, but when we got their reply message I was shocked."
In their response to Brianne, the business owner made a slur at the young teenager and called them out for messaging them so late at night. It read: "You little b--tch messaging me at this hour you and family are nothing and hope you find nothing.
Mrs Burrows said they were left speechless by the rude text.
"My husband wanted to go down there but I didn't want them to go," they said.
"I was just horrified because you wouldn't expect someone could speak to a young girl like that.
"After they screenshotted it and showed it to me we had a chat about it, but I honestly didn't even know what to say to them
"For a young girl starting out, that's just a horrible message to get."
Despite the inappropriate message, Brianne has continued their job-hunt.
"Although I'm a bit wary now, we can't let this stop us," Mrs Burrows said.
"She's going to get back out there and keep looking. She's fine with all this now. They were shocked and they didn't know what to do, but she's let it go.
"It's their problem to be mean, not ours." The mother of seven said she'd received several messages saying she'd "dodged a bullet".
The business owner told the NewsMail they apologised for the message and said that "at that late time of night, I have all the utmost apologies for the way I reacted because I do 12-hour days".
SYDNEY: Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce's political future was in doubt Monday after it emerged they were a dual citizen, placing the conservative government's slim parliamentary majority at risk.
Australia does not allow dual citizens to sit in parliament, with New Zealand confirming later Monday its citizenship was automatically granted to Joyce via their father.
The revelation has major implications for Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal-National coalition government, which won national elections last year with 76 seats in the House of Representatives—a narrow one-seat majority.
Joyce has refused to step aside, instead referring the case to the High Court, saying that the solicitor-general was confident they would not be disqualified.
The obscure rule was little known until recently but several lawmakers have fallen victim to it in recent months, leaving parliamentarians scrambling to clarify their ancestral ties.
“Needless to say, I was shocked to receive this information,” Joyce told parliament after hearing they may be a dual citizen.
“I've always been an Australian citizen born in [regional city]Tamworth. Neither me nor my parents had any reason to believe that I may be a citizen of any other country.”
The dual citizenship crisis kicked off in July when the minor Greens party's co-deputy leader Scott Ludlam resigned after revealing they had dual Australian-New Zealand citizenship.
The crisis soon claimed other victims, including Canadian-born Greens senator Larissa Waters and Resources Minister Matt Canavan, who left cabinet after finding their mother signed them up to Italian citizenship in their 20s.
Joyce said Monday they had been contacted by the New Zealand High Commission last week to advise them that they “could be a citizen of New Zealand by descent”.
While Joyce—the leader of the Nationals party—was born in Australia, they told parliament their father was born in neighboring New Zealand and moved to Australia in 1947.
‘Joyce a New Zealander'
A spokesperson for New Zealand Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne that there was no doubt about Joyce's status, telling Agence France-Presse that “as far as New Zealand law goes, they are a New Zealand citizen under the Citizenship Act.”
“Mr. Joyce was born to a New Zealand citizen father and even though [the father]migrated to Australia in the 1940s that citizenship remained and they passed on the right of citizenship …to their children.”
They said citizenship was automatically granted and did not need an application.
Turnbull on Monday wrote to Labor opposition leader Bill Shorten to ask if their party wanted to refer any MPs over their citizenship status to the High Court so all the cases could be considered as a bloc, The Australian newspaper reported.
Canavan and minor party One Nation's Indian-born Malcolm Roberts have already had their elections referred to the court, which will decide if they had taken reasonable steps to renounce their foreign allegiances.
Almost half of Australia's 24-million population was born overseas or have at least one parent born overseas, according to last year's census.
Indigenous people account for about three percent of the population.
AFP
The logo of McDonald's (MCD) is seen in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
LOS ANGELES The Service Employees International Union, backer of a five-year campaign to improve pay and job conditions for fast-food workers, on Tuesday asked Illinois and California officials to investigate how McDonald's Corp calculates restaurant rents, which generate about one-fourth of its revenue.
The union behind the "Fight for $15," campaign alleges that McDonald's does not accurately or specifically disclose the formula used to set rents and that it charges far more than landlords of other fast-food chains. That makes it difficult for the company's 2,500 U.S. franchisees to raise hourly wages for restaurant crews, it said.
"McDonald's sky-high rents leave franchisees financially squeezed, making it difficult to impossible for many of them to pay workers anything more than minimum wage," said Scott Courtney, executive vice president of the SEIU, in a statement announcing the requests to the Illinois attorney general's office and the California Department of Business Oversight.
"We are confident in the legality and appropriateness of our financial relations with our franchisees and our disclosures of those relationships," McDonald's said in a statement. "Our business model helps our franchisees secure prime real estate locations and reflects a significant level of company investment in the restaurant premises."
California's Department of Business Oversight said in an email that it "takes these allegations seriously and is reviewing the matter. Until that review is complete, the DBO must decline further comment."
A spokesperson for the Illinois attorney general's office said it received the request and is reviewing it.
McDonald's, unlike many other restaurant chains, either owns or holds long-term leases on its restaurant sites. It then leases or sublets properties to franchisees.
The fast-food company last year collected over $6.1 billion in rent from its more than 31,000 franchised restaurants, according to regulatory filings.
"This issue is always bubbling," said John Gordon, founder of Pacific Management Consulting Group.
SEIU's move comes a week after McDonald's Chief Executive Steve Easterbrook told investors that franchisees were overwhelmingly positive about the company's now two-year-old turnaround plan, which depends in part on convincing restaurant operators that growth is strong enough to justify pricey property renovations.
Easterbrook in March told analysts that McDonald's franchisees continue to generate cash flow growth at or near all-time highs in many of its markets worldwide.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; editing by Dan Grebler, G Crosse)
Chia seeds are a source of enormous energy and endurance. They are primarily grown in Mexico, Guatemala, Australia and Argentina for commercial consumption. Asia- Pacific is chia seed's industry target market which is expected to grow immensely in foreseeable future. Seed Industry Analysis Research Reports Chia seeds have been excessively used these days in breads, oatmeal, puddings and many more items that are sold in hypermarket due to its nutritional value such as omega-3 fatty acid, proteins and fibres. According to global chia seeds market, black chia seed market generates higher revenue than white chia seeds due to presence of high anti-oxidant.
Benefits: No Regrets Just Vigor Health
Chia seeds have many crucial nutrients and eating it regularly can ameliorate functioning of the body. For Instance:
• Skin and Aging: Chia seeds are one of the high anti-oxidant foods that help to prevent premature aging caused due to inflammation and works rapidly on skin repair system.
• Digestive Health: Chia seeds naturally balance blood sugar due to its healthy fats and high fibre content. It absorbs considerable amount of water which immediately start working on stomach and therefore helps in bowel regularity, healthy stool, curbs hunger and decrease appetite which in turn leads to weight loss. Chia seeds are suggested by most gym trainers for naturally reducing weight and healthy body.
• Heart Health: Chia seeds are extremely beneficial for heart health as they regulate cholesterol, lower blood pressure, reverse inflammation and oxidative stress and most importantly develop atherosclerosis if consumed daily. This extraordinary natural attribute keeps consumer's heart healthy.
• Treat diabetes: Diabetes is one of the most widespread diseases in today's world and chia seeds have come to rescue as they prevent human body from the factor responsible for development of disease that is dyslipidemia (excessive fat in blood) and insulin resistance.
• Boost energy and metabolism: Visceral adipose (“Belly Fat”) tissue affects metabolism and is a factor responsible for obesity which Chia seeds reduce if eaten regularly and therefore boost energy.
• Fight Breast and Cervical Cancer: Breast and cervical cancer is most detected in women these days and has very rare chances of being cured properly even after tons of treatment and medication whereas chia seeds which is rich in omega-3 fatty acid naturally kills cancer causing cells from the body without harming the healthy ones.
Amongst the entire developed nation Seed Industry Analysis states that Europe is expected to show significant and prosperous growth in chia seeds global market. In terms of segmentation on the basis of usage, Food and beverage holds a prominent revenue share as it is used for the preparation of cereals, protein bars, snacks, bakery and other products. Leading players of the market such as Glanbia Nutritionals, Mamma Chia, Nutiva Inc, and spectrum organic products are increasing their investment in chia seeds to expand their market and sell diversified product through business strategies. One of the market leader Benexia opened research centre in Europe to advise customer about the proper usage of chia seeds in its various application. Growing trend of healthy lifestyle and diet has made huge contribution towards increasing demand of chia seeds globally and its diversified application. Therefore Chai seed global industry has potential to be termed as highest revenue earning seeds industry.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/agriculture-and-animal-care/seed/SC-104-20.html
Related Reports:
https://www.kenresearch.com/agriculture-and-animal-care/seed/germany-seed-market-research-report/142314-104.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Netanyahu questioned by police in corruption inquiry
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Leading up to Arizona State football's 2018 spring practices, DevilsDigest.com takes an in-depth look at each of the Sun Devils positions heading into spring ball. Today, we look at ASU's playmakers in the backfield. PROJECTED SPRING DEPTH CHART (Starter -- backup) QB: Manny Wilkins – Blake Barnett RB: Eno Benjamin – Trelon Smith WHAT'S NEW Not too much, which is a good thing for fifth-year senior quarterback Manny Wilkins. In their first four years on campus, Wilkins went through offensive schemes like pairs of shoes, having to break in a new system each spring. While last year's offensive coordinator, Billy Napier, has moved on, former receiver coach Rob Likens' promotion to OC has meant only minor tweaks for the Sun Devils offense. The biggest change Likens wants to see: a renewed commitment to running the football. “Playing basketball on grass, just dinking and dunking with 10 personnel (1 tailback and 0 tight ends), I don't think that you can get dudes tired,” Likens told DevilsDigest.com. “I like physically imposing your will on the other team. I think the only way you do that is running the football.” That's good news for both the QBs and RBs after the Sun Devils, who failed to gain 120 yards on the ground in five games last season. “You have to run the football and I love the effects of running the football on the other team,” Likens said, pounding one fist into the palm of their other hand. “I have a philosophy that I talk to the kids about that when you put plays up on the board, you always put X's up there for defense. Those aren't X's, those are human beings and there is a human element to the game of football. Those guys bruise, they bleed and they get tired.” It means running backs coach John Simon – another holdover from last year's staff – will have work to do with their young group of tailbacks, beginning with sophomore Eno Benjamin. “It's a young group, but a very talented group,” Simon said. “We knew that we were going to be in this position, this is not shocking where we are with the group. We had an emphasis to prepare those guys for this moment.”
Blake Barnett has improved physically in the off-season, looking to challenge for a starting job
Meanwhile, Likens will also take over as QB coach this season. Their first task with the signal callers has been an emphasis on footwork, something the coaching staff they were a part of at Cal did with Jared Goff when they were in college. “Quickening their feet, quickening their readiness to throw different routes,” Likens said on Thursday after ASU's second practice of the spring. Likens also wants their QBs to start operating more efficiently through the air. “Learning that by coverage you can cheat a drop, you can eliminate throws and single it up to one to two reads and then quick the whole decision-making process,” Likens said.
Dillon Sterling-Cole coming off a redshirt year will need to show their development progress to climb up the depth chart
PERSONNEL CHANGES At quarterback, the only change from last year's roster is the departure of dual-threat passer Brady White, who transferred to Memphis to reconnect with former ASU offensive coordinator Mike Norvell after missing all of 2017 with the same foot injury that abruptly ended their 2016 campaign. In the backfield, however, the Sun Devils are facing a complete make-over after the graduations of Demario Richard and Kalen Ballage. “Just looking back on what those kids brought to the table, you're talking about consistency, you're talking about hard work, you're talking about discipline, you're talking about on the field and off the field, character issues, we didn't have to worry about those kids,” Simon said. Eno Benjamin and Trelon Smith have been bumped up to become ASU's new No. 1 and No. 2 ball-carriers for the spring before the Sun Devils welcome four (potentially five) freshmen running backs to campus in the fall. “We knew there was definitely a need that we had to address in recruiting, and that's why we went out and we got some size and we wanted to target kids that we felt were physically ready to play right away,” Simon said. “We couldn't go out and sign any projects that physically weren't ready.” In the meantime, Benjamin and Smith will begin adjusting to the rigors of playing in the two-deep. Simon isn't concerned about the transition. “Those guys got a lot of practice reps with the 1's, with the 2's, so that they would be prepared for this moment, and I think you'll see a smooth transition from those two guys this spring,” they said. Another missing member from ASU's stable of running backs is redshirt-junior Nick Ralston, who has moved to middle linebacker during the first week of spring practice. They would have been ASU's longest-serving tailback had they stayed on offense.
RB Eno Benjamin showed plenty of flashes last year, will now be asked to be the focal point of ASU's ground attack
THINGS TO WATCH FOR THIS SPRING 1) HOW WILL ENO BENJAMIN BE USED: Despite being a former 4-star recruit, Benjamin can't do all the things that Demario Richard could do as starting running back last season. At 5-foot-10 and 200 pounds, the sophomore lacks Richard's brute size, making it unlikely they will be able to pound up the middle the way Richard did. What Benjamin does have is terrific speed and awareness, according to Simon. It is a versatile skill set that will give Likens an array of ways to use him: in the passing game, on the edge, with screens, etc. This spring will serve as an early indication as to how ASU will utilize Benjamin's talents. 2) WHAT NEXT FOR BLAKE BARNETT: When the former 5-star recruit arrived on campus after transferring from Alabama last offseason, the thinking was that Barnett would have a good chance to top Wilkins atop the QB depth chart. Fast-forward a year and Barnett enters spring still trying to overtake Wilkins as the starter. Just a redshirt junior, Barnett would theoretically have an excellent shot at the starting spot under center in 2019 but needs to prove themselves this spring as a legitimate threat to possibly unseat Wilkins' and gain the confidence of their new head coach for the future. 3) CAN MANNY WILKINS TAKE ANOTHER STEP: In 2016, Manny Wilkins struggled quite a bit as a starting quarterback. Though battling injuries and inexperience, Wilkins threw too many incompletions and interceptions as ASU stumbled to a 5-7 record then. Last season, everything changed. Under Billy Napier's guidance, Wilkins transformed themselves into a reliable passer and finished the year with just eight picks, the fifth-fewest in the Pac-12 (min. 200 passing attempts). Their next-step: As one of the best returning signal callers in the league, becoming one of the Pac-12's elite quarterbacks. Maybe playing in a familiar offense for the first time in their career will help, or just another added year of experience will pay off. There are still some technique issues that can be straightened out too – their ability to connect on deep balls would come and go in 2017 – but they are in position to find another level of play after their 3,720-yard, 20-touchdown junior season. SPRING BALL ROSTER AND PROJECTED ROLES STARTERS Manny Wilkins (6-3, 200, Redshirt-Senior): For the first time since 2015, ASU will have a senior quarterback. Not since Taylor Kelly, who graduated in 2014, have the Sun Devils had the same starting QB for three straight years. Experience can make the difference in the pocket and a continuation of last year's offense might have Wilkins set up to take another step forward this spring. Eno Benjamin (5-10, 200, Sophomore): Not until late last season did Benjamin begin to make an impact, after the then-first-year student battled injuries early in the campaign. They finished 2017 with 142 yards, a touchdown and averaged over six yards per carry. Their next step is readying themselves this spring to handle the workload of a starting tailback. BACKUP QUARTERBACKS (In order of class) Blake Barnett (6-5, 201, R-Junior): Last year did not go as expected for the Alabama transfer. Barnett saw only mop up duty for the Sun Devils and had more pick-sixes (one) than touchdowns (zero). Likens said they are working on Barnett's footwork, but the former 5-star recruit will have to improve upon much more to become an effective passer again. Dillon Sterling-Cole (6-3, 213, Junior): Sterling-Cole was only a spectator last season and figures to be the third-string again this season. The former 4-star prospect looked sharper during fall camp last season and could use this spring as another chance to improve. Ryan Kelley (6-4, 190, R-Freshman): Kelley is still a way's from being college-ready, and they have some health issues to contend with as well. Spring may not offer much of an indication of how far the local product has come in their first year on campus. Kevin Brown (6-4, 207, R-Freshman): Brown took snaps as the fourth-string QB during ASU's slate of bowl practices last December and is another long-term project for the Sun Devils.
RB Trelon Smith needs a very strong spring before a crop of young talented running backs in the summer to challenge their no. 2 role
It's good news that a $10 million "Sorted Schools" programme to teach kids about money will be introduced in some New Zealand schools. However, that's no reason to relax. When it comes to improving our country's poor financial literacy levels, the responsibility remains first and foremost on parents.
It's never too early to teach kids the value of money, particularly when experts say people have formed their future money habits by the age of 7. So giving kids the tools while they're growing up will help them to manage their finances in adulthood and potentially save them from unsustainable debt later in life.
In fact, pocket money for kids could be their gateway to greater financial freedom and more Kiwi families need to re-instigate the age-old practice
Overseeing a meaningful pocket money arrangement from the outset is key. The main thing to avoid is giving pocket money as a fixed entitlement with absolutely no strings attached. Kids need to know why they are getting it and have plenty of opportunity to maximise it.
Advertisement
For our children, we devised a system that paid them a bonus if they finished a particular job within deadline. An incentive to earn more than the usual flat fee will spark a lot of kids into action. Likewise, a roster on the fridge outlining household chores can be a central focus but it's important not to turn it into boot camp.
You've got to make sure your kids enjoy the journey and feel an important and valued part of the household along the way. What's more parents should encourage kids to be creative, innovative and entrepreneurial in the process.
The kids can sell fruit to the neighbours and friends and if you don't have a fruit tree, the kids can plant one and reap the rewards. The learning process is important. Likewise, kids can make or find things to sell on the likes of Facebook or Trademe.
For very young children it's often about having a small purse or piggy bank with shiny coins in it. If they want a toy, then that's your opportunity to begin making the connection between money and what it can buy. At the same time, you can teach them that coins are valuable and need to be kept in a safe place.
Whereas for older children, you can introduce concepts such as hourly rates where they can negotiate a bit with you. Parents should also take the time to show them how online banking works, and what interest rate their savings will earn.
As kids get older they love apps so find them a savings one that makes it interesting and fun such as Pocketsmith or Rooster Money. Help them set some goals so they can work out the amount they need to save every week to get there.
While having kids save some of their pocket money is an important part of the equation, so too is spending, as is giving to charity.
Weekly instalments of pocket money may work well for younger kids. However, as they get older, the next important lesson is how to budget. That's when it's a good idea to stretch out the pocket money payday to once a fortnight. For older teens, you might even want to go to a monthly allowance which will really test their budgeting skills.
When it comes to money, delayed gratification is something our grandparents knew a lot about, whereas instant gratification is what millennials are often more associated with. The reality is every generation lives in a somewhat different world and we can learn from the positives of each.
Regardless of different generational expectations and practices some things never change.
When it comes to money skills the greatest lesson we can give our kids is to reinforce that in life nothing is for free. Money comes from hard work and being careful – not just out of a wall!
If people don't learn about the value of money and its basic management when they're young, they'll be a lot more susceptible to the likes of crippling credit debt and car loans.
And as they get older the numbers just keep getting bigger and bigger. This is of course not helped by all the easy credit that's available, together with all the expectation, pressure and choice young people face today.
Again, well done to the Commission for Financial Capability on its "Sorted Schools" financial literacy programme. However, the role of parents in teaching children good money skills is arguably more important now than ever before.
• Michael Cave is an authorised financial adviser and managing director of Cave Financial.
April 6 CarMax Inc
* Says lower used car sales prices beneficial for sales, as cars will be more affordable for customers
* Says making credit decisions with knowledge that loan recoveries can fall within a range in the future Further company coverage:
LONDON, March 29 British businesses have endured a roller coaster ride since the vote to leave the European Union, with some ramping up their investment in the country and others pulling market flotations and ditching takeover deals.
Britain avoided a full collapse in mergers and acquisitions when some foreign companies took advantage of sterling's sudden devaluation to snap up British names such as tech company ARM and pay-TV group Sky.
Other multi-national firms from Amazon to Nissan and top tech groups Google and Facebook have also increased their presence in Britain, while Qatar has vowed to invest 5 billion pounds.
But in total, inbound British corporate takeover deals are down 58 percent since the start of the year, according to Thomson Reuters data, adding to the 48 percent drop recorded in the six months after the June vote.
Demand for initial public offerings has also dropped, with the volumes raised so far in 2017 down 28 percent on last year, while business investment fell 0.9 percent year on year in the final quarter of 2016.
In terms of British government bonds, overseas investors such as central banks and sovereign wealth funds bought record amounts of gilts in the three months to the end of November, but there has since been a partial sell off.
Below are the major corporate announcements since Britain voted to leave the European Union on June 23 last year.
MAJOR BRITISH M&A DEALS
July 18 - Japan's SoftBank agrees a deal to buy Britain's most valuable technology company ARM for $32 billion in cash after winning the backing of Prime Minister Theresa May who said it showed that the country was open for business after Brexit.
Dec 15 - Rupert Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox strikes a $14.6 billion deal to take control of European pay-TV firm Sky, pouncing after the Brexit vote sparked a plunge in the pound. The deal is still being examined by regulators.
Jan 27 - Britain's biggest retailer Tesco agrees a surprise $4.6 billion takeover of food supplier Booker to increase its exposure to a faster growing sector.
Feb 17 - Kraft Heinz Co launches an audacious $143 billion bid for Unilever, but abandons the plan just two days later, with sources saying it had been taken aback by the vehemence of the response and fears of a political backlash.
Feb 27 - The London Stock Exchange all but ends a 29 billion euro planned merger with Deutsche Boerse to create Europe's biggest exchange after facing growing opposition since the Brexit vote. The deal was vetoed by EU antitrust regulators on Wednesday.
March 6 - Standard Life reaches agreement to buy Aberdeen Asset Management in a $13.5 billion merger that could generate deep cost cuts.
MAJOR INVESTMENT ANNOUNCEMENTS
July 27 - GlaxoSmithKline plans $361 million of new investments at three drugs manufacturing sites in Britain.
Sept 28 - Tech giant Apple announces plan to move its London headquarters to the landmark Battersea Power Station, occupying around 11.5 acres across six floors.
Oct 27 - Japanese carmaker Nissan agrees to build two new models in Britain after what a source said was a government promise of extra support to counter any loss of competitiveness caused by Britain leaving the EU. Nissan has not fully detailed how much it will spend on the new models.
Nov 15 - Google announces plans for a new flagship building in London that will have room to house 3,000 extra engineers.
Nov 21 - Facebook said it would expand its presence in Britain by 50 percent in 2017, hiring 500 new staff to add to the 1,000 people it already employs in the country.
Dec 8 - McDonald's Corp said it would move its international tax base to Britain from Luxembourg, creating a new international holding company that will receive the majority of royalties from licensing deals outside the U.S.
Jan 10 - Messaging app Snapchat said it would make London the home of its international operations, booking sales in countries where it has no local entity in Britain rather than routing them through lower tax jurisdictions as some other U.S. tech companies do.
Jan 30 - Novo Nordisk, the world's top maker of diabetes drugs, is investing 115 million pounds over 10 years in a new research centre in Britain, and will employ 100 scientists hunting for new ways to treat type 2 diabetes.
Feb 20 - Online retailer Amazon says it plans to create more than 5,000 jobs in Britain in 2017, taking the number of jobs it has announced in the country since the Brexit vote to 6,000.
March 6 - France's Peugeot acquires two Vauxhall plants in Britain as part of its deal to buy the European business of General Motors. It has said it will honour existing job commitments but unions have raised concerns about the long-term future of the plants.
March 16 - Japanese carmaker Toyota said it plans to invest 240 million pounds to upgrade its car plant in central England for future output, but warned that retaining tariff-free access to EU markets after Brexit remained crucial.
March 24 - South Africa's Brait SE, which has majority stakes in clothing retailer New Look, grocer Iceland Foods and gym chain Virgin Active, suspends plans to list on the London Stock Exchange due to the uncertainty around Brexit.
March 27 - Qatar, which has invested 40 billion pounds in Britain to buy such high-profile London landmarks as the Shard skyscraper and Harrods department store, pledges to invest another 5 billion pounds over the next five years. (Additional reporting by Costas Pitas and David Milliken; editing by Anna Willard)
Tim Urban (Cofounder, Wait But Why) knows that procrastination doesn't make sense, but he's never been able to shake their habit of waiting until the last minute to get things done. In this hilarious and insightful talk, Urban takes us on a journey through YouTube binges, Wikipedia rabbit holes and bouts of staring out the window — and encourages us to think harder about what we're really procrastinating on, before we run out of time.
For more from Tim Urban, visit Wait But Why: http://www.waitbutwhy.com/
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
The former 49ers quarterback received the honor from Amnesty International, who determined their protests highlighting racial disparities warranted them the award.
Former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has been given this year's Amnesty International Ambassador of Conscience Award for their commitment to highlight racial disparities in America.
In receiving the honor, Kaepernick decried the continued racism that exists in the United States.
"Racialized oppression and dehumanization is woven into the very fabric of our nation — the effects of which can be seen in the lawful lynching of black and brown people by the police, and the mass incarceration of black and brown lives in the prison industrial complex," they said.
Kaepernick began a silent protest by sitting, and eventually kneeling, during the singing of the national anthem at NFL games in the preseason of 2016. They explained that, while they have “great respect for the men and women that have fought for this country,” they were going to continue their protest to promote their cause.
“This is because I'm seeing things happen to people that don't have a voice, people that don't have a platform to talk and have their voices heard, and effect change,” they said in 2016. “So I'm in the position where I can do that and I'm going to do that for people that can't.”
Kaepernick was eventually released by the 49ers in the spring of 2017. They were a free agent for the remainder of the year, refusing to stand still in public appearances and encouraging other players in the NFL to do the same.
Many did, to the disgust of President Donald Trump. The president's comments, in fact, drew more attention to the protest, even earning Trump the ire of many NFL players who weren't taking part in it.
“Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, ‘Get that son of a b***h off the field right now...He is fired,” Trump said in September last year.
Amnesty International took notice of Kaepernick's persistence in their protest, as well as their success in highlighting racial disparities, specifically in police treatment of people of color. In a statement commending the former NFL quarterback, the organization wrote, “Just like the Ambassadors of Conscience before him, Colin Kaepernick chooses to speak out and inspire others despite the professional and personal risks.”
They confronted racial injustice.
They refused to compromise.
They inspired others.
Athlete and activist Colin Kaepernick (@Kaepernick7) is our Ambassador of #Conscience 2018. pic.twitter.com/b0XULdEhQ0 — AmnestyInternational (@amnesty) April 21, 2018
Past recipients of the award, which began in 2003, include rock and roll group U2, activist Malala Yousafzai, and the late South Africa President Nelson Mandela.
Kaepernick is deserving of this honor. They made their stand by kneeling, urging others to understand that they were doing so to spark a conversation on racial inequality. They lost their job in the process, and has had a hard time finding a new team to play for because of it.
Where others might have given up, recognizing that they were in the prime of their athletic lives and running out of time professionally to make an impact on their sport, Kaepernick stood firm and held true to their beliefs. Even those who do not support their cause must admit that takes a lot of guts.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce is set for crunch talks with senior officials over their Aston Villa future in the next 24 hours.
Owner Tony Xia has told their assistant Rongtian They to fly over to Portugal and speak with the manager who is preparing a summer training camp for their senior stars.
Chief commercial officer Luke Organ is expected to join them after the pair delivered the news of Steve Round's sacking this morning.
He, also known as ‘Ho' has taken a hands-on role this summer and could partly fill the role left behind by Round.
Villa will not be announcing an official replacement - as the position is now deemed vacant - but extra responsibility will be handed to Xia's right-hand man, who acts as the owner's eyes and ears in the Midlands.
Addressing the manager in the hours ahead also shows a sign of how prominent their role is right now.
(Image: @VillansHo/Twitter)
The agenda, though, is not yet clear.
It's normal for senior officials to meet with the management team ahead of pre-season - but after a summer of chaos it's difficult to predict what happens next at Villa.
Xia has already fallen out with former CEO Keith Wyness who left last month - and sacked their close ally, Round, just two days after they returned to Bodymoor Heath ahead of the 2018/19 campaign.
Chief scout Tony Coton has also left so the football department is currently low on experienced ‘football men'.
BirminghamLive understands that Bruce will not walk away from their role and is ready to start preparing the claret and blues for their third season in the Championship.
Whether their outlook changes in the weeks ahead remains to be seen.
Villa are expected to lose Jack Grealish this summer as Tottenham remain keen on the 22-year-old ace. John Terry has already left, the loan players from last season will not be returning and James Chester is also attracting interest.
If Villa are unable to top up their squad with quality replacements, Bruce might start to consider their future.
Of course a decision may have already been made by then and much will depend on the outcome of tomorrow's talks.
As for Round, their dismissal certainly came as a shock.
You can read more about the reasons why they were sacked here.
Who is Ho?
Meet Rongtian They - the Aston Villa superfan who is Dr Tony Xia's eyes and ears.
He's known as 'Ho' so we'll refer to them as that from now on!
With Xia back in China, Ho is on the ground at Villa Park and reporting back to the Recon frontman.
At just 29-years-old, Ho is among Villa's most powerful men.
During the turbulent fall out from Villa's promotion failures and the suspension of Keith Wyness, Ho is finding themselves acting as a 'proxy' for the owner at crunch board meetings.
Ho pledged their allegiances to Villa when their school friends in Guangdong were following the fortunes of Manchester United, Arsenal and co.
Claret and blue fanatic
Ho researched the club's history and soon became engrossed in the claret and blues' past glories in the First Division and Rotterdam. Their obsession with Villa saw them stroll up to the blackboard at school before leaving every Friday to write the words ‘Good luck Villa' in the hope of bringing their beloved club some fortune in their weekend endeavours.
In 2003, Ho wrote to Villa telling them of their desire to someday work for the club before saying ‘I know this is unrealistic'.
But 10 years later, a 25-year-old Ho landed the role of Asia Market Advisor with Villa just a few short months after completing a masters in Sport Management at Loughborough University.
Ho lists Lee Hendrie and Thomas Hitzlsperger as their Villa idols and watched on for the first time as Villa downed Chelsea to reach the semi-finals of the League Cup on 17 December 2003.
Watching Villa
But that was just the beginning of their love affair with Villa, who have influenced the majority of their life choices since - including the decision to join Loughborough University due to its close proximity to Villa Park.
Ho told avfc.co.uk: "I didn't arrive in England with mountains of money - like any student - but I didn't hesitate to pay the £340 for a season ticket.
"I headed straight to Villa Park to buy one. I would have regretted it to the day I died if I hadn't.
"We lost my first match - 3-1 to Everton - but it was an amazing experience. It was so exciting, seeing the atmosphere build before the game and watching the Holte End in full voice. I couldn't stop taking photos either.
"I remember heading on the supporter coach to my first away game too. The guys must never have seen a Chinese fan go away with the team. They looked at me as if to say: "Who are you? Why are you here?" I found it so funny.
"But they welcomed me as one of their own when I told them my story.
"Seeing the win at Liverpool was incredible. It's moments like this that you will never forget."
New role
Upon Dr Tony Xia's arrival at the club two years ago, Ho was promoted to become Executive Assistant to the Chairman and Oversea Business officer.
Xia's duties around Villa Park and beyond are looked after by Ho as the owner seeks to visit every corner of the club on a matchday in their typically hands-on style.
And it's that good work, not just here in Birmingham but in China too, that has seen Xia reward their right-hand man with a role of prestige at the club they adore.
Ho finished the asupervisorstioned interview with the words: “For someone like me to have the chance to work at a big club is incredible. My parents know very little about football but they appreciate the magnitude of the opportunity I have.
"For that chance to come at the club I love is an indescribable feeling. It was my dream - and my dream came true. This is a life lesson for anyone. Don't stop aspiring!"
And Ho certainly hasn't stopped ‘aspiring'. Their rise from schoolboy fanatic to one of the club's most powerful men is a lesson to us all.
A floating gate is opening to the Chinese COSCO container vessel named Andronikos navigating through the Agua Clara locks during the first ceremonial pass through the newly expanded Panama Canal in Agua Clara, on the outskirts of Colon City, Panama June 26, 2016. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
SHANGHAI Chinese state firms have expressed an interest to develop land around the Panama Canal, the chief executive of the vital trade thoroughfare said, underlining China's outward push into infrastructure via railways and ports around the world.
The Panama Canal Authority will officially open a tender to develop about 1,200 hectares of land - roughly the size of 1,200 football fields - around the waterway by the end of this year into a logistics park, after completing a five-year-long decontamination of the area, Chief Executive Jorge Quijano said.
"We have been talking to people here in China," Quijano told Reuters on Monday ahead of a meeting with the canal's advisory board in Shanghai. China Communications Construction Corp (601800.SS)(1800.HK), its subsidiary China Harbour Engineering Company and China Railway Group (601390.SS)(0390.HK) have shown interest in the project, they added.
This comes at a time when China is urging its companies to invest in infrastructure overseas as part of Beijing's "One Belt, One Road" initiative to improve global trade links.
China's state firms have in recent years already chalked up investments in key logistics nodes, including Piraeus in Greece and Bandar Malaysia, a major development project that is set to be the terminal for a proposed high-speed rail link between Kuala Lumpur and Singapore.
China's COSCO Shipping Corp (601919.SS)(1919.HK), which owns stakes in ports around the world including Piraeus (OLPr.AT), has in the past approached the Panama Canal Authority about the latter's plans for the land, Quijano said.
"There are opportunities there, definitely for some of these Chinese companies to participate as a concessionaire, not just as a contractor to build something, but they can actually bid for the concession and then build," they said.
They did not say how much the authority expected to get by selling the concession to develop the land.
China Communications Construction, China Railway Group and COSCO did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
NEW REVENUE STREAM
Quijano said the canal authority will parcel out the land and grant concession agreements of up to 40 years, with the aim to develop infrastructure and buildings on land previously used by the United States military for target practice.
Also up for grabs is an operating agreement for a roll-on, roll-off terminal near the canal, the tender for which will be put out in the middle of 2017, they said, adding the authority expected interest from Japan, China, Norway and South Korea.
They estimated the land and terminal would help bring in an annual revenue of "between $100-$125 million" after the first five years of operation. Overall, the Panama Canal is expected to bring in $2.8 billion in revenue this year, they said.
Panama opened the long-delayed $5.4 billion expansion of the canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans last June, but it has since been roiled by claims of cost overruns and criticism after a series of incidents that saw ships hit the lane's wall.
Quijano said the canal had attracted 18.3 percent more tonnage between October to February, versus year-ago levels, driven by a jump in liquefied petroleum gas, liquefied natural gas and container shipments.
(Additional Reporting by SHANGHAI Newsroom; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
A woman holds their phone as they walk past an advertisement for Australia's TPG Telecom Ltd in central Sydney, Australia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Steven Saphore
The logo of Australia's TPG Telecom Ltd can be seen in the reception area of their head office in Sydney, Australia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
A woman looks at their phone as they walk past an advertisement for Australia's TPG Telecom Ltd in central Sydney, Australia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Steven Saphore
The logo of Australia's TPG Telecom Ltd can be seen outside their head office in Sydney, Australia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
SYDNEY TPG Telecom (TPM.AX) up-ended Australia's 4G mobile market on Wednesday by buying spectrum and announcing plans to build a $1.4 billion (1.12 billion pounds) network to rival Singapore Telecommunications (STEL.SI), Telstra Corp (TLS.AX) and Vodafone Group (VOD.L).
The low-cost internet provider which is 34 percent-owned by Malaysia-born David Teoh was an outsider winner at a government auction of 700 MHz spectrum, freed up since the country's television stations went digital.
It was the only bidder without an existing 4G network, and won two 10-MHz spectrum bands with a A$1.26 billion (£755.60 million) bid. It said it would spend another A$600 million building a 4G network to reach 80 percent of the population.
The move promises to shake up Australia's 4G mobile market, currently dominated by network owners Telstra, which has 39 percent of contracts, followed by SingTel's Optus and Vodafone. Mobile has overtaken Telstra's declining fixed-line business to become its biggest earner.
Telstra shares were down 7.5 percent by mid-session, in a flat overall market, their biggest intraday fall since 2010 as investors worried that a new cut-price rival would hurt profitability.
"Margins in the mobile market are going to be squeezed," said Paul Budde, of telecoms consultancy Paul Budde Communication.
"That has a major effect on Telstra because they still are the one with the best margins in the wireless market."
SingTel shares fell as much as 2.6 percent, while Vodafone's London-listed shares were untraded because the market was closed.
In the auction, Vodafone, which co-owns its Australian business with Hong Kong's CK Hutchison Holdings (0001.HK), picked up two 5-MHz bands for A$286 million, enabling it to add to its network.
The Australian Communications and Media Authority, which ran the auction, said the total proceeds of more than A$1.5 billion beat the A$857 million reserve.
Telstra was excluded on the grounds that it already had too much spectrum.
A Telstra spokesperson said the auction showed Australia had a "strong and competitive mobile market under the current regulatory settings".
(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Gardaí are appealing to the public for assistance in locating a teenager who has been reported missing from Portarlington, Co Laois.
Ronan Quinn (13) was reported missing to gardaí on Monday, May 28th and was last seen at approximately 8.30pm on that date in Portarlington.  They are known to frequent Athlone and Dublin city centre.
 They are described as approximately 5ft in height, of slight build with brown hair.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Portlaoise Garda Station at (057) 8674100, the Garda Confidential Line at 1800 666 111 or any Garda Station.
March 31 India's cabinet approved a proposal on Friday to give large power projects extra time to take advantage of tax incentives, as a part of efforts to cut power tariffs and help to reduce stress on banks saddled with bad loans.
From the date of import of equipments for power production, large power producers will now have 120 months to furnish details to tax authorities to avail of tax benefits, the Indian government's spokesperson Frank Noronha said in a tweet.
Reuters reported on Thursday that a proposal to extend time for power producers to avail tax benefits would be put forward for the cabinet's approval on Friday.
Power producers, who previously had up to 60 months to claim benefits, will now have more time to access up to 100 billion rupees ($1.5 billion) in incentives such as a waiver on import duty, income tax as well as export benefits.
The move will benefit power projects with a capacity of over 30 gigawatts (GW) worth about 1.5 trillion rupees ($23 billion), out of which only 11 GW has been commissioned so far, the power ministry said in a statement.
Adding 20 GW of new capacity could also help India cut bad loans at banks that have been saddled with $133 billion of stressed loans, mainly from the power sector. (Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan in New Delhi, editing by David Evans)
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Toronto and Orlando have finalized a trade that sends Serge Ibaka to the Raptors for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-round pick.
Ibaka averaged 15.1 points and 6.8 rebounds for Orlando this season. They have long been considered a rugged defensive power forward, and their experience making deep playoff runs with the Thunder should be a tremendous asset to the Raptors.
I'd like to thank the @OrlandoMagic organization, coaches, teammates and fans for my time in Orlando. Best of luck in the future — Serge Ibaka (@sergeibaka_7) February 15, 2017
Ibaka will be a free agent this summer. Ross is in the first year of a three-year, $31 million contract.
Ross averaged 10.4 points and 2.6 rebounds with the Raptors, who entered Tuesday tied for the fourth-best record in the Eastern Conference.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
People walk through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File photo
LONDON British shares dropped on Thursday after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting indicated the bank would shrink its balance sheet later this year.
The FTSE 100 .FTSE was down 0.4 percent at 7,303.20 points at its close, with financials the biggest drag, taking almost 11 points off the index. U.S. equities had dipped on Wednesday.
"There were two elements in the Fed minutes: the fact that some officials thought equities were overvalued; but the smarter money is looking at the fact balance sheet reduction seems to be indicated towards the end of this year," said Panmure Gordon chief economist Simon French.
Lloyds (LLOY.L), which traded ex-div, was among the biggest fallers, down 2.2 percent, while Barclays (BARC.L) fell 1 percent.,
Pearson (PSON.L) was down 6.7 percent, also ex-div and further weighed by a downgrade from Exane to 'underperform'.
"Structural pressures in U.S. higher education courseware are now well documented in the share price. However, we raise fresh concerns on the sustainability of double-digit growth in Pearson's U.S. virtual schools business," the broker said.
The FTSE 100 was also under pressure from a firmer sterling, as a large number of FTSE constituents are dollar-earning firms. April is the month when UK companies make big dividend payouts, and is one reason why the pound has traditionally risen then.
Real estate was the top European sector, and British Land Company (BLND.L) and Land Securities Group (LAND.L) were up 1.7 to 2.3 percent. Shares in easyJet (EZJ.L) were the top gainers, rising 4.2 percent
Intellectual property firm Allied Minds (ALML.L) was the biggest mid-cap faller, down 5.4 percent and touching a record low, trading below its IPO price for the first time. This took the shares' year-to-date decline to over 62 percent.
The company, 28 percent owned by Woodford Investment Management, had its worst every day on Wednesday after cutting funding for seven of its portfolio companies.
Jefferies however raised the stock to 'hold' from 'underperform'.
"Allied Minds' new CEO has taken less than a month to cull the weaker companies in the portfolio," said the broker. "This has happened more quickly and broadly than we expected, but we see this $147 million hit as decisive rather than panicked or precipitated."
(Reporting by Kit Rees and Helen Reid; editing by John Stonestreet)
DICT says goal represents ‘best effort'; rules still being drawn up
PLDT, Inc. and Globe Telecom, Inc.'s market dominance could be challenged sometime next year, a senior government official said, following the Palace's announcement that China Telecommunications Corp. had been chosen to compete against the duopoly.
Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) officer-in-charge Eliseo Rio told The Manila Times that the government wanted the third telco player to be operational “before the middle of next year.”
“Best effort na timeline namin ‘yan at mukhang okay naman. ‘Yun din ang gusto ni President [Rodrigo Duterte] na as soon as possible ay merong third party sa telco industry (The timeline represents our best effort but it appears okay. This is also what the President wants, which are we should have a third telecom player as soon as possible,” they qualified.
Unanswered questions include the identity of China Telecom's local partner — foreign firms are barred from taking full ownership of public utilities — and the frequencies that it will have control of, or whether a franchise will have to be sought from Congress.
Rio claimed that China Telecom had “all the resources, like technologies, equipment, to come here and partner with our telcos”.
The Chinese firm has yet to issue a statement. Bloomberg reported that China Telecom had confirmed that it was conducting a preliminary study on investing in the Philippines and that plans had not been finalized.
While reports have tagged Philippine Telegraph & Telephone Corp. as the likely partner – the firm last month said it was in talks with Chinese firms to mount the challenge – Rio said the government had yet to make up its mind as it wanted a firm with “strong financial backing”.
“Kailangan talaga ng mas malaki ‘yung consortium dahil kung ang San Miguel nga ay nabili ng duopoly, ano pa kung mas maliit pa sa San Miguel yung bibigyan namin ng frequencies (The consortium has to be big because if the duopoly was able to buy San Miguel (sic), what more if the one who gets the frequencies is smaller than San Miguel),: they said.
“Hindi dapat mangyari na iyong frequency ay ibebenta ulit sa PLDT at Globe (What should not happen is that
the frequency is sold back to PLDT and Globe,” Rio added.
The DICT official was referring to Globe and PLDT's purchase last year of San Miguel Corp.'s
telecommunication assets, which included rights to the much-prized 700 megahertz frequency. The Ramon Ang-led conglomerate was forced to abandon its telco plans after talks with Australia's Telstra fell through.
In the wake of the P70-billion deal, PLDT and Globe returned the rights to several frequencies to the government, with officials then saying that these could be bundled and offered to a third player.
“Actually, before the government can sign frequencies for a telco, we need to check the organization or consortium that can truly use these frequencies,” Rio said on Monday.
The government, they said, was preparing rules that will help identify China Telecom's local partner.
The chief of state-owned National Transmission Corp. (Transco), meanwhile, offered the use of its facilities to China Telecom.
Transco President Melvin Matibag told reporters that while the Chinese firm was talking with “somebody who has a higher pay grade”, tapping the transmission firm's nationwide network — already being used by Globe and PLDT unit Smart Communications — would facilitate the entry of a third player.
“We can still partner with a private entity who has the franchise already. But what we can offer is the facilities which will shorten the process,” Matibag said.
“[T]he way we project it for Luzon we can do it in six months. Then, the entire country we can do it in one year,” they added.
Matibag said Transco had already submitted diversification plans that include serving as the third telco player, noting that the firm's facilities were being used for telecommunications purposes.
Transco expressed its interest to become a telco player in October and Matibag then claimed that legislators were “very, very, very interested” in providing support.
Asked to comment on the Palace's announcement, meanwhile, Globe Senior Vice-President Yoly Crisanto said the Ayala-owned firm was “ready to compete just as we have been doing in this business.”
President Duterte has frequently referred to the country's inadequate telecommunications services and shortly after threatening to allow the entry of Chinese players, Globe President and CEO Ernest Cu told reporters that companies wanting to enter the sector were “welcome”.
“Our focus is to grow our business and be competitive. We're there to compete,” they said.
PLDT declined to comment on the China Telecom new but last month, company spokesperson Mon Isberto said “we welcome competition.”
PLDT Chairman Manuel Pangilinan also said in November that the firm was “not averse to anyone coming in today in the industry. They're welcome. This is a free economy and we're not going to take any steps to impose it”.
WITH A REPORT FROM JORDEENE LAGARE
Wooden Magazine Rack
Contact
Wooden Street
***@woodenstreet.com Wooden Street
End
-- A newsletter, a brochure or a magazine, every literature should get a right place. A literature presented in a neat and clean manner describes how well methodized your ways are. Your fascination for magazines and other literary will be depicted in a more systematic way if you have a magazine rack. A brochure holder or a magazine rack at offices, malls, waiting rooms leaves and a courteous impression on the minds of the customers. You can leave a similar impression on the minds of your visitors simply by getting a chic magazine rack. Other than this there are various features of a magazine rack that owning one leaves you in a beneficial state:1. Space saving tool:A wall magazine rack can save a lot of space of your living room. The wall magazine racks can easily be fixed on the wall. Some of these also come with brackets to be hung over the wall. Certainly, they do not occupy the floor space, instead use the bare walls efficiently, adorning your home in an organised manner.2. Give your home an immaculate look:The state of your room depicts the state of your mind. Magazines scattered all over the coffee table of your living room might not leave a good impression about your organisation skills in your guest's mind. But, the problem can be solved if you have a magazine rack. It helps to create a clutter-free environment at your home, keeping all your journals and bookmarked newsletters organised at a hand's distance.3. Create a wonderful display:The magazine racks have a front open display, allowing you to flaunt all your magazine collection. Instead of storing your well-hunted collection in drawers or cabinets, it's better to show it off on a stylish magazine rack. If you are creative enough, you can use the magazine racks in the most innovative way to exhibit your furbelows. The top of a magazine rack can give place to your alarm clock, frames and the souvenirs.4. Attractive features:The magazine racks come in different sizes and shapes. So you can select the best as per your requirement. Additionally, you can choose from the standing ones, or the wall mounted ones, as per the availability of space. They have many cuts and pockets ranging from 6 to 18. Despite the large storage capacity, they are light in weight and can be easily carried to any part of your place.5. Give a modernised look:Storing your magazines in drawers or a table top is an outdated idea. The modern apartments search for the ways to display each and every gem they have, artistically, magazine being the one. A stylish magazine rack with numerous features of front display, multiple rows, casters, zig-zag style and much more make it a must-have piece for all the apartments. Also, the magazine racks do not acquire much space which makes it obtainable for small apartments too.While getting a magazine rack, you should go for a material that is sturdy and durable. Wooden magazine racks can be the best option as wood is the most durable material and has a low maintenance cost.You can get awesome designs of wooden magazine racks easily on Wooden Street at an affordable prize. You can even get your designs customised as per your need. To know what more they offer, visit : https://www.woodenstreet.com/ magazine-rack A magazine rack is a stylish way to flaunt your magazine collection and give your apartment an upscale look. It gives your apartment a more organised look. It is the perfect way to give a professional arrangement to all your documents. The profitable features and trendy designs make it a must-have furniture piece for all the apartments.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Kevin Patrick Hobbs is a bright and talented specialist who has impressive experience already in their resume and will be an asset to your company if you are searching for people who will bring your business to the top level.
Nowadays, operating a company is not easy from many perspectives, the competition on the market, unstable financial sector, bureaucracy, and incompetent employees. Mentioned above are just a few aspects why your production line or services offered might not have a crazy demand in your niche.
Therefore, there are plenty of webpages where you can view all potential candidates for your opened possession. AngelList is one of those places where qualified people meet in order to recruit or find a job. It is a spectacular website that you will fall in love with, you should immediately stop digging an inbox full of resumes, just connect with high quality potential employees in one click. Kevin Patrick Hobbs is one of the experienced pro who you can reach out to and find all of their prior achievements on their page.  They are a founder of three companies that are well recognized on the market and if you have a startup project, then they are the one you need. Kevin is founder of Genisys Project that uses the technology behind Bitcoin to disrupt financial services. Another group that they founded is The Vanbex Group, who work on digital currency, blockchain protocols, and decentralized technology. Finally yet importantly of Kevin's creations is Etherparty, which visually creates smart contracts. As you can see from Mr. Hobbs' prior experience they are truly dedicated and qualified worker who you want to be on your team.
Forget long and boring interviews that do not bring any result, start using appropriate ways in finding personnel for your firm. On AngelList you will find only professional people, just as Kevin Hobbs is, there are no catches. The main purpose of this webpage is to help people connect with each other for their own benefits. If you are an employer, this must become your bookmark that you often go to and find ambitious and creative people who are on a search for new opportunities.
About Kevin Patrick Hobbs:
Kevin Patrick Hobbs is a highly qualified and demanded professional in IT domain who has substantial experience in creating useful apps and groups. Do not hesitate and see all of their achievements today on AngelList, amazing website that offers a great list of specialists in various domains looking for an interesting and prosperous career.
Contact:
Company: Vanbex Group
Contact Name: Lisa Cheng
Address: 789 West 50th ave, Vancouver, BC, V6P 1A4, Canada
Phone: 604-379-9032
Email: K@vanbex.com
Website: https://angel.co/kevin-hobbs-1
April 12 China Finance Investment Holdings Ltd
* Noted recent drop in price of co's shares and various news alleging, co's substantial shareholder might pledge their shares and were subject to forced sale
* Board is not aware of reason for unusual movements in price and volume of company's shares
* Made enquiries with lin yuhao & clarify that lin yuhao have not directly or indirectly pledged any of their shares & have not sold of any shares Source (bit.ly/2p89yuO) Further company coverage:
BERLIN RB Leipzig missed the chance to close in on Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich by drawing 1-1 at Schalke 04 on Sunday and are eight points behind in second place with four matches left.
Promoted Leipzig looked well on the way to cutting the lead of Bavaria, who drew 2-2 at home to Mainz 05 on Saturday, back to six points when Timo Werner put them ahead after 14 minutes.
Werner beat defender Benedikt Hoewedes to the ball to head in and cap a strong start with their 17th goal of the campaign.
The visitors did well to keep Schalke at bay in the first half but the hosts drew level a minute after the break with striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar's second league goal this season.
Bavaria are top with 70 points ahead of Leipzig on 62. Borussia Dortmund have jumped into third spot with 56 after Saturday's 3-2 win at Borussia Moenchengladbach.
The top three clubs win automatic qualification to the Champions League group stage, with the fourth-placed team going into the competition's qualifying rounds.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Ken Ferris)
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing their car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn their car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," they tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which they said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," they said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" they admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
They told the newspaper that they don't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In their opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on their claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke their permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked their permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of their speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend their demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." They added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," they said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MONTREAL Bombardier Inc's (BBDb.TO) controlling family has discussed governance and board succession in the wake of an executive pay uproar, with some family members wanting new blood for its representatives on the board, the grandson of the company founder told Reuters in an interview.
The plane and train maker set off protests, most recently near Bombardier's Montreal headquarters on Sunday, after the board raised 2016 salaries of five executives and its chairperson by up to 50 percent just weeks after it received a federal loan. The company later agreed to defer part of the raises to 2020.
Charles Bombardier, grandson of founder Joseph-Armand Bombardier who died in 1964, said the executive pay decision has moved to the forefront talk of who should represent the family on the board. Their father, J.R. Andre Bombardier, sits on the current board of directors.
Charles Bombardier spoke to Reuters by telephone from Montreal on Friday.
The family, which controls Bombardier through a dual voting structure, now has five of the 15 board seats, including one for former chief executive Laurent Beaudoin who is chairperson emeritus. Pierre Beaudoin, also a grandson of the founder, is the executive chairperson.
"I think the third generation will play a more active role on the board since they are in their prime working years," Charles Bombardier said in their first media interview following the pay uproar.
Charles Bombardier, 43, an industrial designer and an investor in startup companies left a company spinoff, Bombardier Recreational Products, in 2006 and does not currently hold any executive position in Bombardier or have a board seat. But their comments offer a rare insight into the thinking of the Bombardier-Beaudoin family, whose members maintain a low profile.
Bombardier, which considered bankruptcy protection in 2015, has been in the midst of a five-year turnaround. The company scored a major boost for its flagship CSeries jet in 2016 with the signing of key sales contracts and the plane's smooth entry into service after years running over-budget and behind schedule.
"The family took great risk by investing in this (CSeries) aircraft program and now it's a technical success," Charles Bombardier said. "This was a family decision and in the years to come, you will see it was an excellent one."
DUAL-CLASS SHARES
They reiterated the family would never modify the dual-class share structure that gives them voting control, partly because it protects Bombardier from becoming a takeover target.
"The key is keeping control of the company and passing it on to the next generation while making sure that shareholder value is generated along the way," they said.
A Bombardier spokesperson declined to comment.
In the past, the family's vision for the company has conflicted at times with external chief executives. One CEO left after two years at the helm.
Current CEO Alain Bellemare, who took the reins of Bombardier in 2015 and replaced Pierre Beaudoin, has the support of family members, Charles Bombardier said.
Charles Bombardier said Beaudoin deserved a higher salary in 2015 because they were assisting Bellemare in the transition to become CEO.
"The role of the chairperson needs to be separated from the CEO and one year to make the transition is enough in my opinion," they said, adding the executive chairperson's role should now focus on leading the board and Beaudoin's salary should be benchmarked to industry norms.
In an email statement sent on Sunday, Beaudoin said they are "happy to have the continuing support of my entire family," and reiterated family support for company management.
(Editing by Denny Thomas and Matthew Lewis)
Defender Giorgio Chiellini has withdrawn from Italy's training sessions ahead of this month's international friendlies because of a thigh strain, their club Juventus said on Monday.
The Azzurri, as the Italian national team is called, is expected to take on Argentina in Manchester on Friday and England at Wembley four days later.
Interim coach Luigi Di Biagio replaced Gian Piero Ventura in November after Italy failed to qualify for the World Cup for the first time since 1958.
The 33-year-old Chiellini, capped 96 times by Italy, picked up the injury in Juve's 0-0 draw at Spal on Saturday.
The Turin club said the injury would be evaluated over the next two days.
Juve's next match is against AC Milan on March 31, followed by the first leg of their UEFA Champions League quarter-final against Real Madrid on April 3.
FILE PHOTO - Emma Morano, thought to be the world's oldest person and the last to be born in the 1800s, is seen during their 117th birthday in their house in Verbania, northern Italy November 29, 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Emma Morano, thought to be the world's oldest person and the last to be born in the 1800s, blows candles during their 117th birthday in Verbania, northern Italy November 29, 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Emma Morano, thought to be the world's oldest person and the last to be born in the 1800s, sits on their bed during their 117th birthday in Verbania, northern Italy November 29, 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
ROME Emma Morano, who at 117 was believed to be the world's oldest person and the last surviving child of the 19th century, died on Saturday, swearing to the end on their diet of two raw eggs a day.
"She reached an incredible finish line," said Silvia Marchionini, mayor of the town of Verbania in northern Italy where Morano lived on the shores of Lake Maggiore.
Morano, who lived 117 years and 137 days, was born on Nov. 29, 1899, four years before the Wright brothers first took to the air. Them life spanned three centuries, two World Wars and more than 90 Italian governments.
"My life wasn't so nice," they told Reuters last November on their 117th birthday.
"I worked in a factory until I was 65, then that was that," they said as they sat in an armchair by their window, a white shawl over their shoulders.
In an interview with La Stampa newspaper five years ago they said their fiance had died in World War One and that they had then been forced to marry a man they did not love.
"'Either you agree to marry me or I will kill you'," Morano said, recalling their proposal. "I was 26. We got married."
It was not a happy marriage. They had a son in 1937, but the baby died after just six months and the following year Morano kicked out their abusive husband.
"I separated from them in 1938. I think I was one of the first in Italy to do that."
Morano outlived all their eight brothers and sisters, including one who died at 102. They thrived on an unorthodox, unbalanced diet.
"When I first knew them they used to eat three eggs a day. Two raw, and one fried. Today they have slowed down a bit, reducing the number to two some days because they say three can be too much," their doctor, Carlo Bava, said last year.
"She has never eaten much fruit or vegetables. Them characteristic is that they always eat the same thing, every day, every week, every month and every year."
Marchionini, the mayor of Verbania, told the Italian news agency AGI that their city has more than 20 people aged over 100.
(Additional reporting by Crispian Balmer Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had they been born in an earlier era, they might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," they say. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
They hope to give voice to those early generations of residents, in their book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout their life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume their physical disability means they also have an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped them accept their body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On their twin sister, who died shortly after birth
They lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of their presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that they are dead and is gone in a real way, they don't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how their physical disability and their poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
Juraj Vaculík (L), Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of AeroMobil, and Prince Albert II of Monaco unveil the AeroMobil flying car during the Top Marques Monaco supercar show in Monaco April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
People look at the AeroMobil flying car during its unveiling at the Top Marques Monaco supercar show in Monaco April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
People look at the AeroMobil flying car during its unveiling at the Top Marques Monaco supercar show in Monaco April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
People look at the AeroMobil flying car during its unveiling at the Top Marques Monaco supercar show in Monaco April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Inside view of the AeroMobil flying car during its unveiling at the Top Marques Monaco supercar show in Monaco April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
People look at the AeroMobil flying car during its unveiling at the Top Marques Monaco supercar show in Monaco April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
People look at the AeroMobil flying car during its unveiling at the Top Marques Monaco supercar show in Monaco April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
People look at the AeroMobil flying car during its unveiling at the Top Marques Monaco supercar show in Monaco April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
MONACO A Slovakia-based company unveiled the commercial design for a flying car priced at more than $1 million on Thursday, saying it was ready for pre-orders with first deliveries expected by 2020.
AeroMobil said its teardrop-like shaped AeroMobil Flying Car, displayed at the Top Marques Monaco, could switch to flight mode in less than three minutes. The wings fold away for driving on roads and swing out for flying.
The company, one of several developing such flying vehicles, aims to make up to 500 units of its first commercially available edition, priced at 1.2 million to 1.5 million euros ($1.29 million to $1.61 million).
To fly, the car would need an airfield or another approved place to take off, while owners would require driving and pilot licenses, AeroMobil Chief Communications Officer Stefan Vadocz said.
AeroMobil said deliveries to customers of the flying car, which Vadocz said would comply with air and road regulations, was expected to start by 2020.
Before so-called flying cars become mainstream, they must overcome a host of flight safety issues to allay public fears.
Governments are already studying how to regulate drones and driverless cars, while the auto and aviation industries are working on advances in software and city planning to ensure the vehicles are restricted to travel within safe corridors.
(Writing By Marie-Louise Gumuchian; Editing by Edmund Blair)
CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and actor Kathy Griffin had "special guests" as they helped CNN's audience welcome in the New Year.
Cooper and Griffin had puppets of themselves before the live televised audience in Times Square while viewers waited for the ball to drop in New York City.
"I've never felt this way about a puppet before," Cooper joked on camera. Griffin's puppet teased Cooper's puppet about drinking on camera.
"I'm trying to get fired by 9:05 p.m.," Cooper's puppet shot back. Watch a clip from the interaction below courtesy of CNN.
The Drawback:
The recreational water sports enthusiast will face a lot of frustrations using the Tissot Sea Touch T026.420.11.031.00 Mens Watch. Unless you use it for pro-level diving, you'll never be able to use it to its fullest capacity. That will leave around a third (at least) of its features unused, which are specifically meant for serious underwater activities.
The attraction:
It is the first diving watch in the T-Touch collection. Its masculine look combines tech and town in right proportions. As a lifestyle item, the Tissot Sea Touch T026.420.11.031.00 Mens Watch is quite a watch you'll love to sport. That is, just knowing about all that it can do. It is a watch not just made for diving; it's a watch that actually wants to dive and make you crave for a dive! It also has a pretty hardcore mechanical look that watch lovers die for, which makes the Tissot Sea Touch T026.420.11.031.00 Mens Watch a piece that can be easily worn under non-diving contexts and still not to be looked at strangely. There are no times that it might appear not appropriate to be worn.
The position:
With its computerized diving functions, the Tissot Sea Touch T026.420.11.031.00 Mens Watch sits comfortably at the exact midpoint, with pure diving computers at one end and sophisticated Swiss timepieces at the other.
The technicalities:
The Sea-Touch complies with the European EN 13319 norms, which stand for legibility, anti-magnetism, water and shock resistance and overall durability. The Tissot Sea Touch T026.420.11.031.00 Mens Watch multi-function touch screen activates with a pusher and the functions are accessed by pressing the sapphire crystal at different spots. That makes it a bona fide, seriously cool toy more than just a gadget watch. The strict Swiss style and design senses are incorporated into the Tissot Sea Touch T026.420.11.031.00 Mens Watch along with all the functionality and sharpness that makes it far different from being an eyesore. The watch has a slit case back which contains the sensors for air and water pressure measurements.
It's a norm for dive watches to come with large hands to facilitate viewing under murky and low light conditions, but here the Tissot Sea Touch T026.420.11.031.00 Mens Watch strikes a difference with the rest by not throwing in ugly and obnoxious hands. Instead, Tissot put some really great lume in generous amounts; on the dial, on the bezel and on the hands. It's called SuperLumiNova. The bright red backlight makes viewing the LCD easy in the dark, which displays a second timezone, a perpetual calendar, an alarm, a chronograph, temperature and directional readings, dive time measurements, a depth gauge and logging functions. The Tissot T-Trend Couturier Automatic T026.420.11.031.00 Mens Watch operates on both manual and automatic dive modes, which means, if you forgot to switch it on before the dive, the dive mode shall be activated once you are about five feet underwater. That makes you lose out on the exact dive time.
Under Dive Mode, the dive-time counter begins automatically and the watch hands turn into depth gauge with the minute hand showing maximum depth attained and the hour hand indicating current depth, while the bezel serves as the scale. And if you like, you may also use the compass underwater, which means, it's not just that you can dive with this watch, but you must!
April 6 Kddl Ltd
* KDDL Ltd says strategic partnerships with Nomos Glashutte SA and Oris SA
* KDDL Ltd says Oris Sa will end its partnership with existing retailers
* KDDL Ltd says partnerships for exclusively retailing nomos glashutte watches and oris watches in india Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WINDHOEK, April 12 Namibia's central bank left its benchmark lending rate unchanged at 7 percent on Wednesday, saying the level was appropriate to support economic growth.
"This rate remains appropriate to support growth, while maintaining the 1-to-1 link between the Namibian dollar and the rand," said the central bank.
(Reporting by Nyasha Nyaungwa; Writing by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by James Macharia)
April 21 Asm Pacific Technology Ltd
* Q1 group revenue $484.7 million, up 31.4 percent
* Q1 net profit of HK$729.2 million, up 470%
* Expect bookings in Q2 to remain at a similar level as Q1
* Expect group bookings in Q2 to achieve a strong double digit percentage growth year-on-year
* Expect gross margin of group to continue to improve during second quarter this year Source text: (bit.ly/2p0Y4LF) Further company coverage:
SAUK CENTRE - An eight-year-old Melrose girl was hurt in crash near Sauk Centre.
The Minnesota State Patrol says the crash happened around 11:50 a.m. Saturday on Highway 71 at County Road 29.
Authorities say a car driven by 36-year-old Justin Hinnenkamp of Melrose was going west on County Road 29 when they crossed the intersection and went into the ditch.
The university that first uncovered excess emissions coming out of Volkswagen's diesel models has turned their attention to Fiat Chrysler Automobile's 3.0L EcoDiesel V6. Their results show that models equipped with this engine spew as much as 20 times the legal limit for emissions.
Bloomberg reports the West Virginia University's Center for Alternative Fuels, Engines and Emissions tested five Jeep Grand Cherokees and Ram 1500s from the 2014 and 2015 model years in the lab and out on the road. Why 2014 and 2015 model year vehicles? According to the Wall Street Journal, this is due to another emission issue dealing with 2014 models having their catalytic converter replaced. The university found that in real-world driving, the models emitted between 3 to 20 times the legal limit for Nitrogen oxide (NOx).
“We saw emissions results in simulated on-road cycles on chassis dynamometers that were much lower than the actual on-road results were, suggesting that the vehicle was controlled in different fashions,” said Daniel Carder, director of the center to Bloomberg.
FCA has called the university's findings into question. In a statement released yesterday, the company has reached out to the university to get more information on how the tests were done. FCA says the comparison between the on-road tests done by the university and EPA lab tests are invalid. The researchers drove some of the vehicles at a higher speed than in the lab and that there was more weight in the vehicle than what is required by regulators.
There is also an interesting tidbit from FCA's statement.
"Based upon court filings and discussions with CAFEE, this testing appears to have been commissioned by a plaintiffs' law firm for purposes of litigation."
When asked by Bloomberg on who commissioned the research, Carder declined.
Source: Bloomberg, Wall Street Journal (Subscription Required), Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
Press Release is on Page 2
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
* APRA wants to promote higher-than-normal degree of prudence
* Says recent measures not aimed at determining housing prices
* Looking at bolstering capital levels at the banks (Adds comments from APRA chair on capital levels, quotes from banks, analyst)
By Jamie Freed and Swati Pandey
SYDNEY, April 5 Australia's banking watchdog said on Wednesday that authorities can and will take further action if needed to stop a debt-fuelled bubble in the country's red-hot housing market.
Wayne Byres, chairperson of the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority (APRA), said measures announced last week were aimed at promoting prudent lending and borrowing practices, and not to influence housing prices.
Housing has become a political hot potato and have dominated newspaper headlines recently, with prices in Sydney skyrocketing almost 20 percent a year, having more than doubled since 2008. In Melbourne, they are racing at nearly 16 percent.
The feverish pace of price increases prompted APRA to announce measures asking banks to limit new interest-only loans to 30 percent of total new mortgages, from 40 percent now. It also demanded that banks limit investor credit to "comfortably remain below" a previously set cap of 10 percent annual growth.
"This latest step is a tactical response to current market conditions – we can and will do more, or less, as conditions evolve," they said at an industry conference in Sydney.
"Our role in the current environment is to promote a higher-than-normal degree of prudence – definitely by lenders and, ideally, also borrowers – in both credit decisions and balance sheet strength."
Just this week, Australia's corporate watchdog joined the fray, introducing a new round of industry surveillance to ensure banks and brokers were not recommending overly expensive interest-only loans to customers.
The measures come as regulators grow increasingly worried about a run-up in borrowing at a time when household debt is already at record highs, risking a damaging pullback in home prices.
Australian banks are among the world's most profitable lenders with strong capital levels. They emerged out of the global financial crisis relatively unscathed and regulators want to ensure they remain safe.
Banks have largely welcomed the recent measures.
"I don't think any of us want to see house prices going backwards but more a leveling off of the trajectory would be a good thing," said Catriona Noble, Managing Director, Retail, ANZ. "The 30 percent cap is good and... we can manage that."
"UNQUESTIONABLY STRONG"
APRA was also looking at bolstering capital levels to ensure major banks are "unquestionably strong" to withstand a repeat of the global financial crisis. It had held off a decision on implementing new measures until an agreement was reached in Basel for global lenders. Although Basel has now extended its deadline APRA is pushing ahead.
"It is important to remember that neither we nor the banking industry has stood still in the meantime," Byres said.
"Without clarity as to a deadline for an agreement in Basel, we have decided it does not make sense to wait any longer to deal with the question of 'unquestionably strong'."
Byre expects APRA to announce new capital rules by mid-2017 and analysts say it is increasingly likely the watchdog will introduce tighter rules on assessing mortgage risk.
"We believe a combination of macro prudential measures and higher risk weights could be viewed positively by APRA, the central bank and the government," said Richard Wiles, analyst at Morgan Stanley.
"Higher capital requirements and slower investor property loan growth would enhance financial stability," Wiles said, while higher mortgage rates for property investors "may remove the case for RBA rate hikes."
On Tuesday, the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) held interest rates steady at a record low 1.50 percent for the eighth straight month. (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Writing by Swati Pandey; Editing by Richard Pullin & Shri Navaratnam)
March 31 GOLD TOWN GAMES AB
* ENTERS COOPERATION WITH VAVEL GAME STUDIO
* PURPOSE OF COOPERATION IS TO BUY RIGHTS TO ONE GAME IN THE FIRST PHASE
* EXPECTS TO SEE REVENUE FROM THE GAME FROM Q2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Recasts, adds details, background)
By Lusha Zhang and Tony Munroe
BEIJING, March 30 The National Hockey League (NHL) will stage two annual pre-season games in China from this year as it looks to build interest in the country that will host the 2022 Winter Olympics, even as its participation in next year's Games remains in doubt.
Commissioner Gary Bettman announced on Thursday that the Los Angeles Kings and Vancouver Canucks would play exhibition games in Shanghai on Sept. 21 and in Beijing two days later.
The NHL is the latest major sports league hoping to tap China and its 1.3 billion-person market, following European soccer teams and the National Basketball Association (NBA), which is highly popular in the country.
The announcement in Beijing comes as the NHL has yet to decide whether its players will take part in the 2018 Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
NHL team owners are unhappy at having to shut down the season for two-and-a-half weeks and exposing their top players to injury during the Winter Games.
Recent Winter Olympics have been preceded by the question of whether NHL players will take part, with Bettman saying last week that people should assume the league would not send its players to South Korea.
However, the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) has agreed to cover the cost of travel and insurance for NHL players, Reuters reported on Wednesday, in hopes of breaking the impasse.
The cost, which could run to $20 million, was covered at the last five games by the International Olympic Committee, which has said it would no longer do so in 2018.
Bettman did not sound moved by the gesture.
"The expenses that they say are being paid are consistent with the prior Olympics – that is not the issue we are dealing with," they told a media briefing at an arena in the Chinese capital. "We are focused on the disruption of the season."
Bettman said the NHL was committed to growing the sport in China regardless of whether its players took part in the Olympics.
"We first have to deal with South Korea before we can focus on Beijing," they said. "But the point is, whether or not the players play for two weeks in either South Korea or Beijing does not change our commitment for the long term to grow hockey in China." (Editing by Peter Rutherford)
March 30 Astro Malaysia Holdings Bhd:
* Refer to the article in the Star Online on 29 March 2017 entitled "Astro expects better year”
* Clarifies that reported statement does not in any way represent a projection, estimate or forecast of Astro group's performance for FY18 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has promised the new Government will work in partnership with Maori to solve the problems they face.
Ms Ardern was speaking today at Karetu Marae in Northland, the home marae of the new Crown-Maori Relations, Corrections and Tourism Minister, Kelvin Davis.
1 NEWS political reporter Katie Bradford reports the message from people at Karetu Marae today is that clear they want the Government to keep listening to them, visiting them and working with them to solve the problems in Northland, and facing Maori.
Ms Ardern told reporters they think those on the marae and the Government "absolutely agree".
"As I said yesterday with the iwi chairs, as we said when we met with members of regional and local government, we've got a lot of things that we want to achieve. And we can't do it alone, and I think we're only going to make the gains we'd like to make if we work in partnership," they said.
Asked how the Government will do that, with economic development much needed in Northland," Ms Ardern said: "Absolutely. Well firstly, by listening."
They said they and their team talked with local mayors yesterday about many issues they and local MPs see.
"And it's about uss not dictating what happens, but working together to identify the problems. Regional roads, regional employment are great examples."
The Prime Minister said the Government's provincial growth fund is a key opportunity "to say to local government what things in your area would unleash jobs? So rather than us dictating, sitting down and finding out what the opportunities are".
They said a "great and obvious example" in Northland is that the region is prime for forestry which not only creates employment opportunities, "it helps us tick off environmental goals as well".
Asked about a four-lane road to Whangarei, Ms Ardern said NZTA is looking at safety issues and they have heard the mayors when they say people's access to the region is key".
They said she's sure ministers will be sitting down with mayors to ensure access is key, but would not make a decision on such a road today.
A campaign slogan for Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, (Onwards !), and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, is seen ahead of a campaign rally in Saint-Herblain near Nantes, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
Francois Fillon (L), former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, shakes hands with Alain Juppe, Mayor of Boreaux and a former prime minister, as they visit the music streaming services Deezer's headquarters in Paris, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Christophe Ena/Pool
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, speaks to journalists during their visit at the headquarters of the KRYS group in Bazainville, France, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Samson/Pool
French police officers stand place de la Republique before a campaign rally by Benoit Hamon, French Socialist party 2017 presidential candidate, in Paris, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a political rally in Dijon, France, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
People walk past campaign posters of Marine Le Pen (L), French National Front (FN) political party leader, and Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche! (Onwards!), two of the eleven candidates who run in the 2017 French presidential election in Paris, France, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, reacts at the end of their campaign rally in Paris, France, April 17, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Supporters for Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, (Onwards !), and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attend a campaign political rally in Saint-Herblain near Nantes, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
French voter registration cards are seen in this illustration picture April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/Illustration
A poster campaign with factice portable cellphone numbers for French presidential candidates, Top row from L, Benoit Hamon, Socialist Party candidate, Emmanuel Macron, candidate for 'En Marche !' or (Onwards !), Nathalie Arthaud, candidate for France's extreme-left Lutte Ouvriere, and Marine Le Pen, the National Front (FN) leader and candidate; Bottom row R, Francois Fillon, the Republicans centre-right candidate, are seen on a wall in Paris, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
A man looks at campaign posters of the 11th candidates who run in the 2017 French presidential election in Enghien-les-Bains, near Paris, France April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
Supporters wave flags as they wait for the start of a campaign rally for Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for the French 2017 presidential election, in Marseille, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, April 17, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, delivers a speech to employees during their visit at the headquarters of the KRYS group in Bazainville, France, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Samson/Pool
PARIS Centrist Emmanuel Macron clung on to their status as favourite to win France's presidential election in a four-way race that is too close to call, as the camp of far-right challenger Marine Le Pen ramped up its eurosceptic rhetoric in a row with Brussels.
A closely-watched Cevipof opinion poll published on Wednesday showed frontrunners Macron and Le Pen both losing some momentum ahead of Sunday's first round, and conservative Francois Fillon and far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon still in contention for the second round run-off.
With millions of French voters still undecided or planning to abstain, the vote is the most unpredictable in France in decades and investors are nervous about potential last-minute surprises that could trigger market turmoil.
Le Pen and Melenchon, who both pitch themselves as defenders of French workers, say they could take France out of the European Union and the euro currency. Banks have requisitioned their staff to be at their desks through the night on Sunday to enable them to respond fast to the outcome.
Le Pen has pressed hard their anti-immigration, anti-globalisation message as they seek to mobilise voters.
As they prepared for the last big rally of their campaign in the Mediterranean city of Marseille, their camp became embroiled in an angry Twitter exchange with the European Commission.
Reacting to Le Pen's refusal to appear on France's TF1 television channel on Tuesday unless the EU's yellow-starred blue flag was removed, the Commission tweeted: "Proud of our flag, a symbol of unity, solidarity and harmony between the people of Europe. Let's not hide it."
Le Pen's deputy Florian Philippot fired back: "You'll see, we'll soon be sticking your oligarchic rag in the cupboard."
The election race for a successor to the deeply unpopular Francois Hollande has become increasingly tense as the gap between the leading candidates shrinks.
SECURITY IN FOCUS
The Cevipof poll of 11,601 people showed first round support for Le Pen falling 2.5 percentage points since early April to 22.5 percent and backing for Macron down 2 points to 23 percent.
Melenchon, a firebrand left-winger who has surged in recent weeks, was on 19 percent, while Fillon, whose campaign has been hurt by a financial scandal, received 19.5 percent of support.
Macron would win a head-to-head contest against National Front chief Le Pen, the poll showed.
Another poll, a daily survey by Opinionway, gave similar projections to Cevipof for the top candidates and projected Macron beating Le Pen in the May 7 second round by 65 percent to 35.
Abstention, a key factor adding to uncertainty over the outcome of the first round, was seen at 28 percent, Cevipof's survey found - near a record level that helped Marine's father, Jean-Marie Le Pen, make it to the runoff in 2002.
Another poll, conducted by BVA, showed Macron taking 24 percent of the vote in the first round, one point more than Le Pen, with Fillon and Melenchon tied on 19 percent.
The BVA poll showed abstentions at between 20 and 24 percent.
Fillon, 63, an ex-prime minister whose campaign was derailed by an embezzlement inquiry targeting him, their wife and two of their children, got last-minute public endorsements from ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy and ex-prime minister Alain Juppe - two men they beat to win the presidential ticket of their party, The Republicans.
Fillon, who says they are victim of a "dirty tricks" campaign, said in comments reported by Le Parisien newspaper that they would work to ensure France's institutions better protected the confidentiality of sensitive information.
For large parts of the campaign, sleaze allegations have overshadowed hot button themes like unemployment and how to revive France's sluggish economy.
However, security and tackling the threat posed by Islamist militants has returned to the fore after the arrest of two men in Marseille on Tuesday suspected of plotting an imminent attack.
The Paris prosecutor said on Tuesday that a video linked to the two Frenchmen and intercepted in early April had featured a machine gun placed on a table as well as a newspaper which had one of the presidential candidates on the front page.
A source close to the investigation said on Wednesday that the candidate featured on the newspaper cutting was Fillon.
France's internal intelligence agency had warned the main candidates of a threat, campaign officials said.
(Additional reporting by Matthias Blamont, Sudip Kar-Gupta, Ingrid Melander, Emmanuel Jarry, Sophie Louet and Maya Nikolaeva; Editing by Richard Lough and Adrian Croft)
Mario Draghi, President of the European Central Bank (ECB) speaks during a news conference at the ECB headquarters in Frankfurt April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
FRANKFURT The recovery of the euro zone's economy will stay on track this year although heightened political uncertainty around the globe is likely to persist, the president of the European Central Bank said in its annual report.
"Political uncertainty is likely to persist into 2017. But we remain confident that the economic recovery, buoyed by our monetary policy, will continue," Mario Draghi wrote in the report, published on Monday.
The ECB has cut its main policy rate to zero and has purchased bonds worth trillions of euros in the aftermath of the 2007-09 financial crisis.
The central bank has to decide later this year if it wants to wind down its money-printing from January, a policy action its critics - mainly in the bloc's powerhouse Germany - have long been asking for.
Draghi gave no hints about the ECB's future monetary policy steps in the annual report, but repeated that the central bank would stick to its mandate to maintain price stability in the 19-member currency union.
(Reporting by Andreas Framke; editing by Andrew Roche)
WASHINGTON, April 6 Seven U.S. Republican states carried by President Donald Trump would be among the hardest hit if a Republican-backed border adjustment tax became law as part of a broad tax reform, according to a report from conservative groups that oppose the tax.
The 15-page document, released on Thursday by the Koch-backed Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, warned that border adjustment's proposed 20 percent import tax would harm all 50 states, but identified 10 that could suffer the most because of their dependence on imports.
The report predicts harm to Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas -- all states Trump won in the 2016 presidential election. The list of hard-hit states also includes California, New Jersey and Illinois, carried by Democrat Hillary Clinton.
The report is the latest in a long-running assault on the centerpiece of a Republican tax reform plan, backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, from a network of groups associated with the billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch, who are major supporters of conservative political candidates and causes.
Opposition to the border adjustment tax, or BAT, from the Kochs and import-dependent industries suggests a rocky road ahead for Trump's next top priority: passing the biggest tax reform package since the Reagan era.
The Koch network also opposed Trump's failed healthcare legislation, pledging campaign support for conservative lawmakers who refused to vote for the bill last month.
BAT is already opposed by a number of Senate Republicans who could prevent its passage, should the House approve a tax reform bill that contains it. The Koch report's state-by-state breakdown could help reinforce opposition among House and Senate lawmakers.
The proposed tax would exempt U.S. export revenues from federal corporate tax but levy an implicit 20 percent tax on imports by preventing U.S. companies from deducting the cost of imported goods and supplies.
Koch organizations, including the brothers' privately held conglomerate Koch Industries, have warned that the border adjustment tax could devastate the U.S. economy by raising prices on consumer goods, including gasoline.
The groups made their assessment by comparing the value of each state's 2014 imports to its gross domestic product.
The Koch groups say they support tax reform but oppose BAT. Refineries owned by Koch Industries rely on oil imports from Canada.
(Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Lisa Shumaker)
(Reuters) - Wall Street extended losses on Friday after a round of weak earnings and on the back of robust payrolls data that sent the 10-year Treasury bond yield to its highest level in four years, vexing all three major U.S. stock indexes.
The Dow Jones industrial average was down 554 points or 2.12 percent, on track for its biggest fall since June 27 2016, an hour before the close. The S&P 500 was off 1.8 percent heading for its biggest fall since Sept. 9, 2016. The Nasdaq down almost 1.6 percent.
COMMENTS:
PETER COSTA, PRESIDENT, EMPIRE EXECUTIONS INC, NEW YORK, NEW YORK
“If you look at yields on a minute by minute basis the market does the opposite. It's more a correlation to yields than anything else, that in combination with the strong jobs report. The potential for a rate hike in March is probably around 90 percent. I think they're strongly looking at doing something very soon.”
“I think you're looking at inflation pressure and we're going to start seeing more of it. It has to do with wage inflation.”
MICHAEL O‘ROURKE, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST, JONESTRADING, GREENWICH, CONNECTICUT
“The key thing is Treasury yields keep rising, and they hit a new high here this afternoon. They tried to pull back around 12:30 and when that didn't work, they started rallying again,” .
“We had good economic in the jobs report this morning and that's just another reason rates should be going up.”
“One of the key mantras of the bull market has been stocks are inexpensive relative to bonds, and bonds are getting cheaper, especially at these highs. So people are taking profits and they probably should be.”
KEITH LERNER, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST, SUNTRUST ADVISORY SERVICES, ATLANTA
“In the big picture, we had a great January. A huge amount of money came into the market. The sentiment was getting a little frothy, and we were developing some complacency in the market. Now that complacency is coming out of the market. The catalyst is the employment report. Also, right now, the market is recalibrating to a greater Treasury level than it's used to.
“The Treasury yields are becoming more competitive with the stock market. Why yields are higher: it's a better economy, there are good corporate profits, there's more sales growth, more money to spend.”
DENNIS DICK, HEAD OF MARKETS STRUCTURE, BRIGHT TRADING LLC, VEGAS
“There's a little bit of panic here today. It could be the start of something bigger.”
“We've seen a pattern develop in a lot of stocks, companies getting sold off on their earnings reports.”
“Everything is an excuse to take profits right now. Its money managers riding this wave for a long time take chips off the table.”
ART HOGAN, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST AT WUNDERLICH SECURITIES IN NEW YORK
“It's Friday, once this heads in a direction nobody is going to get in the way. Unfortunately big numbers look much bigger when we haven't seen them in a year. What is really interesting is down 500 points was the crash of 1987. That was 22 percent, so it's hard to keep that in context.
TRACIE MCMILLION, HEAD OF GLOBAL ASSET ALLOCATION STRATEGY, WELLS FARGO INVESTMENT INSTITUTE, WINSTON-SALEM, NORTH CAROLINA
“We've had a really good year, but you can't continue at this pace. It may sound a little clichéd, but the weakness here is very welcome. I'd be more concerned if we went day after day without any of kind of pullback. It's good to see a little bit of caution come back into the market. But we don't see anything that's going to cause a significant bear market. If it's a 3.5 percent smooth down week, we'd be buyers. I think it's still a ‘buy the dips' kind of market.”
CHUCK CARLSON, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HORIZON INVESTMENT SERVICES, HAMMOND, INDIANA
“You had some bellwether stocks (Apple and Alphabet) that maybe had earnings that were a little disappointing that could have given this a little bit of a negative tone.”
“My sense is people are starting to really get increasingly uncomfortable with the rapid rise in interest rates that we have seen and the uncertainty of how that is actually going to start to play out relative to competition for stocks. The 10-year has really escalated here pretty sharply in terms of the yield. You are getting closer to that 3 percent 10-year rate that a lot of people think is going to be a significant development for the market.”
“You have a jobs report today that was pretty robust all kind of feeding into the higher interest rates, greater inflation story, and I think the markets are trying to grapple with that right now.”
PETER KENNY, SENIOR MARKET STRATEGIST, GLOBAL MARKETS ADVISORY GROUP, NEW YORK
“That is definitely the touchstone -- the fact that the 10-year yield has really moved so substantially higher in such a short period of time and that it is finally reflecting monetary policy. That there is a real link between the way markets are pricing interest rates and inflation and Fed monetary policy is a big deal because we really haven't seen that in quite some time.
”Frankly it's not a familiar feeling for investors because we haven't had it in a while. The big pop in the yield on the 10-year, coupled with the data that came out of the Atlanta Fed which spoke to the potential of a first quarter GDP number in the 5.4 percent area, which was so far outside the bell curve in terms of investor expectation and our most recent fourth quarter data, it was a bit of a jolt to the markets.
MARKET REACTION:
BONDS: The 2- US2YT=RR Treasury note yield eased to 2.1534 percent, while the 10-year US10YT=RR bond yield rose to 2.8540 percent, the highest since January 23, 2014.
FOREX: The dollar index .DXY was up 0.6 percent
VIX: The Cboe volatility index hit its highest since Nov. 2016, and was last at 17.6
A Cargill logo is pictured on the Provimi Kliba and Protector animal nutrition factory in Lucens, Switzerland, September 22, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
CHICAGO Global commodities trader Cargill Inc [CARG.UL] reported a higher quarterly profit on Wednesday as strong earnings from its food ingredients and protein units more than offset lagging results from South American grain trading and processing.
The privately held company has been streamlining its operations to focus on higher-margin businesses such as food ingredients and fish feeding business, aiming to bolster earnings and capitalize on consumer trends. The efforts have lifted results in recent quarters, according to Cargill.
"We had strong results this quarter across our segments, evidence that we are on the right path forward," Chief Executive Officer David MacLennan said in a release.
Cargill said adjusted operating earnings rose 50 percent to $715 million in the third quarter ended Feb. 28, from $476 million in the same quarter a year earlier.
Excluding one-time items, net income climbed to $650 million from $459 million a year earlier, while revenue rose 8 percent to $27.3 billion.
Food ingredients and applications results outperformed the previous year on improvement in global sweeteners and plant-based industrial products in North America.
Cargill's animal nutrition and protein unit also topped last year's weak third quarter as strong North American demand for beef and improved poultry sales in Europe and Southeast Asia bolstered results.
However, lower feed ingredients sales in South Korea, where avian influenza has wiped out thousands of poultry flocks, as well as in Russia and China dampened earnings.
Profit declined in the company's origination and processing segment, which makes money buying, selling, storing, shipping and processing crops.
Slow crop sales by farmers in Argentina and drought-reduced corn exports from Brazil weighed down profits, offsetting gains from robust grain exports from the United States, where farmers harvested record corn and soybean crops last autumn.
Rebounding ocean freight rates and stronger year-on-year energy and metals markets helped reverse last year's third-quarter loss for Cargill's industrial and financial services unit.
(Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
Augusta, GA. (WJBF)- The new innovation zone in downtown Augusta is set to open its doors during Masters week and now the founders are seeking tenants to fill the space.
The first floor will be home to 17,000 square feet of co-working space for entrepreneurs and millennials to connect with other creatives in the field of technology.
Co-founder Tommy Wafford says they want to give people looking for a creative outlet a space to work that will attract innovators and tech startups alike.
“If you're a graphic designer, videographer, or if you're a tech startup and you're just two guys and you need a desk or a hot desk where you can pick any desk, or you need dedicated space or even small offices we have that here on the first floor. On the 2nd floor if you're looking for a 1,000 to 4,000 square feet of really innovative office space we'll have that available if you're a team of 15 you can still find a home here.” Wafford said.
Anyone interested in becoming a tenant can attend an informational meeting on Thursday, March 2nd at 7pm.
The informational meeting will be at 1106 Broad Street at the MealViewer office.
For more information you can go to http://www.augustainnovationzone.com
FRIEDRICHSHAFEN, Germany, March 30 German engineering company and auto supplier ZF said it expects to achieve an adjusted operating margin of more than 6 percent and group sales of 36 billion euros ($38.65 billion) this year as it absorbs the acquisition of rival TRW.
ZF bought United States based auto supplier rival TRW in 2015, for $13.5 billion, boosting the Friedrichshafen, Germany-based company's sales and profits.
Last year, unlisted ZF's adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) rose 20 percent to 2.2 billion euros and group sales rose 21 percent to 35.2 billion euros, corresponding to an EBIT margin of 6.4 percent.
ZF said the company's performance was mainly due to "better operating performance and synergies leveraged by integrating TRW."
ZF was able to reduce its debt load by roughly 1.6 billion euros to 8.26 billion euros, thanks to a strong free cash flow of more than 2 billion euros, and further debt reduction remains a central target for 2017.
ZF on Thursday said it had bought a 45 percent stake in radar technology company Astyx. ($1 = 0.9314 euros) (Reporting by Edward Taylor; Editing by Harro ten Wolde)
Java library makes it possible to add gift card processing features to any app in hours instead of days or weeks.
Contact
Smart Transaction Systems
Sarah Miller
***@smarttransactions.com Smart Transaction SystemsSarah Miller
End
-- Smart Transaction Systems (STS), provider of innovative gift card & loyalty card solutions for merchants, has launched a new Java class library that dramatically reduces the amount of time that it takes for Java developers to add gift and/or loyalty capabilities to their software."As merchants seek simpler, more cost-effective POS solutions, Android tablets are rapidly replacing traditional, PC-based point-of-sale systems. We created the Java Gift Card Class Library so that POS software companies can quickly and efficiently provide their customers with an integrated gift card system that works online, as well was in stores," said Sarah Miller, Director of Marketing at STS."We've made the process simple and straightforward. Interested developers can request test credentials and we offer free technical support throughout the development process," continued Miller.In addition to point-of-sale applications, the Java Gift Card Class Library can be used by any Java developer writing software for any device that runs Java. The API manages communications, transaction processing and error checking. Developers simply pass the details of the gift card transaction to the library and read the response.Developers can learn more and request test credentials by visiting http://smarttransactions.com/ developers About Smart Transaction SystemsFounded in 1998, Smart Transaction Systems is a leader in stored-value technology, providing innovative stored-value card technology to over 10,000 businesses of all sizes across the country. We help our clients create modern gift and loyalty card programs by incorporating e-commerce capabilities across digital and mobile platforms. Our core focus is providing businesses with a complete suite of relevant, reliable tools for increasing profitability through card-based technology.
* Arsenal beat struggling West ham United 3-0
* Mesut Ozil opened the scoring with a curler after 58 minutes
* Theo Walcott doubled the home side's lead 10 minutes later
* Substitute Olivier Giroud sealed the win with a sublime third
* The defeat was free-falling West Ham's fifth in a row
* Arsenal visit Crystal Palace next, West Ham host Swansea City
ARSENAL 3 WEST HAM UNITED 0
April 5 Arsenal re-ignited their stuttering top-four challenge, climbing above Manchester United into fifth place, with a 3-0 home victory over West Ham United in the Premier League on Wednesday.
Rumours of a fan protest were well founded with many empty seats visible during an otherwise uneventful first hour which yielded few chances before Mesut Ozil curled in a 58th-minute opener.
Theo Walcott doubled the Gunners' advantage, finishing a slick passing move with a close-range finish 10 minutes later, before Olivier Giroud came off the bench and scored a sublime third to seal their side's second win in seven games.
Arsenal have 54 points from 29 games, while West Ham, who suffered a fifth straight loss, are 15th with 33 from 31.
(Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
Bristol Airport, one of UK´s fastest growing airports, is implementing a queue and flow management solution from Denmark-based BLIP Systems to help enhance the passenger experience and improve operational efficiency.
Willow- feature- and- seating
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Airport
• Technology
• Travel Industry:
• Travel Location:
• Bristol - Bristol - UK
Contact
BLIP Systems / Christian Carstens
***@blipsystems.com BLIP Systems / Christian Carstens
End
-- Passenger numbers exceeded the seven million milestones for the first time in Bristol Airport´s history in 2016. To ensure the passenger experience remains positive as volumes increase, the airport has enlisted the expertise of software specialists Gentrack to implement BLIP Systems´ BlipTrack Kerb-to-Gate Solution. The technology will provide the airport with a cohesive picture of guest experiences—from the moment they arrive, to when they leave, and everywhere in between.It will enable Bristol Airport management to retrieve both live and historical information about specific patterns, such as walking routes, entrance and exit usage and time spent in specific areas—such as car parks, check-in, security, lounges, gates and more. Managers will be provided with an understanding of how disruptions or changes affect standard behaviour, and how to optimise each and every area to operate optimally.As the solution collects data in real-time, it is able to provide early warning if congestion occurs. This rapid information allows the airport to take fast, proactive measures before the situation escalates.From a traveler's perspective, when the last phase of the central search development is complete the airport will be able to provide a positive travel experience by displaying accurate queue times on screens. This will allow passengers to reduce frustration by creating realistic wait time expectations.The solution consists of dedicated WiFi/Bluetooth sensors and a sophisticated analysis platform. Bristol Airport is able to extract any combination of data, both real-time and historically, to provide the desired output. For example, management can review how long a typical customer spends in the check-in area. This pattern can be averaged over a day, a week, a month, as well as for a specific carrier, destination, time of day and more.Paul Davies, Operations Director, Bristol Airport said: "We wanted to introduce a state-of-the-art technical solution to the challenges airports face in improving customer flow management in the terminal. We had very high expectations prior to the introduction of the system, and I am very happy to say that the outcome has proved very successful. The system has capabilities of further enhancements which will provide other long term solutions in the future.""To understand and improve individual areas of airport operations, it is important that the traveler's journey is seen as a single process, rather than as a string of isolated events. The understanding that all individual events influence each other is key to unlocking potential gains. Accurate flow and dwell time information helps to understand, optimize and improve airport process, and to maintain acceptable waiting times" says Christian Bugislaus Carstens, Marketing Manager at BLIP Systems."Airport queues are amongst the most frustrating passenger experiences during a journey. By implementing BlipTrack, Bristol Airport will be able to analyse the situation in real-time as well as predict any potential issues and act accordingly,"says Ilya Burkin, Business Development Manager at Gentrack.Bristol Airport joins a host of other UK airports, including Manchester, Dublin and Edinburgh, who are using the solution in optimisation efforts. BlipTrack is also deployed in the city of Portsmouth and the Port of Dover to help ease traffic woes. Internationally, more than 30 international airports use the Danish technology, including Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam, JFK Airport in New York, Copenhagen, Oslo, Brussels, Geneva, Cincinnati and Auckland. The solution is also implemented in road traffic in Thailand, Switzerland, New Zealand, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Canada and Ireland. In recent years, is having been rolled out in train stations in Holland, ski resorts in the US, amusement parks in the UK, and at events all over the world.Bristol Airport, serves the South West and Wales region of the UK. Bristol Airport has direct flights to 116 destinations and frequent daily services to major hubs including Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin and Frankfurt. In the third quarter of 2016, Bristol Airport was ranked number one in the UK by the customer satisfaction benchmarking program, Airport Service Quality (ASQ), and has been the UK's most punctual airport for the past two years according to league tables measuring on-time performance published by data specialist OAG.A major development program continues to enlarge and enhance passenger facilities, with a £24 million terminal extension set to be completed this winter. This includes a new security search area, the first phases of which are already streamlining the security process for departing passengers. A £2.3 million upgrade to the immigration hall will deliver improvements for arriving passengers, taking the number of passport control points from the current ten to a total of 17 when it opens in spring next year. This will also see the introduction of ten of the latest ePassport gates which provide a safe, secure and speedy alternative to the conventional border control process. A further £2.3 million will be invested in a new reception centre and other improvements to the popular Silver Zone car park, often the first experience of the Airport for many passengers. An onsite 201-bedroom hotel will be opened in Spring 2017.BLIP Systems is an information technology company with headquarters near Aalborg, Denmark. The company specialises in creating analytic tools to transform pedestrian and vehicular flow into value, and creating easy-to-interpret decision-making tools. Their BlipTrack solution helps decision makers in various verticals with visibility on how to reduce queue and commuting times, optimise staffing resources and revenue, and improve the traveler/guest experience.
Contact
Mo Sanchez
***@vitals.agency Mo Sanchez
End
-- Vitals Agency has just opened its doors to its exclusive content strategy workshop. They will be pulling back the curtain on their proprietary framework and educating attendees in a unique, limited seats, hands-on event. The workshop is taking place at their headquarters at 8765 West Kelton Lane in Peoria on Saturday February 25th.Social media has forever changed the marketing game. Businesses these days not only need a marketing plan but a content strategy to effectively bring customers into a sales funnel. Without a content strategy, any sales machine starves.The need is simple: a content strategy is essential for effective leads generation. It empowers companies to produce and distribute high quality content that is timely, effective, educational, engaging thereby getting customers emotionally involved in the consumption of a brand's products and services.Recent research by Ascend2 has shown that 72% of marketers cited relevant content creation as the most effective SEO tactic, but distributing that content is just as crucial as creating it. The Vitals Agency content strategy framework brings these pieces together to generate maximum impact.Whether you are a chief marketing officer, social media manager or entrepreneur, this workshop is right for you. You can take this 20K framework and use it for your business or to provide additional value for your customers. No matter what, the skills you will be gaining in this workshop will be invaluable to your business regardless of size.Secure your spot now before while seats are available: https://www.eventbrite.com/ e/content-strategy- workshop-in...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's that time of year - when you decide you've had your last cigarette.
Sure, you said the same last year and the year before, but this time you're quitting.
Without question, giving up smoking is the best thing any smoker can do for their health - as around half will die from the deadly addiction.
On average, smokers die on average 10 years earlier than non-smokers with greater likelihood of contracting lung cancer, heart attacks and strokes.
The sooner smoking is given the boot, the sooner the body can begin to repair itself.
One of the scariest aspects of quitting smoking can be the unknown of what will happen and this often puts people off trying to be smoke-free in the first place.
What happens to the body
(Photo: Western Mail Archive)
The human body is an amazing thing. Just 20 minutes after that last cigarette, it begins to recover.
Nicotine, the addictive chemical in smoking, acts as a stimulant and gives that all-important ‘kick'.
Not long after the last puff of smoke, heart rate and blood pressure return to normal following this high.
Eight hours
This is the testing time when most smokers reach for another cigarette.
The effects of withdrawal are strong as nicotine leaves the bloodstream and cravings start to happen.
One day
Anxiety and ‘stress' levels peak. The feeling of stress associated with quitting smoking isn't usually stress – it's a sign of withdrawal.
That's why it's untrue that smoking de-stresses, it's just feeding a craving.
In fact, research shows non- and ex-smokers feel less stressed than smokers.
Two to three days
(Photo: Pic: Yui Mok/PA Wire)
If you decide to go ‘cold turkey' there's no nicotine left in the body but it'll take a while to adjust to this new feeling. Using nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) such as gum, patches or e-cigarettes supplies the body with nicotine and allows smokers to wean themselves off smoking gently, making it easier to quit cigarettes.
Taste and smell receptors are given the chance to heal, meaning food will never have tasted so good!
One week
Making it one week smoke-free means quitters are over the worst of it.
It's perfectly normal to think about smoking regularly – it's now a case of mind over matter as the body no longer physically craves tobacco.
Many quitters experience a nasty cough, but this is perfectly normal – it's the lungs' way of clearing themselves as much as they can.
Two weeks
Blood circulation, especially to the gums and teeth, returns to normal levels, the same as a non-smoker.
Now that the mouth isn't being bombarded with smoke, tissue damaged by gum disease can recover.
One month
Withdrawals can range from anger, anxiety, insomnia and mild depression, but by month one these feelings should have subsided. If not, a trip to the GP is recommended. Quitters who make it to four weeks smoke-free are five times more likely to stay smoke-free for good.
Two months
The risk of heart attack risk has started to drop. With lung function improving too, climbing the stairs gets that little bit easier each day.
Three months
(Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Walking long distances is a lot easier now. Any bad coughs should have disappeared, but if not, being seen by a doctor is imperative as it can be a sign of something more sinister.
Six months
Any tiredness and shortness of breath will be a thing of the past.
9 'superfoods' you'll buy in January that you probably won't again in the whole of 2017
Cilia, air sacs in the lungs, have re-grown and healed some of the damage caused by smoking, but the lungs will never be 100% healthy.
One year
(Photo: PA)
Ex-smokers are 50% less likely to have a heart attack, heart disease or a stroke within just one year of quitting.
Five years
Diabetes is an illness long-term smokers can develop. Make it five years smoke-free and the risks of it occurring are the same a non-smoker.
Five to 10 years
Amazing! The risk of having a stroke is now the same as that of a non-smoker. Smoke makes blood sticky and hard to move around the body and that's why smokers are much more likely to have a stroke.
10 years
(Photo: PA Photo/thinkstockphotos)
Lung cancer is the biggest risk to a smoker's life. Within 10 years of quitting, the chance of death from lung cancer is half that of a smoker. The risk from other cancers such as mouth and pancreatic have reduced significantly.
Post-10 years
When smoking, the heart works harder to pump smoke-ridden blood and this leads to increased risk of heart attacks and disease. After 10 years smoke-free, the risk of heart disease is the same as a non-smoker.
SOCHI, Russia, April 28 Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in the first Russian Grand Prix practice on Friday with fellow Finn Valtteri Bottas close behind for Formula One champions Mercedes.
Raikkonen, who has not stood on the podium since last July and has scored half the points taken by teammate and championship leader Sebastian Vettel this season, lapped in one minute 36.074 seconds.
Vettel, chasing their third win in four races for resurgent Ferrari, suffered a spin but was fifth fastest with Red Bull's Max Verstappen fourth on a sunny morning with snowy mountains as a backdrop.
Bottas was a mere 0.045 slower than their compatriot with teammate Lewis Hamilton, Vettel's closest rival, third fastest but 0.607 slower than Raikkonen after going off the track several times.
Sochi's street circuit, winding around the landmark venues of the 2014 Olympic Park, has favoured Mercedes since its debut three years ago with the champions leading every lap of every race there.
Triple champion Hamilton won in 2014 and 2015 with now-retired teammate Nico Rosberg triumphant last year on their way to the title.
Raikkonen and Bottas also have good records in Sochi, however, with the 2007 world champion finishing third last year and the latter taking the first fastest lap of their Formula One career in 2014 when they also came third for Williams.
"As a team I think we've come a long way from the last few years," Raikkonen had told reporters on Thursday. "Yes, there are still things that we have to improve all the time and do better but that's the same with everybody.
"Are we at the same level as them (Mercedes)? I don't know. It's not far off, let's put it that way."
While Finns topped the timesheet, another flying fin briefly halted the session.
Force India's Esteban Ocon brought out the red flags when the engine cover, with its distinctive 'shark fin', flew off the car.
Russian reserve Sergey Sirotkin replaced Germany's Nico Hulkenberg at Renault for the session but the car broke down on track before they could do a timed lap and was pushed off by marshals. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Three die, several injured in separate road accidents
The month of February was off to deadly start with the passing of three persons in separate accidents across the coast, the Guyana Police Force said.
Dead are 50-year old Vishnu Deonarine of Plantation Hope, Bath, West Coast Berbice; 25-year old Allana Ramsarran of 269 BB, Eccles, East Bank Demerara and 68-year old Winston Williams of Williamsburg, Corentyne, Berbice.
In addition to Ramsarran, several other persons were injured and rushed to hospitals for emergency treatment as a result of an accident Saturday, February 3, 2018 at about 6:30 AM on the Schoonard Public Road, West Coast Demerara.
The accident involved a minibus, BTT 3118, driven by Ramkumar Persaud of 3909 Westminster, West Bank Demerara and motorcar PWW 972 driven by Ramsarran. Investigators were told that the vehicles were travelling in opposite directions when the car swerved suddenly into their path, resulting in a collision.
The injured drivers were rushed to the West Demerara Regional Hospital where Ramsarran, a mother of one, was pronounced dead on arrival. The bus driver and passengers were treated.
Roneta Paul,36 of 267 Retch-door-Zee, West Bank Demerara and 50-year old Fizan Mohammed were transferred to the Georgetown Hospital for further treatment. A
Admitted to the West Demerara Regional Hospital are Safraz Mohammed ,24 of 172 Retch-door-Zee; Anita Mohan,32 of 72 Retch-door-Zee;Alvin Edmond,59 and their wife Rhonda Edmond of 206 Schoonard ,West Bank Demerara ; Leon La Rose,30 of 206 Onderneeming,West Bank Demerara and Alisha Allicock ,28 of 167 Onderneeming ,West Bank Demerara.
Deonarine, a pedestrian, was killed Friday night at about 9:30 at Plantation Hope, Bath when they were struck by a car, PSS 918, that was reportedly speeding. The driver of Canefield, Canje, East Bank Berbice told police that they were blinded by on coming lights of a vehicle which was proceeding in the opposite direction when they suddenly struck a pedestrian down.
“As a result of the impact the pedestrian received injuries about this body they were picked up in an unconscious state and taken to Fort Wellington hospital where they were pronounced dead on arrival by the doctor on duty,” police said.
The driver, who was not under the influence of alcohol, was arrested and their car lodged at the Fort Wellington Police Station.
At Williamsburg, Corentyne, Saturday morning at about 6:30, a car driven by a 47-year old man of Canal Place, South Ruimveldt Gardens, Georgetown, was speeding westward when the pedal cyclist, Winston Williams, suddenly rode out from Dr Tulsie Street and was struck down. “He was picked up in an unconscious state and taken to Port Moruant Hospital where they were pronounced dead on arrival .The driver was arrested,” police said.
The driver was not under the influence of alcohol.
Dear Diary,
I chickened out. I am typing the diary due to the dark circles under my eyes. I had a great week with family and friends and it is showing on my face. In lieu of a video I will post a pic of the new hair. I love Candice at Prima Salon. They did a fantastic job.
My dad and their wife got into town last Saturday. We had lunch at The Fireside, then browsed the shops along NW 23rd. It was an early night since they had been up since 5 am Eastern time.
Sunday, we went to the Pittock Mansion. It was gorgeous. We were going to do the Rose Garden after that, but it was just too crowded. We opted for the new casino, Ilani. It was a blast and the food at Michael Jordan's restaurant was superb.
Huber's was a necessary stop. And my dad got a kick out of watching all of the people in line at Voodoo Donuts.
There was so much more we wanted to do, but we just ran out of time. We did find this cool dive in our hood called the Skyline Tavern. What a fun, funky place with a terrific view. It was so great to see them and their visit passed by way too quickly. The only thing missing was my sister and their man.
My friend, Whitney, came in town this past weekend.  They are in Seattle now, but they got this great job in Phoenix.  They are moving in a couple of weeks. I'm so glad we had a chance to see each other before they left. I am so happy for her, but selfishly I wish they aren't leaving.
I love my job, I was not even sad to see vacation end.
I am so blessed.
Talk to you tomorrow,
Corey
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
English Football Association chairperson Greg Clarke has lambasted David Moyes after the Sunderland manager told a female reporter that they "might get a slap even though you're a woman" for questions asked in an interview last month.
Moyes, who is facing a possible FA sanction, has come under fierce criticism after the conversation, filmed on a mobile phone following Sunderland's 0-0 home draw against Burnley on March 18, was published by a tabloid newspaper.
"It was regrettable, it was distasteful, and I think it showed a complete lack of respect. And we in the game stand for respect," Clarke told reporters at the UEFA Congress in Helsinki.
"There's a professional woman trying to do a job -- and not an easy job -- and she's asking appropriate questions in a respectful manner, and I think they deserve respectful responses, not responses like that."
Former Everton and Manchester United manager Moyes, whose side are rooted to the bottom of the Premier League, later apologised to the reporter, who did not make a complaint.
"I think it's doubly bad to use such a term to a woman because there is a lot of violence against women in society and terms like that aren't just disrespectful," Clarke added.
"I think they are bad examples... I'm sure that David Moyes regrets that it happened."
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
A DUP councillor has accused Sinn Fein of “politicising children and their safety” after road safety signs carrying slogans written in Irish, and the party's logo, were erected in Glenavy.
Red signs with road safety messages such as ‘SLOW' and ‘CHILDREN CROSSING', written in English and Irish, and the Sinn Fein logo underneath, have appeared on lampposts and telegraph poles in the village in recent days - a move Alderman James Tinsley claims will damage community relations in the area.
Causing controversy: One of the Sinn Fein signs erected in Glenavy village.
Alderman Tinsley, the leader of the DUP group on Lisburn and Castlereagh City Council, said a number of the signs have been erected “at the entrances to the village and near the Protestant Hall and Methodist Church on the Main Street.”
They posted pictures of some of the signs on Twitter along with the message: “Very disappointed that SF has politicised children and their safety in this way. As a councillor for the area I can confirm I have reported this to road service and asked them to take immediate action.”
Speaking to the Ulster Star, they said: “If they want to reduce the speed of cars driving through the village and take steps to improve pedestrian safety then I am all for that, but there are ways of going about things and this isn't it.
“I raised this matter with Roads Service last night and they have told me that these signs are illegal and will have to be taken down.
Alderman James Tinsley, DUP
“This is very clearly political. It is a PR stunt and they are using children to do it.”
Stressing that no-one from Sinn Fein has approached them about road safety concerns in the village, Alderman Tinsley added: “A number of prominent nationalists in the area have contacted me to express their disgust at the erection of these signs.
“There are good relations in village and they feel this is trying to hype things up and will be damaging to community relations within the village.”
The Ulster Star contacted Sinn Fein about the signs, but there had been no response from the party at the time of publication.
A spokesperson for the Department for Infrastructure confirmed that the signs are illegal and said Sinn Fein have agreed to have them removed.
“Local officials have been advised that signs were erected in Glenavy as part of a road safety awareness week in conjunction with the local Sinn Fein constituency office,” the spokesperson said.
“As the signs are not prescribed under the Traffic Signs Regulations (Northern Ireland) 1997 they are illegal and should be removed.
“DFI Roads has contacted Sinn Fein this morning and they have agreed to have these signs be removed.”
ACCRA, March 31 Ghana sold 3.42 billion cedis ($790 million) worth of bids for a debut 15-year domestic bond issued on Friday, and it will pay a yield of 19.75 percent, lead arrangers said. The West African oil, gold and cocoa exporter also accepted 1.45 billion cedis worth of bids ($335 mln) for a concurrent 7-year local bond at a yield of 19.75 percent as part of renewed efforts to use longer maturities to rebalance its finances.
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing their car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn their car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," they tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which they said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," they said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" they admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
They told the newspaper that they don't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In their opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on their claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke their permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked their permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of their speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend their demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." They added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," they said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
UNITED NATIONS Nikki Haley has made a tough-talking debut as U.S. President Donald Trump's envoy to the United Nations but their counterparts on the powerful Security Council are waiting to see if that will translate into policies differing from those of the Obama administration on crises from South Sudan and Somalia to Yemen and North Korea.
Although Haley is one of the few veteran politicians in Trump's Cabinet, their diplomatic prowess is facing an early test as they represent an administration with policies that are unclear and top foreign policy posts that are empty.
"There's only two subjects where there is some kind of determined policy: the Middle East and also (U.N.) budget cuts, especially peacekeeping," said a senior council diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Haley assumes the monthly presidency of the 15-member council in April, adding to the challenge as the Trump administration moves to slash U.S. financial support for the world body. (For a graphic on U.N. peacejkeeping missions: click tmsnrt.rs/2njibAp)
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has kept a low profile, leaving the former Republican governor of South Carolina as the face of U.S. foreign policy after Trump himself.
"She's establishing for themselves quite a lot of leeway in terms of pursuing things the way they want to pursue them here in New York," said a second senior Security Council diplomat.
But the diplomat said that on Iran and North Korea: "The tone might be just slightly tougher, but the substance is almost identical (to the previous administration)."
Haley has said that while it would be difficult to reimpose sanctions on Iran that were removed under a 2015 deal with world powers to curb Tehran's nuclear program, the United States is "going to watch them like a hawk." The Trump administration is reviewing how to handle a North Korea that continues to press its missile and nuclear weapons programs despite UN sanctions.
"The problem is the whole administration is still in the making. They don't have many officials who are responsible for policy," said the first senior diplomat. "There's a huge difference between what they want and what they do."
While Trump pledged to build closer ties with Moscow when they took office on Jan. 20, Haley has followed in the footsteps of their predecessor, President Barack Obama's envoy Samantha Power, in confronting Russia over its seizure of Crimea and for protecting Syria's government from council action.
"On Russia handling, there's been a lot of speculation about different views from members of the administration, but ... they have been at the tough end of the spectrum, and has now done that on multiple occasions," the second diplomat said.
'NEW SHERIFF'
Haley appears set for a clash with Russia and China over their plans to hold a council meeting in April on human rights.
"It will be very telling if any country tries to block this debate," Haley told the Council on Foreign Relations in New York on Wednesday.
Moscow and Beijing say rights discussions should be confined to the Geneva-based U.N. Human Rights Council, which Washington has threatened to quit unless its agenda drops what a senior State Department official has called an "obsession with Israel."
Haley said this week that during their first two months they dampened "Israel-bashing" at the United Nations by preventing a Palestinian from being appointed U.N. envoy to Libya and demanding U.N. chief Antonio Guterres withdraw a report accusing Israel of imposing an "apartheid regime" on Palestinians.
"For anyone that says you can't get anything done at the U.N., they need to know there's a new sheriff in town," they told a conference of the largest U.S. pro-Israel lobbying group on Monday.
"There is a gap between their tough public posturing, designed for domestic consumption, and their positions within the U.N. ... They will have to close this visible gap," said a third Security Council diplomat.
Another priority for Haley is reviewing all 16 U.N. peacekeeping missions to cut costs, and plans to hold a council meeting on the issue in April. Washington is the top contributor, paying 28.5 percent of the $7.9 billion annual peacekeeping budget.
"So far we don't have a very clear idea of how that is going to play out," said a fourth Security Council diplomat.
"She has underwhelmed us here at the U.N. for the simple reason that hard-line statements have come from Washington about cutting funding," said a senior U.N. diplomat who is not a member of the Security Council. "People are waiting and watching."
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Igando(Lagos State) – After five years of marriage, a 35 -year-old business person, Mrs Bilikisu Azeez, has approached an Igando Customary Court in the Lagos suburb, asking for the dissolution of the marriage.
They claimed on Monday that their husband, Olushesi, starved them of sex for the past two years, making them fall ill frequently.
“My husband has been starving me of sex. Since they married their youngest wife, they have turned me into an abandoned property.
“I have been falling sick, in and out of hospital.In my last visit to the hospital, I was told that my frequent sickness was because I have not had sex for long.
“Please court, divorce the union so that I can move on with my life. My body is not a wood nor a stone.”
The petitioner said that their husband denies care to them and the only child of the marriage.
“My husband does not take care of me, I feed and clothe myself.
“He refuses to enrol in school our only child who is over four-year-old and always refuses to pay medical bill whenever the boy is sick.
“I always run to my mother to get the funds to settle the medical bill.”
Bilikisu also accused their husband of battery. They said they once beat them in public and they fainted.
They said that trouble started since the day their husband brought in the third wife.
“There was joy, love and peace in the house when it was only I, my husband, their first wife, and the children.
“The new wife always fights me and curses my child.”
Olushesi did not deny the allegation of sex starvation, but blamed Bilikisu for being the architect of their problem.
The respondent said that their wife once denied them sex and since then they abandoned them
“Yes, I starved them of sex. It is tit-for-tat. There was a day I entered their room to sleep with her, they left the bed to sleep on the floor.
“I made an attempt eight times to sleep with her, but they refused. Since that day, I just put them aside, after all they are not the only wife I have.”
The 45-year-old building contractor said that they used to care for their child and wife. They claimed being responsible for the foodstuffs bought at home.
They consented to the dissolution of the marriage and urged the court to grant their wife their wish as they were no longer interested in the marriage.
The court president, Mr Akin Akinniyi, after listening to the estranged couple advised them to reconcile and maintain peace.
Akinniyi, adjourned the case until April 12 for judgment.(NAN).
(Adds share performance, background throughout)
São Paulo, April 10 Lojas Riachuelo SA plans to launch an e-commerce division later this month, signaling efforts by the Brazilian apparel retailer to revive sales amid the country's worst recession on record.
In a statement on Monday, Riachuelo said it spent 28 million reais ($9 million) on the online commerce unit, which is expected to offer Riachuelo's 15,000 items available across its brick and mortar stores. Riachuelo is controlled by Guararapes Confecções SA.
According to analysts, online channels have allowed rival Lojas Renner SA to outperform peers in recent years.
Riachuelo's late arrival to e-commerce has allowed the company to design a business model more likely to succeed, online head Jonas Ferreira was quoted by the statement as saying, noting that e-commerce and the chain's 291 stores will work hand in hand.
Common shares of Guararapes rose 2.5 percent to 82 reais on Monday, extending this year's gains to 36 percent.
Online retailers have been outperforming traditional brick and mortar chains in Brazil, with sales rising 7.4 percent as order volumes were roughly flat, data from consultancy Ebit showed.
Sales volumes at traditional retailers fell 6.2 percent over the same period, according to national statistics agency IBGE.
($1 = 3.1359 reais) (Reporting by Paula Arend Laier; Writing by Tatiana Bautzer; Editing by Richard Chang and Sandra Maler)
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - Michael celebrated their 3rd birthday at Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital, the pediatric unit of Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood, Fla.
Their mom said they first got a rash and complained of joint pain. Then they had a fever. Eventually tests showed the toddler was infected with an aggressive form of the flu.
"Michael had a lot of what we call 'end organ disease.' It affected their neurological status, it affected their heart," Dr. Allan Greissman said. "It affected their kidneys, it affected their lungs and it affected their liver."
Greissman said Michael is recovering, but Dylan Winnick was not so lucky. The 12-year-old from West Palm Beach is among the 53 other children who have died of the flu around the nation. The Centers for Disease Control had bad news again Friday. The flu season has intensified and there are more weeks of suffering ahead.
One of every 14 visits to doctors and clinics were for fever, cough and other symptoms of the flu. That's the highest level since the swine flu pandemic in 2009. Last week, 42 states reported high patient traffic for the flu, up from 39.
Hospital stays because of the flu also increased.
"It's been the busiest I can remember for a long time," said Dr. Doug Olson, an ER doctor at Northside Hospital Forsyth, in Cumming, Georgia. Another hospital in the Atlanta area this week set up a mobile ER outside to handle flu cases.
The heavy flu season has also put a strain in places on some medical supplies, including IV bags, and flu medicine.
The CDC tally shows hospitalization rates surged to surpass the nasty season of the winter of 2014-2015, when the vaccine was a poor match to the main bug.
So far, however, deaths this season from the flu and flu-related pneumonia have lagged a little behind some recent bad seasons. There are as many as 56,000 deaths connected to the flu during a bad year.
The flu usually peaks in February. This season had an early start, and health officials initially thought it would also have an early peak. But so far it hasn't worked out that way.
And there are some signs the flu season will continue to get worse. The CDC's forecast though wasn't quite as precise as Punxsutawney Phil's; the groundhog “predicted” six more weeks of winter on Friday.
As for the flu: “There may be many weeks left for this season,” said the CDC's Dr. Dan Jernigan.
Some good news: Illnesses seem to be easing a bit on the West Coast. Oregon joined Hawaii last week as the only states where flu wasn't widespread. Friday's report covers the week ending Jan. 27.
In the U.S., annual flu shots are recommended for everyone age 6 months or older. This season's vaccine targets the strains that are making Americans sick, including the key H3N2 virus. How well it worked won't be known until later this month. An early report from Canada for the same flu shot shows protection against that bug has been poor, just 17 percent.
Canada's flu season so far has been milder with more of a mix of strains. But CDC officials said effectiveness figures in the U.S. may end up in the same range.
Some researchers say part of the problem may be that most flu vaccine is made by growing viruses in chicken eggs; the viruses can mutate in the eggs, making the vaccine less effective in people.
The cold winter in many parts of the country may also have played a role, keeping people indoors and helping flu bugs to spread, said Dr. David Weber, a University of North Carolina flu expert.
Whatever the reason, “it's a whopper of a flu season,” said Mimi Dreifuss, a North Carolina nurse who got sick this week.
Dreifuss, 61, worked in a pediatrician's office for years and didn't catch the flu. They retired last year and didn't get a flu shot figuring they were no longer around sick children. This week they had a 101 temperature and was diagnosed with the flu.
“I'm feeling kind of foolish,” said Dreifuss, of Bynum, North Carolina.
In Pensacola, Florida, an ER nurse's Facebook rant after a 12-hour shift got attention this week, with their venting about people not doing enough to stop the spread of germs. They demonstrate the “magic trick” of sneezing or coughing into the crook of an arm.
They also complain about people without true emergencies crowding into waiting rooms, next to people with the flu.
"So guess what? Five flus came in, 15 flus walk out. It's great," says Katherine Lockler. "They'll be back."
Joanne Oxces said they were happy to learn Michael will be released from the hospital soon, but after the frightening experience they said they had some advise for South Florida residents.
"You need your flu shot you need to wash your hands, cover your mouth, stay home when you're sick you don't want to be here in the hospital for three weeks," Oxces said.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Car Models of Braidwood
Contact
Car Models of Braidwood
***@bigpond.com Car Models of Braidwood
End
-- Car Models of Braidwood has announced that they have expanded their selection of diecast cars both on their website and in their physical shop. This expansion of diecast cars adds to the already gigantic selection of model cars that they have been offering customers for years now.Diecast cars are scale models of many different models of actual cars. These diecast model cars are scaled either 1:18 or 1:43, and the selection of cars that Car Models of Braidwood offers has something for everyone. Diecast model cars are popular with racing fans, model car collectors, and classic car fans alike.Car Models of Braidwood has been selling high-quality diecast model wcj cars in Braidwood in NSW for nearly two decades. They are a name that is known in the business for providing a huge selection of all of the most popular brands at affordable prices. Founded by Daniel Parsons eighteen years ago, the company is family owned and operated, providing their customers with excellent service in person and over the internet. New and repeat customers have found their selection and service to be one of the best in the business, providing a selection of all of the top brands.Collectors can check out the expanded selection of diecast cars online by visiting carmodels.com.au. Collectors who would prefer to visit the physical shop in person to get a good look at all of the cars in the collection can visit its location at Shop 4, The Village Terrace, Batemans Bay Rd, Braidwood, NSW or their website here https://www.carmodels.com.au . To contact the company directly, collectors should feel free to visit their website to send an email.Car Models of Braidwood can also be reached by phone by dialing (02) 4842 1122. The shop is open from 9 AM to 5 PM on every day except for Thursday.
ROH World Tag Team Champions The Briscoes will take on The Young Bucks at ROH Best in the World in Baltimore, Maryland on June 29. Jay and Mark Briscoe won the titles back in March at ROH 16th Anniversary PPV against The Motor City Machine Guns.
Below is the updated card:
* Dalton Castle (c) vs. Cody vs. Marty Scurll (ROH World Championship)
* The Briscoes (c) vs. The Young Bucks (ROH World Tag Team Championship)
Also announced for the PPV is KUSHIDA and Stardom's Kagetsu and Hazuki. As of this writing, opponents have yet to be announced.
* HK starts China bond futures trade
* First day trading lukewarm
* Volumes seen to rise gradually (Updates trading activity, fresh comments)
By Saikat Chatterjee and Michelle Chen
HONG KONG, April 10 Chinese government debt futures got off to a slow start in Hong Kong on Monday as offshore investors, trading the world's third's biggest bond market for the first time, grappled with some operational issues and contract limits.
Foreign investors are expected to slowly embrace the new access to mainland China's $9.5 trillion bond market, behind only the United States and Europe in size.
"It will take awhile for investors, especially non-Asian investors to gain familiarity with the market, trading behaviour, as well as operational aspects of bond settlement," said Desmond Fu, Asian fixed income portfolio manager at Western Asset Management.
Just over 100 contracts for front-month China bond futures were traded on Monday in Hong Kong, according to Thomson Reuters data. That is a tiny amount when compared to the more than 120,000 trades in three-year Korean treasury bond futures on the same day.
Hong Kong's front-month futures contract on five-year China bonds was bid at 99.09 and offered at 99.24 as of 5:10 p.m. (0910 GMT), according to Thomson Reuters data.
The slow start was partly a result of trading constraints, such as a position limit of 10 billion yuan ($1.45 billion) on net futures contracts, said Frances Cheung, head of rates strategy, Asia ex-Japan at Société Générale in Hong Kong.
The contract size for the bond futures is 500,000 yuan ($72,457) each.
"We are still studying if we need to open an account in the exchange or do it via other institutions," said a trader at a Chinese bank in Hong Kong.
MANAGING RISK
Offshore bond futures are seen as a tool for investors to manage their interest rate risk, and to take an indirect position on China's booming onshore bond market.
Volumes in China's bond futures market has exploded in recent months. The market was re-launched in September 2013, nearly two decades after a multi-billion-yuan trading scandal led to its closure in 1995.
Unlike its equity or FX market counterparts, bond investors typically use swap contracts to hedge their interest rate risk.
Chinese policymakers have recently allowed some large investors access to the onshore market for hedging purposes, which has reduced activity in offshore debt futures.
Foreign investor participation may also be limited by concerns over the protracted yuan weakness and the difficulty of repatriating funds across the border.
In December, China's bond market suffered a punishing selloff amid concerns over a liquidity squeeze and a mounting debt load that had its origins in speculative and unproductive investments.
Last month, some of the world's biggest index compilers, such as Citigroup and Bloomberg, took the first steps to include Chinese debt in their indexes, while Premier Li Keqiang has said China was considering linking the Hong Kong and the mainland debt markets this year. ($1 = 6.9060 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Additional reporting by Umesh Desai; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Randy Fabi)
BRIEF-Taiji Computer says dividend payment date on June 21
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 20
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Yorks coffee and pizza shop in the Ikon Gallery
New restaurant Wildwood opens in New Street
Reporter James Rodger with the new shrunk Hula Ho
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We have more authentic Thai food in Birmingham then you might initially think.
We love the restaurants in the Balti Triangle and Chinatown, but our Thai restaurants are a little bit more scattered around and can be found in the most surprisingly places.
The Metro Bar and Grilll once beloved of Colmore Row's business crowd underwent an incredible transformation in summer 2016 to become glamorous Thai restaurant Zen at Metro.
And over in the unlikely surroundings of the Aston Expressway, there are Thai chefs working in the kitchen at the Grade II-listed pub the Barton Arms.
Our love of all food Thai meant that when Thai Edge in Brindleyplace closed earlier this year it was replaced by Siamais, a restaurant and bar with a wonderfully Gothic interior serving up Thai delights.
Read our list of the Thai places you need to try.
Sabai Sabai
(Photo: Sabai Sabai)
Sabai Sabai (meaning “relax and chill”) was the brainchild of Jureerat Dykins and their partner Torquil Chidwick.
The successful Moseley restaurant was followed by a larger second branch in Harborne and both have gained a loyal following.
The chefs here are not afraid of their spices so if you can't take the heat let them know when you order.
We recommend the Kao Pode Tord sweetcorn cakes, the Tom Yam Goong hot and sour soup and the Weeping Tiger sirloin steak on the sizzling platter menu.
Read our review here.
25 Woodbridge Road, Moseley, B13 8EH and 268 High Street, Harborne, B17 9PT
Oaka at The Bartons Arms
In the unlikely surroundings of the Aston Expressway, this Thai restaurant is housed in the former smoking room of a stunning Grade II-listed pub that dates back to 1901 and was based on Aston Hall.
Their homemade sauces are a winner - bursting with flavours of chilli, ginger, lemongrass, peanuts and tamarind.
And the real bonus of this restaurant is that you can enjoy your dinner with a top quality beer from the bar (look out for ales from Oakham and local brewery Sacre Brew).
They also do a vegetarian set menu.
Read our review here.
144 High St, Aston, Birmingham, B6 4UP
Buddha Belly
Sai Deethwa has Thai street food in their blood. Inspired by the cooking of their mum, Niang, from the age of five, Sai helped their grandma cook street food in the province of Surin, near the Cambodian border.
Now, with their partner, James, Sai runs one of Birmingham's most successful street food ventures.
The former Masterchef contestant won the Midlands heat of last year's British Street Food Awards as well as being crowned The People's Choice winner at the 2016 British Street Food Awards hosted by Digbeth Dining Club.
Try the Pork panang, a red curry dish made from pork shoulder with finely sliced kaffir lime leaves. Buddha Belly can be found at Brum's street food markets events.
Birmingham to get THIRD regular street food venue
Chaophraya
This chain run by The Thai Leisure Group opened in Birmingham's Bullring restaurant back in 2011.
It's a large restaurant over two floors serving dishes such as steamed mussels, jungle fish curry with enoki mushrooms and crispy pork belly with Thai basil.
Saint Martins Square, Spiceal Street, Bullring, B5 4BW.
Zen at Metro
(Photo: Chrissie Savvas)
The Metro Bar and Grill in Birmingham has been transformed into Zen at Metro restaurant and cocktail bar after a £500,000 facelift. On the modern Thai menu featuring dishes including Black Cod, Thai marinated salmon and rice, as well as soups and noodles.
73 Cornwall Street, B3 2DF
Siamais
(Photo: Publicity picture)
There is a new eatery in Oozells Square replacing the former Thai Edge. Siamais Thai restaurant and bar is managed by the owners of Aluna bar in The Mailbox. The place serves up a menu of Thai delights such as pad thai noodles and massaman curry.
7 Oozells Street, Brindleyplace, B1 2HS. Tel: 0121 643 3993
Pad Thai
(Photo: Pettiiiii on Instagram)
If you want a serenade with your supper this is the place.
The restaurant's lounge and side rooms are given over to karaoke, making it a super popular choice for group meals.
The menu is a jumble of Thai, Malaysian, Mongolian and Szechuan, with a couple of Japanese influences making an appearance, too.
86 Holloway Head, Birmingham, B1 1NB
* Dollar index pulls further away from 4-1/2-month lows
* Prospects of ECB moving away from easy policy tempered for now
* Pound drifts sideways after Britain's triggering of Article 50
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, March 30 The dollar hovered near a one-week high against a basket of currencies on Thursday, buoyed by a weaker euro which sagged as prospects of the European Central Bank stepping away from monetary easing faded.
The U.S. currency was up 0.1 percent at 111.195 yen, putting some distance between a four-month low of 110.110 plumbed on Monday.
The euro was a touch lower at $1.0760, having drifted down from a 4-1/2-month high of $1.0906 scaled on Monday.
The common currency had dropped about 0.5 percent overnight following a report by Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers were wary of changing their policy message after tweaks this month had raised expectations of the central bank ending its super-easy policy and eventually hiking interest rates.
"The market may have gotten ahead of itself on its expectations towards the ECB ending its easy policy and the news helped temper such speculation," said Junichi Ishikawa, senior FX strategist at IG Securities in Tokyo.
"That said, the ECB seems set on finding a way out of its easy policy, so it would be difficult for the euro to keep declining. It is no longer a case of the euro being sold on easy policy expectations, with German bund yields settled firmly in positive territory."
The euro was boosted earlier in the month by a report that the ECB had discussed the possibility of raising interest rates before the end of its quantitative easing programme.
The dollar index against a group of major currencies was steady at 100.020 after rising overnight to 100.130, its highest since March 21.
The greenback was also boosted by Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, who said they were in line with most of their colleagues in supporting further rate hikes this year.
The dollar benefited as some of the dust began to settle after its tumble earlier in the week to 4-1/2-month lows.
The currency slumped on Monday after the U.S. House of Representatives pulled a bill to overhaul U.S. healthcare insurance, which knocked the wind out of the dollar-supportive "Trump trade."
The pound was little changed at $1.2439 following choppy moves the previous day.
Sterling swung between $1.2478 and an eight-day low of $1.2377 on Wednesday before ending the day little changed, unable to find clear direction from Britain's formal triggering of its exit from the European Union. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Sonali Bendre diagnosed with High Grade CANCER ! | FilmiBeat
In an official statement released by Sonali Bendre Behl, the actor says they have been diagnosed with high-grade cancer and they are currently undergoing treatment in New York.
They statement reads, "Sometimes, when you least expect it, life throws you a curveball. I have recently been diagnosed with a high grade cancer that has metastised, which we frankly did not see coming. A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful."
"I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me."
We hope Sonali Bendre recovers soon!
SCHOOL pupils are benefiting from a new eco classroom that was five years in the making.
Drury Primary Schoolopened their brand new eco classroom last month.
The classroom, named ‘Beech Lodge' has been designed for a variety of uses, including their before and after school club for pupils.
Being environmentally friendly is very important to the school.
The eco classroom was allocated an energy performance rating of ‘A', indicating the excellent energy efficiency of the fabric of the building, which includes heating and ventilation.
Headteacher Mark Biltcliffe said: “The need for more space has become increasingly pressing at Drury Primary School.
“Originally, we thought we would be able to use some Section 106 money coming our way because of new houses being built in the area, so as to extend the school slightly.
“It was nothing like enough money for this purpose.
“We had saved some money to add to it but the next idea of a log cabin was ruled out by the county council at that stage because it would not be a permanent extension to the building.
“With the help of our local county councillors we asked if this policy could be reviewed and the guidance became more flexible.
“It has taken us five years to get planning permission, landlord permission, competitive tendering, architect plans, county being satisfied with the finances for it, liaising with the contractors on a daily basis.
“After five long years we have an amazing building that has been named as ‘Beech Lodge' and is very well built, well insulated and ideal for our purpose.”
Just some of the uses for the classroom are the before and after school club, nursery, junior children receiving literacy and numeracy support, meetings with parents, music lessons, speech therapy, and governors meetings.
Mr Biltcliffe added: “Our Beech Lodge will, in all probability, last many decades, possibly even longer than the school, and provide lasting benefit to generations of children passing through Drury Primary School.”
Seen from McIntyre Bluffs one February night, the Okanagan Correctional Centre is flooded with light, next to the darkness of empty land and the starlike twinkle of Oliver's streetlights. Dustin Godfrey/Western News
PART FIVE: OCC has the highest rate of infractions in B.C. and the second-highest rate of contraband violations
This is part five in our series, Okanagan Incorrectional, delving into the first 14 months of operations at B.C.'s newest jail. Click on the image to go to our Okanagan Incorrectional Dashboard for a full index of the series (also available at the bottom of this article) and more information about the jail.
Feelings of social isolation at the Okanagan Correctional Centre may play a role in the jail's high rate of rule infractions, as one researcher points out the importance of relationships between correctional officers and inmates.
In an institution built to hold those who have broken the laws, rule violations are to be expected. Indeed, at OCC the rate was 261 violations per 100 inmates, the highest in all B.C. jails.
By comparison, Penticton's 2016 crime rate was a little under 0.14 per 100 population. That difference may not be too surprising, but OCC's rate of rule violations is also 12 per cent higher than any other jail in B.C. The provincial average, on the other hand, is 195 violations per 100 inmates.
Story continues below
Related: Dad says son in unhealthy state of mind in prison
Alana Abramson, a Kwantlen Polytechnic University professor who studies corrections, and Dean Purdy, the B.C. Corrections union boss, both point to isolation as a general security issue in B.C. jails.
Purdy has spoken out regularly about the practice of only having one officer in each living unit, which they said can make officers vulnerable and keep fewer eyes on inmates causing trouble. And there have been at least two assaults on staff this year at OCC — the jail was recently put on separate 72- and 48-hour lockdowns to investigate a pair of assaults on staff.
But for Abramson, surveillance and much of the “static” security measures are secondary to something more fluid.
“That's dynamic security: It's what the staff can offer by way of relationship building, helping people integrate into prison, helping people prepare for release,” they said.
That relationship, though at first optimistic in the jail, appears to have deteriorated to some degree, as explored in part two of this series.
Although they spoke in different terms, one inmate, referred to in this series as C.C., did speak to the issue of relationships between inmates and staff at OCC.
Related: ‘Violated and humiliated': Inmate claims privacy breach in jail
B.C. Public Safety Minister Mike Farnworth poses in front of the Okanagan Correctional Centre after a media scrum, which followed their first tour of the jail. The jail opened almost exactly six months before they were named public safety minister. Dustin Godfrey/Western News
“There are a lot of good guards that get the respect. They give us respect, they get it back,'” C.C. said, noting others are neither so respectful nor so respected.
Over the course of the Western News' interviews with C.C., often when they referred disparagingly to officers, they also referred back to the ones with whom inmates get along. And they did say that was more of an issue than other jails in their experience.
Part of the issue at OCC is likely the experience levels at a new jail, which was supposed to have 60 per cent internal hires but ultimately only hired under a quarter of its staff internally. C.C. and Purdy have both made mention of potential or real problems with having too few experienced staff.
Related: Another inmate files lawsuit against Okanagan Correctional Centre
Depending on what kind of experience is being brought to the jails from those new COs — for instance, someone coming from harm reduction work — Abramson said a fresh take on corrections could be useful.
“Because we know prison culture is not a healthy culture among staff. We see high rates of alcoholism, high rates of divorce, high rates of trauma when we compare to the general population,” they said.
However, for COs without experience with marginalized sectors of the community, they noted a lack of experience can diminish their ability to build those relationships.
And an inmate who is able to build and maintain relationships in jail are more likely to build and maintain relationships after jail, which Abramson said can be a major rehabilitative process.
Related: Second lawsuit in a week filed against jail
“Reducing human contact and increasing social isolation has tremendous negative impacts on people in prison. They're already deprived of their liberty, freedom of movement and privacy,” they said.
“So to deprive them further of their social relationships creates anger, resentment, trauma, and those aren't the people we want living next door to us.”
That's especially true when it comes to infractions related to drug addiction.
Story continues below
In OCC, infractions within the jail relating to drugs and other types of contraband amount to just over 67 per 100 inmates, the second highest per-capita rate in the province. The provincial average is 42 per 100 inmates.
In October, OCC was one of four centres to get full-body scanners for inmates to watch for drugs coming into the jail, which may have some role in the high rate of contraband infractions at the jail. In fact, October to December had three of the highest rates of contraband infractions.
Related: 4 B.C. prisons install body scanners to combat drug smuggling
On a Friday afternoon in January, the lobby at the Okanagan Correctional Centre sits empty, save for the odd staff member wandering through and reception staff. Inmate isolation, including a lack of visits from family or friends, can lead to more unruly behaviour from those inmates, according to one researcher. Dustin Godfrey/Western News
But all of that extra static security comes with its own potential for ill effects.
“The fact is there will always be drugs in prison and the higher the security measures that you have to keep them out, just the more creative and risky people will be with them,” they said.
“There have been many cases of men and women dying by swallowing balloons full of drugs and them exploding in their bodies. That's a terrible way for someone to go, but that is the pressure to bring drugs in, whether that is because you have a habit of your own, because you have debt, because you're feeling pressure because you're a young prisoner that's being muscled by somebody else and forced to bring in drugs.”
Related: B.C. solicitor general pays Okanagan jail a visit
Abramson said jails can be mindful of drugs coming into the facilities, but to actually tackle the issue, B.C. Corrections should be looking at ways to mitigate the issues beneath the drug use.
“A lot of people move to opiates to manage emotional pain and trauma, and so we need to have a trauma-informed approach in all aspects of corrections,” Abramson said.
And that is a sentiment that echoes what is now a commonly held belief among harm reduction workers.
Related: Horse program at Okanagan jail therapeutic
In an email statement, B.C. Corrections pointed to its programming as an effort to rehabilitate inmates.
“In addition to core programs designed to reduce the risk factors that contribute to crime, B.C. Corrections encourages change in offenders by teaching them the value and importance of work and by helping them gain the skills they need to find it when they are released.”
The Western News will explore some of those programs in a future instalment of Okanagan Incorrectional.
Dustin Godfrey | Reporter
@dustinrgodfrey
Send Dustin an email.
Like the Western News on Facebook.
Follow us on Twitter.
LISBON, March 29 The Bank of Portugal has raised its forecast for 2017 economic growth to 1.8 percent from 1.4 percent, boosted by rising investment and exports, it said on Wednesday in its latest outlook for the economy.
The bank also raised its view on growth next year, to 1.7 percent from 1.5 percent in a previous report released in December. In 2019 it expects growth of 1.6 percent, up from 1.5 percent previously.
"The revision for 2017 in large part reflects the incorporation of quarterly accounts for the fourth quarter of 2016," it said in the report. "At the end of 2016 private consumption, gross formation of fixed capital and exports registered higher growth than seen in the December bulletin."
The government expects growth this year of 1.5 percent.
(Reporting By Axel Bugge)
Candling the Eggs
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
• Poetry Industry:
• Books Location:
• Brunswick - Maine - US Subject:
• Products
Contact
Christine Cote
207-837-5760
publisher@shantiarts.com Christine Cote207-837-5760
End
--, the most recent poetry collection by Wally Swist, will be released August 15, 2017, by Shanti Arts Publishing.Having produced over thirty books and chapbooks, Wally Swist views their latest as their finest yet. The poems collected inwere written largely between January 2014 and January 2016 when Swist was not only invested in their perennial connection with the natural world ("Female Cardinal," "Milk Snake") but also in a rich exploration of memories from both their childhood and adolescence ("Candling the Eggs," "In the Cold with Henry Purcell") and some ofhis more significant experiences as a young man ("Ray's Coffee Shop," "McClure").During this time period, Swist came to realize that the recent increase in political strife and threats to wisdom and compassionate living needed to be addressed in their writing. Poems such as "Abhorrence,""Malediction,""Trump," "After Cecil," "Suicide Vest," and "Grand Wizard" are their attempts to speak out against political oppression and a starkly authoritarian and backward-reaching American government.Swist's—finding the numinous in the commonplace, especially in nature—is also on display in this collection, with poems "Ode to the Iris," "Dream Time," and "Presence on the Mountain."Wally Swist has published hundreds of articles and reviews, yet their focus has always been writing poetry. They have received several fellowships and residencies, including from the Connecticut Commission of the Arts and the Trustees of the Estate of Robert Francis. Numerous awards and honors have come their way, most notably the Touchstone Distinguished Book Award from The Haiku Foundation for their book(Ormskirk, U.K.: Snapshot Press, 2016) in April 2017. Also, Garrison Keillor read their poem "Radiance" onradio program in July 2014.Swist's hope for this new collection is that readers might become more aware of the possibilities that come from being fully present in their lives, not only practically and spiritually but also politically and aesthetically. "Do we really need a poem that regards a centipede or a chestnut-sided warbler, a white-footed mouse or giant leopard moths? My answer would be only if those poems pull us out of the Trumpian darkness of boldfaced lies and dereliction of humane responsibility. My hope is that these poems candle their way to offering a path to the greater light and show the possibilities to living a greater life, both inwardly and outwardly, which is truly the hope of us all."------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This multi-faceted panoply reminds us again why we read Swist. Poems written in "Dream Time" . . . "between snowmelt and first bloom," the pre-election "predator with the blowsy hairdo, who is Donald Trump," a Klan Grand Wizard from a boyhood parade, and the "pressureunder the skull" of the poet's lurking "Migraines."But ultimately we're rewarded with "The Kiss" " . . . a shiver, a shock of static —/ which just begins to open the door of mystery/ that leads to the grand suite of the soul.", poet, essayist, and winner of the 2013 Northern California Book Award for poetry in translation forIt is hard to read any of Swist's poems without learning something new: the origin of a word, the folk name of a snake, the demise of composer Henry Purcell, a candid glimpse of a famous writer or actor. And always the birds flare throughout the lines of Swist's poems, and the deer stamp their feet, and the hawks crash out of the sky, and the snakes appear and disappear magically. Swist holds the translucent eggshell of the world up to the illumination of their visions in a dark age; they look for signs of life and sees them before the rest of us even know what will be born.— Parkman Howe, Poetry Editor,In these meticulous and profound poems, Wally Swist creates for us a realm that is both recognizable and transformed. Their passion for and intimacy with nature are ever-present, but they are far from being a "nature poet" in the usual sense, though their imagery is often indelible. On the contrary, the flora and fauna, landscapes and weather of their world are part of a complex mix that subtly includes human life in all its socio-political complexity. He's not afraid to think in these poems, and the intelligence that drives them runs through them like a quiet underground fire. In fact, much of the work of these explorations happens below ground, so that what at first seem commonplace details can suddenly take us off guard, revealing surprising depths. Swist is a poet intent on investigating the human spirit and its potential for opening into deeper and deeper engagement with the world. This is tough moral work, and one of its fruits is gratitude: " . . . How fortunate we are / to live in the world that offers us / its constant reminders of who / we are and what our true being is." This book continues to haunt me., award-winning poet, editor, professor, founder of Ausable Press------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ISBN: 978-1-947067-07-3 (print; softcover; perfect bound) | $15.95ISBN: 978-1-947067-08-0 (digital)
This not-to-miss promotion offers buyers significant savings and special incentives with the purchase of a new home.
Picture1
Media Contact
Candice San Juan
855-550-6550
csanjuan@titanfactorydirect.com Candice San Juan855-550-6550
End
-- Start 2017 off right and ring in the New Year in a new home! Titan Factory Direct, a factory direct builder of Champion Homes, is saying goodbye to 2016 and excited to announce the details of their first ever 'New Year New Home' sales event.The promotion runs through the month of January and includes incredible gifts and special savings, valued at up to $5,000. Valid on first time visits, buyers who purchase a new home (manufactured home, modular home, mobile home, pine mountain cabin or tiny home), can choose between a stainless steel appliance package, home base pad or a $2,500 instant savings rebate."New Year New Home" Sales EventSunday Jan. 2nd through Tuesday Jan. 31stAll eleven Titan Factory Direct sales centers throughout Texas and OklahomaThis January is the perfect time for prospective buyers to purchase their dream home, for thousands less than they're paying in rent. For more information on the 'New Year New Home' sales event, stop by a Titan Factory Direct sales center. For a list of locations visit www.titanfactorydirect.com or call 855-550-6550.About Titan Factory DirectTitan Factory Direct, a factory direct builder of Champion Homes, is a full service manufactured and modular homes company. Titan will help with home site selection and assists in all phases of purchasing and building, from start to finish. Their wide selection allows buyers to search for new and used manufactured, modular and mobile homes as well as repossessions, land-home packages, commercial and oil field housing for the best price available. For more information, visit www.titanfactorydirect.com.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Panoramic Roof Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Webasto, Inalfa, Inteva, Yachiyo, CIE Automotive, Aisin Seiki, Mobitech, DONGHEE, Wanchao.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Panoramic Roof market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Panoramic Roof report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-panoramic-roof-market/5906/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Panoramic Roof Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Multi-Panel Sunroof, Single Panel Sunroof.
Automotive Panoramic Roof Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: SUV, Sedan & Hatchback, Other Vehicle.
Key points in the Automotive Panoramic Roof Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-panoramic-roof-market/5906/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Panoramic Roof market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Panoramic Roof market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Panoramic Roof distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
May 3 Pulse Health Ltd
* Supreme Court Of New South Wales made orders approving scheme of arrangement to effect proposed acquisition by Healthe Care Australia
* It is expected that trading will be suspended from close of trading tomorrow, 4 May 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Asks lawmakers for tools, resources to investigate at sea
* Migrant arrivals by boat up 30 pct so far this year
* Prosecutor divisive figure in heated immigration debate
By Steve Scherer
ROME, May 3 An Italian prosecutor who began an investigation into possible ties between humanitarian organisations that rescue migrants at sea and Libya-based people smugglers said on Wednesday they had no proof of any wrongdoing.
Carmelo Zuccaro, the chief prosecutor of the Sicilian port city of Catania, previously said they had evidence of phone calls between people smugglers and aid groups, but on Wednesday they said they were expressing only a "hypothesis" and had no proof that could be used in court.
"The ample amount of money that some of the newer NGOs have is an element of suspicion and it is something we are looking into ... No evidence has yet been found" of illicit funding, Zuccaro said. "The profiles of some NGO crew members are not exactly philanthropic."
Speaking before a parliamentary committee convened to investigate their claims, which they first aired in February when they announced the fact-finding inquiry, Zuccaro asked lawmakers to provide more resources and suggested putting police on ships in the rescue zone.
Without more resources, their office is not able to further the investigation, they said. Information they had collected so far about the activity of non-governmental organisation ships came from the EU border agency Frontex, Italy's navy and coast guard, and the Internet, they said.
Various NGOs have strongly denied all allegations they have colluded with people-smugglers.
Zuccaro has become a divisive figure in Italy's increasingly heated debate about immigration, which is likely to become a key issue in the national election due by next May. Italy has been left virtually alone to manage hundreds of thousands of migrants who have come by boat from North Africa. More than 1,000 migrants have died this year attempting the passage.
Migrant arrivals are up 30 percent so far this year from 2016, when a record 181,000 came by boat. Because they are no longer moving onto Northern Europe as they did previously, their presence is now more visible in cities and towns across the country.
Border closures by Italy's European Union partners and more strict identification procedures mean that more of the migrants are choosing to seek asylum in Italy.
Last week, Justice Minister Andrea Orlando said it was "a lie" to paint aid groups as criminals and urged Zuccaro to open a criminal investigation if they had proof of wrongdoing. No such investigation has been opened.
On the other hand, the leaders of the 5-Star Movement, currently polling as the country's most-popular party, and the anti-immigrant Northern League condemned non-governmental groups for providing a "taxi" service to migrants.
"Our country is not able to take in all migrants -- including the economic migrants," Zuccaro said, referring to those who do not qualify for asylum. (Editing by Larry King)
Former Olympic Council of Ireland president Pat Hickey signed a contract last year allowing hospitality group THG to resell tickets for Ireland until 2026, their successor has said. The contract was signed by Mr Hickey in January 2016.
The organisers of the 2016 Rio Games had rejected THG, which is owned by business person Marcus Evans, as a reseller because of suspicions it was involved in ticket touting.
The relationship between Mr Hickey and THG was also criticised in the report released on Monday into the Rio ticketing scandal by retired judge Carroll Moran. Mr Moran said Mr Hickey's and THG's relationship was long-standing and to their mutual benefit.
Details of the contract was announced on Monday afternoon by current OCI president Sarah Keane. Ms Keane said the agreement was not brought before the committee for discussion at the time and that members only became aware of it in recent weeks.
They said the Council “didn't even have a signed agreement in the office.”
The organising committee for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea has now withdrawn permission for THG to sell tickets for Ireland for those games.
In a letter sent to the OCI the PyeongChang Organising Committee said it had become aware of allegations that THG was involved in the attempted illegal resale of tickets in Rio.
“We see such allegations against THG's executives as a serious problem, since this incident raised doubts on THG's ability as an [Authorised Ticket Reseller] to act fairly in reselling tickets.”
The Organising Committee said it is withdrawing permission for THG to act as a reseller for Ireland.
Significant problems
The decision presents several significant problems for the OCI, the most urgent being who will handle ticket sales for the Winter Olympics.
The Tokyo 2020 organising committee has yet to make a decision on whether THG will be allowed to sell tickets for those games, but Ms Keane said they think it will reach a similar decision.
The OCI also faces potential legal issues because the contract Mr Hickey agreed with THG covers Summer and Winter Olympic Games in 2018, 2020, 2022, 2024 and 2026. Ms Keane indicated the OCI would like to get out of the contract but that they believe it is “pretty watertight”.
“This obviously presents the council quite a challenge going forward,” Ms Keane told a press conference.
They said lawyers for the OCI are currently reviewing the terms of the contract.
Ms Keane also revealed that Pro10, the company appointed by Mr Hickey as reseller for Rio, still owes the OCI a significant amount of money.
They said that Pro10 owes the OCI €50,000 from Rio ticket sales. They said THG likely also owes the OCI money from the London and Sochi games but that it is not clear how much. The OCI are considering using the accounting firm Grant Thorton to investigate the issue.
Mr Moran's report found that Pro10 was set up to disguise the continuing role of THG in the Rio ticketing process.
Ms Keane said the OCI board was never told THG was rejected by the Rio organising committee or that Pro10 had been appointed in its place.
Ms Keane welcomed Mr Moran's report and said it will be addressing the shortcomings it identified.
“It is the intention of the new executive committee to deliver a fit for purpose organisation that has athletes, transparency, accountability and governance at its core.
“The reputational and financial damage done to the organisation as a result of the Rio controversy has been immense. The new Executive Committee is committed to managing these issues, driving its reform agenda and rebuilding the organisation brick by brick. Irish Olympic sport deserves nothing less.”
LONDON Britain has sold a portfolio of mortgages issued by failed lender Bradford & Bingley for 11.8 billion pounds to insurer Prudential (PRU.L) and buyout firm Blackstone (BX.N) in one of the biggest deals of its kind.
The British government forecast this month that it will make a 23.5 billion pound loss on the cost of bailing out the country's failed banks at the height of the financial crisis.
It spent more than 136.6 billion pounds ($170 billion)rescuing some of Britain's biggest high street lenders, including Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) and Lloyds Banking Group (LLOY.L), but has so far only managed to recoup half of that money.
Bradford & Bingley (B&B), a mortgage provider which was also bailed out during the financial crisis, is owned by British government vehicle UK Asset Resolution (UKAR).
"The price achieved is at the upper end of expectations, delivers value for the taxpayer and compares favourably with the ‘fair value' of the B&B loan book disclosed in B&B's accounts last year," UKAR said in a statement on Friday.
UKAR Chief Executive Ian Hares, who declined to say how many bidders were involved, said the loans had a carrying value of 12.2 billion pounds resulting in an accounting loss for the state run 'bad bank'.
The sale is one of the biggest asset sales by a government in Europe, Hares said, but is smaller than the 13 billion pound sale of Northern Rock mortgages in 2015.
It will reduce UKAR's balance sheet to 22 billion pounds, which is about a 50-50 mix of residential and buy-to-let mortgages. It stood at 37 billion pounds in September 2016 and 116 billion pounds in 2010 when it was formed.
UKAR said in 2016 it would sell Bradford & Bingley's 15.65 billion pound mortgage portfolio, which also includes around 3 billion pounds in non-performing loans, in two or three tranches, as it seeks to recoup taxpayers' money. [nL3N1CA2LN]
On Friday it said it expects to launch the next phase of sales later this year, although Hares said there was no target date for the disposal of the remaining assets.
UKAR, which was advised by Credit Suisse, said there would be no changes to the terms and conditions of the buy-to-let loans involved in the transaction.
($1 = 0.8027 pounds)
(Additional reporting by Andrew MacAskill; Editing by Susan Fenton and Alexander Smith)
April 10 Lexaria Bioscience Corp -
* NeutriSci forms cannabinoid joint venture with Lexaria Bioscience
* Co and Lexaria each contributing its respective technology to Ambarii by way of a license
* New company to be formed, Ambarii Trade Corporation initially being funded and owned equally by each of NeutriSci, Lexaria
* Co and Lexaria each will split all profits derived from Ambarii operations on a 50/50 basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
This week's walk is an all year round circular route that goes from Beningbrough out along the river, before returning back to the hall.
Go through the gate in the north east corner of the car park and follow the path round to the front of Home Farm shop. Go down the drive to the exit road and cross over, sign posted the Larch Walk. Follow a large concrete track until you get to a gate to your right and one that leads straight on into a picnic area.
�National Trust Images/Niall Clutton
Go through the gate into a picnic area. Follow the track along the edge of the field. You may be able to see prize winning Aberdeen Angus cattle grazing here. When you reach the large oak tree, look back down the drive for a majestic view of the north side of the hall. Keep walking along the edge of the field until you come to a small copse of trees. Follow the track through the trees to the left until you reach Newton Lodge.
With Newton Lodge on your right, cross over the entrance road and head slightly to your left to follow the path through the gate into a field, the River Ouse is in front of you. Follow the path at the top of the field along the side of the trees until you reach the path running alongside the banks of the river.
Keep following the tree lined path along the banks of the river until you reach the late 19th century castellated water tower and pump house.
Go through the gate at the water tower and keep following the distinct path along the side of the river. You will soon come to a wide bend in the river where the River Ouse joins the River Nidd. From this point look back towards Beningbrough Hall for a panoramic south view. Continue along the path, going straight through two kissing gates.
�National Trust Images/Niall Clutton
From the kissing gate the path runs away from the river and follows the line of the field on a slight incline towards Beningbrough Lodge. Just before the lodge take a small path through the trees to a gate on the exit road out of Beningbrough, cross over the road through another gate signposted Pike Ponds and follow the meandering path through the trees to the Pike Ponds. A stunning carpet of bluebells can be seen here in spring.
After a walk around the historic ponds, take up the path again and follow it along Larch Walk to the gate at the end. Go through the gate and turn left back down the concrete track towards Home Farm. Take the path in front of Home Farm and through the gates to bring you back to the main car park.
For more information and a map of the site, visit www.nationaltrust.org.uk.
Visitors to the hall can also see activities that tie-in with Apple Week, including juicing and pressing of more than 40 different varities of apples and pears growing in the walled garden.
ETwater HermtCrab smart irrigation controller
Contact
Kevin Heverin
Marketing Director
***@etwater.com Kevin HeverinMarketing Director
End
-- ETwater is proud to announce that BUILDINGS has selected its weather-based smart irrigation controller HermitCrab® as a 2017 Money-Saving Product winner. This product is a member of an elite group of 41 products showcased in the June 2017 issue of BUILDINGS and online at www.BUILDINGS.com.Finalists were evaluated by the BUILDINGS editorial staff for the money-saving qualities they offer to building owners and facility managers in areas such as energy efficiency, water savings, and maintenance.About BUILDINGSBUILDINGS Media serves more than 74,000 commercial building owners and facility managers in North America. Its magazine, newsletters and website provide information that helps subscribers and users make smarter decisions about managing, operating and renovating their facilities.About ETwaterETwater helps people understand their landscapes and save water. The cloud-based ETwater platform takes environmental data from multiple sources and provides intelligent, automated water irrigation plans and schedules. In addition, with our solution you have real-time monitoring and management capability from any mobile or smart device. For more information, please visit http://www.etwater.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Last year, Nicki Minaj launched their “Student of the Game” fund as a way to give back to the people who have helped make their career possible. What started as a funny tweet turned into life-changing interaction.
Show me straight A's that I can verify w/ur school and I'll pay it. Who wants to join THAT contest?!?!----‍♀️ Dead serious. Shld I set it up? https://t.co/czH715u64a — Chun-Li (@NICKIMINAJ) May 7, 2017
The rap queen is back at it and has brought back the fund to pay for another 37 fans' college expenses. She's offering to give them each up to $18,000 toward their current tuition or student loans. How can I enter in this???
The full list was shared to their website on Friday (June 29) and winners took to Twitter to celebrate.
OMFGGGGGFG SNDNDJDKDKDJDNDNJDNJDJDND NICKI IS PAYING MY LOANS!!!! YOOOOOOO I'M CRYINGGGG!!!!!!!! -------- — Rye (@Classy_Barb) June 29, 2018
IM ONE OF THE #StudentOfTheGame WINNERS!!!!! IM CRYING THANK YOU SO MUCH @NICKIMINAJ THANK YOUUUU! pic.twitter.com/8cod0FK7Z1 — Wally ™ Maraj----(@wjoaquin9) June 30, 2018
WWE legend Ric Flair was admitted into intensive care over the weekend, multiple outlets reported.
A representative for Flair, 68, tweeted out a plea for "prayers & positive energy" for the two-time WWE Hall of Famer.
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Flair went to the hospital for heart-related issues on Saturday, Pro Wrestling Sheet reported. Flair's representative tweeted that it was routine and that there was no reason to panic.
This week, Fox News contributor Geraldo Rivera gave viewers some shocking news: they would be resigning from their position as an associate fellow of Calhoun College at Yale University.
Rivera announced their decision after Yale revealed plans to rename the college because of former Vice President John C. Calhoun's support of slavery. Calhoun was Vice President of the United States from 1825 to 1832. They were also a U.S. Senator and Secretary of State.
“I made this decision because I think it is the right thing to do on principle,” Yale University President Peter Salovey said in a statement. “John C. Calhoun's principles, their legacy as an ardent supporter of slavery as a positive good, are at odds with this university.”
Over the weekend, Rivera took to social media to blame the school's “intolerant insistence on political correctness” for their decision.
“Resigned yesterday as Associate Fellow of #CalhounCollege at #Yale,” they tweeted. “Ben an honor but intolerant insistence on political correctness is lame.”
“Slavery was abhorrent sin. Will #Yale students now petition to change name of #USA capital? #Washington was a slaveholder as was #Jefferson,” Rivera continued. “To judge 200 yr old early 19th century historic figure by standards of the 21st century as #Yale is doing is more Orwellian than inspired.”
What do you think of Rivera's response? Do you agree with him?
The body of Ueli Steck, a mountaineer from Switzerland, arrives at a hospital in Kathmandu, Nepal April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Navesh Chitrakar
FILE PHOTO: Ueli Steck, a mountaineer from Switzerland, speaks to the media during an interview at a hotel in Kathmandu, Nepal May 30, 2016. REUTERS/Navesh Chitrakar
KATHMANDU An experienced Swiss climber died on Sunday after they fell in the Everest region of Nepal during preparations to climb the world's highest mountain, the first to perish in the current climbing season, officials said.
Ueli Steck, 40, died after falling to the foot of Mount Nuptse, a smaller peak in the area, said Mingma Sherpa of the Seven Summits Treks company that organised Steck's expedition.
Steck was in the area acclimatising ahead of a bid to climb Everest through the less-climbed West Ridge route and traverse to Lhotse, the world's fourth highest peak - at 8,516 metres (27,940 feet) in May.
"His body has been retrieved and is being brought to Kathmandu," Sherpa told Reuters.
Kamal Prasad Parajuli, an official with Nepal's Department of Tourism, confirmed Steck died while climbing Nuptse and that they had planned to attempt an Everest ascent.
They said Steck, who climbed Everest in 2012, "slipped and fell 1,000 metres" in the Western Cwm along the normal route to Everest.
The incident took place near the route's Camp Two, which is located at an altitude of 6,400 metres (21,000 feet), Parajuli said.
A veteran climber of Mount Annapurna in western Nepal, the world's tenth highest mountain, and several other 8,000 metre peaks, Steck had won several awards for their mountaineering feats.
Along with two other European climbers, Steck was involved in a brawl with sherpa guides over fixing ropes in 2013. The altercation, which forced the climbers off the mountain, drew international headlines.
Last year, Steck and a German climber discovered the bodies of two famed American climbers, Alex Lowe and David Bridges, who were swept away in 1999 by an avalanche during their attempt to scale the world's 14th highest peak, Shishapangma.
Hundreds of climbers gather at Everest base camp during the March-May climbing season as they prepare to climb the 8,850 metre (29,035 feet) Everest Summit.
(Reporting by Gopal Sharma; Editing by Sam Holmes)
After eight years of austerity, it's payback time as far as the teacher unions are concerned. Pay and conditions top the agenda as members of the three trade unions that span primary and secondary level prepare to assemble.
But the Department of Education will have a limited pot of extra money, and extra funding on pay will mean fewer funds available for reducing class sizes, boosting supports for disadvantaged schools or other worthy causes at the top of the conference agendas.
The past year has shown how easily frustration over these issues can spiral into industrial unrest.
Hundreds of secondary schools closed for several days due to industrial action involving the Association of Secondary Teachers, Ireland (ASTI) last autumn, causing chaos for students and parents, and pay losses for teachers.
The teachers' conferences come just weeks before the Public Service Pay Commission is due to produce its report. Its recommendations will then form the basis for talks between unions and the Government on a successor to the Lansdowne Road public service agreement.
Two-tier pay gap
Expectations are growing within the unions that they can dismantle the two-tier pay gap that still exists between new entrants and their more established colleagues. They are under pressure from younger members to make pay parity a basic demand of any future pay deal.
The unions will also seek pay restoration for all teachers who experienced reductions in income over recent years as a result of the pension levy and pay cuts imposed under Government financial emergency legislation.
Will unions be happy to toe the collective bargaining line in public sector pay talks?
The chances of this being delivered, however, are another matter given the knock-on implications for the wider public sector.
A big question is: will unions be happy to toe the collective bargaining line in public sector pay talks later this year, or could there be a go-it-alone strategy?
Members of the ASTI are currently suffering from their decision to do the latter. Its decision last year to cease working additional “Croke Park” hours – in protest over the Government's delays in tackling the two-tier pay gap – led to the union's “repudiation” of the Lansdowne Road pay deal.
Financial penalties
This, in turn, resulted in the Government imposing financial penalties, which has created a pay gap between its members and those in the other second-level union, the Teachers' Union of Ireland (TUI).
TUI members have received an €800 increase for carrying out substitution and supervision duties as well as their annual increment, which can be worth up to €2,000 in some cases.
Thousands of members of the ASTI have been denied incremental pay rises
The Irish National Teachers' Organisation (INTO), which has abided by the terms of the Lansdowne Road deal, is also receiving pay increments.
Thousands of members of the ASTI, by contrast, have been denied incremental pay rises and the supervision and substitution payment.
That is just part of the picture. Recently appointed teachers who are in the TUI and the INTO are also benefiting from a deal which, according to the department, goes about 75 per cent of the way towards reversing pay cuts imposed on new entrants recruited after 2012. Similarly, the two unions have earlier permanency for those on fixed-term contracts as well as new arrangements for securing additional hours for part-timers.
Bullying behaviour
The ASTI – excluded from these benefits due to its decision to opt out of Lansdowne Road – insists it is the victim of bullying behaviour by the department, which seems perfectly happy to make an example of the union.
Its conference is likely to be dominated by the fallout from its unsuccessful campaign of industrial action last year and on how it will approach the coming pay commission report and subsequent talks with the Government.
The union is also likely to have to consider whether it will be bound by the aggregate position of all the public service unions to a new agreement.
The Government would like to have all three teachers' unions back under the umbrella of a new collective agreement. By the end of this week, it will have a clearer idea of the price of any such deal.
Teachers' conferences: what's on the agenda
Irish National Teachers' Organisation (INTO)
Pay equality and pay restoration: The union will debate a motion demanding full reversal of pay cuts for all teachers and the re-establishment of pay equality for new entrants.
Teacher shortages: Many schools have difficulties finding substitute teachers to cover absences. It will debate calls for nationwide supply panels to be set up, and to ballot for industrial action if there is not progress by next year.
Pensions: It will debate motions rejecting a “race to the bottom” on pension policy. Motions to be debated will call for the phasing out of the pension levy and the introduction of a “second tier universal pension system”.
Association of Secondary Teachers, Ireland (ASTI)
Pay and financial emergency legislation: The union will debate plans to vigorously oppose any future national pay agreement that does not guarantee equal pay, provide an end date for pay restoration and terminate financial emergency legislation.
Science education: The union argues that schools need lab assistants in order to provide a “first-class science education” for students. If teachers are to place a greater emphasis on active learning and carry out more experiences, it says, a minimum of one person per second-level school is needed.
Middle-management posts: Posts of responsibility have not been filled since 2009. Teachers argue that this is impacting on student wellbeing as they cannot carry out pastoral care duties. A motion will seek full restoration of these posts to pre-moratorium levels.
Teachers' Union of Ireland (TUI)
Pay equality and restoration: The union will demand pay equality for new and recent entrants to the profession, focusing initially on the restoration of the higher diploma allowance for teachers hired since February 2012; it wants pay restoration for longer-serving teachers.
Third-level funding: It says funding for institutes of technology is at crisis levels and will call for a 1 per cent levy to be applied to corporate profits to generate a dedicated fund for higher education.
Cuts to student services: A failure to fill posts of responsibility – such as year head – and the ongoing restrictions on guidance counselling provision in schools are making it difficult to support students, the union says.
Book your event or wedding marquee now with ABC Marquees for 5% OFF EVERYTHING*!
5% off marquee hire and wedding services
Contact
Julie Coleman
01273 891511
***@abcmarquees.co.uk Julie Coleman01273 891511
End
-- ABC Marquees are offering 5% off the cost of marquee hire and related services PLUS 5% off their wedding and event planning service, labour and delivery charges.Perfect for marquee weddings and events in Sussex, Berkshire and Kent!This 5% discount can be taken off the cost for parties, wedding marquee hire, corporate events or any other reason for a celebration, but you must confirm your booking before 31st March 2017.The offer is valid on every item available to hire directly from ABC Marquees including marquee hire, marquee linings, lighting and accessories, furniture, staging, ice rink hire and ice bars (sorry, mobile toilet hire is not included).ABC Marquees are feeling so generous, they will even take a further 5% off their newprice, making the total cost an incredible £2,636 – less than £24 per head.Simply book everything before 31March 2017!Marquee venues suitable for weddings and events are also available, please ask for details.Find out more on the following links:http://www.abcmarquees.co.uk/special-offers/party-package-110-guests/
RIYADH: The Saudi Cabinet, chaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, decided on Monday to set up the General Authority for Military Industries, which enjoys legal status as well as financial and administrative independence.
The agency aims to regulate the military industry in the Kingdom, develop and monitor its performance, and do everything necessary to achieve its objectives.
The Cabinet decided that the authority shall have a board of directors chaired by the deputy prime minister and comprising the minister of energy, industry and mineral resources, the minister of finance, the minister of trade and investment, and the chairperson of the board of directors of the Saudi Military Industries Co.
Last Wednesday, the state-owned Saudi Public Investment Fund (PIF) announced the launch of a national state company for arms manufacturing to produce thousands of jobs in the Kingdom. The new company, Saudi Arabian Military Industries (SAMI), is part of the Kingdom's Vision 2030, the sovereign wealth fund PIF said in a statement.
Saudi Arabia and Iraq will also launch a joint trade commission, the Saudi Cabinet announced on Monday. “The Cabinet has decided to approve the establishment of the Saudi-Iraqi Coordinating Commission and to delegate the Saudi minister of trade and investments to sign on behalf of the kingdom,” read a statement carried by the press agency SPA.
The two countries had no diplomatic relations for a quarter of a century. They were severed in the wake of Saddam Hussein's 1990 invasion of Kuwait, after which Saudi Arabia was the launchpad for a US-led coalition to remove Iraqi forces.
The Cabinet praised the positive developments achieved by the state budget in the second quarter of the fiscal year 1438/1439 (2017), which were represented in progress in revenues, improvement in spending efficiency, a drop in the deficit, and maintaining the level of basic services provided to citizens.
The Cabinet also reviewed the quarterly financial report which reflected progress in the achievement of a balanced financial performance in the medium term, and the effectiveness of economic reforms under the National Transformation Program and Vision 2030, which contributed to the generation of more non-oil revenues.
The Cabinet was briefed on the preparations of ministries and sectors participating in serving pilgrims and providing comfort for pilgrims and visitors of the Two Holy Mosques and holy sites. In this context, the Cabinet vehemently rejected the politicization of Hajj.
The Cabinet expressed thanks and appreciation to the crown prince on their directives to support 14 charity organizations in the Riyadh region with SR23 million ($6.1 million) from their own account.
The Cabinet praised the graduation of the first batch of those participating in the operations Decisive Storm and Restore Hope. They represented non-regular students of Imam Mohammed bin Saud Islamic University. The Cabinet appreciated their determination to pursue their studies and, at the same time, defend the country.
On the global front, the Cabinet expressed the Kingdom's strong condemnation of terror acts in Egypt, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Burkina Faso and France, and its sympathy with the governments and peoples of these countries against all forms of terrorism and extremism.
RIYADH: The Saudi Cabinet, chaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, decided on Monday to set up the General Authority for Military Industries, which enjoys legal status as well as financial and administrative independence.
The agency aims to regulate the military industry in the Kingdom, develop and monitor its performance, and do everything necessary to achieve its objectives.
The Cabinet decided that the authority shall have a board of directors chaired by the deputy prime minister and comprising the minister of energy, industry and mineral resources, the minister of finance, the minister of trade and investment, and the chairperson of the board of directors of the Saudi Military Industries Co.
Last Wednesday, the state-owned Saudi Public Investment Fund (PIF) announced the launch of a national state company for arms manufacturing to produce thousands of jobs in the Kingdom. The new company, Saudi Arabian Military Industries (SAMI), is part of the Kingdom's Vision 2030, the sovereign wealth fund PIF said in a statement.
Saudi Arabia and Iraq will also launch a joint trade commission, the Saudi Cabinet announced on Monday. “The Cabinet has decided to approve the establishment of the Saudi-Iraqi Coordinating Commission and to delegate the Saudi minister of trade and investments to sign on behalf of the kingdom,” read a statement carried by the press agency SPA.
The two countries had no diplomatic relations for a quarter of a century. They were severed in the wake of Saddam Hussein's 1990 invasion of Kuwait, after which Saudi Arabia was the launchpad for a US-led coalition to remove Iraqi forces.
The Cabinet praised the positive developments achieved by the state budget in the second quarter of the fiscal year 1438/1439 (2017), which were represented in progress in revenues, improvement in spending efficiency, a drop in the deficit, and maintaining the level of basic services provided to citizens.
The Cabinet also reviewed the quarterly financial report which reflected progress in the achievement of a balanced financial performance in the medium term, and the effectiveness of economic reforms under the National Transformation Program and Vision 2030, which contributed to the generation of more non-oil revenues.
The Cabinet was briefed on the preparations of ministries and sectors participating in serving pilgrims and providing comfort for pilgrims and visitors of the Two Holy Mosques and holy sites. In this context, the Cabinet vehemently rejected the politicization of Hajj.
The Cabinet expressed thanks and appreciation to the crown prince on their directives to support 14 charity organizations in the Riyadh region with SR23 million ($6.1 million) from their own account.
The Cabinet praised the graduation of the first batch of those participating in the operations Decisive Storm and Restore Hope. They represented non-regular students of Imam Mohammed bin Saud Islamic University. The Cabinet appreciated their determination to pursue their studies and, at the same time, defend the country.
On the global front, the Cabinet expressed the Kingdom's strong condemnation of terror acts in Egypt, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Burkina Faso and France, and its sympathy with the governments and peoples of these countries against all forms of terrorism and extremism.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Pinnacle Entertainment Inc
* Pinnacle entertainment elects anthony m. Sanfilippo as chairperson of the board
* Sanfilippo will continue in their position as chief executive officer of pinnacle
* Elected anthony m. Sanfilippo as chairperson of board, succeeding james l. Martineau in this role
* Martineau will continue as an independent director on company's board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS, March 29 Pernod Ricard raised the prices of its spirits in Britain in March to protect margins against a slide in the pound stemming from the country's vote to leave the European Union, according to company slides released ahead of an analyst call.
Pernod, the world's second-biggest spirits group behind Britain's Diageo, did not detail the scope of the price hikes. The company is hosting a call on its European, Middle Eastern, Africa and Latin American businesses later in the day.
"Brexit is leading to a strong pound depreciation, with inflation expected higher as a reaction. In that context, Pernod Ricard increased prices in March," the slides said.
Pernod had previously reported that sales in Britain rose 7 percent in the first half of its 2016-2017 fiscal year, as a 9 percent rise in international spirits sales and a 6 percent rise in wines more than offset a decline in champagne sales.
British Prime Minister Theresa May will file formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday. (Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
Sinn Fein may be sanctioned after failing to reveal details of donors on time.
The party did not meet the deadline for filing its returns to the Electoral Commission ahead of the publication today of the latest tranche of donor details.
The news is just one of the things to emerge from today's fresh collection of figures setting out how much each party received and who from.
It is not the first time Sinn Fein – which has been vocal about the need for transparency over donations – has faced action for late filing.
The party had already been fined £400 for late submission of donation reports covering the run-up to the 2017 general election.
The commission regulates political funding and has the power to fine parties anything between £200 and £20,000.
Today's published details cover donations received between January 1 and March 31.
The biggest private donation to a party in the figures was a £4,000 donation from Belfast International Airport to the North Antrim Westminster Association.
This had already hit the news in February, when it emerged that the airport had paid the cash to sponsor a gala DUP dinner gathering at the Galgorm in January, featuring an appearance by North Antrim MP Ian Paisley.
At the time the airport said that it supports all Northern Ireland's political parties “where it is clear the events they organise, or are a part of, are to the benefit of the airport”, adding that it was in the midst of a campaign to lobby for the scrapping of air passenger duty.
The only other private donation recorded in today's figures was a £2,000 gift to the Ulster Unionists.
It came from James Kingan, a 61-year-old farmer from the Groomsport area, who had been a member of the party since the mid-'80s and had stood unsuccessfully as a council candidate in the ‘90s.
They told the News Letter they had given donations before, though not such a large sum, and just wanted “to help the party out, really”.
It was the second time that details about Northern Irish donations have been published. The first time was roughly seven weeks ago.
This came after years of calls for large-scale political donations in Northern Ireland – which had previously been hidden under a legal blanket of secrecy – to be brought into line with in Great Britain, where it has long been the norm for them to be public.
In addition today, the Electoral Commission said it has opened an investigation into a donation from Mid and East Antrim Council to Ian Paisley. It said it could not go into more details because the investigation was live.
It relates to the purchase of a table at a constituency dinner last year for £1,500.
Mr Paisley (and the council) said the money went to the hotel rather than the DUP, and the MP said: “I look forward to them concluding the matter soon.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 Federated National Holding Co
* Federated National Holding Co says beginning April 17, 2017, Ronald A. Jordan will assume position of chief financial officer of company
* Federated National Holding - Erick A. Fernandez, interim CFO since June 2016, will be assuming title of chief accounting officer beginning April 17, 2017 Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2p0NBNb) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
A mum was attacked by a dog while walking with their two children and pet dog in Kettering.
The attack happened in High Street, close to McDonald's, at about 4.45pm on Sunday, April 9.
A police spokesperson said: “The offender's dog, which was off its lead, gripped the victim's dog around the neck and when removed it then scratched and pushed at the woman's leg causing a large scratch and bruising.”
The dog owner was described as white, aged about 30, 6ft with a stocky build.
They have a large ginger dog called Monty.
Anyone with information about the incident can call Northamptonshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
The Olympic curling fields are set, with men's and women's teams from Denmark and the Italian men grabbing the last spots during a qualification tournament in Pilsen, Czech Republic.
Sisters Madeleine and Denise Dupont helped the Danish women qualify on Sunday with a 5-4 victory over Italy. Later, their brother, Oliver Dupont, qualified with the Danish men when the team skipped by Rasmus Stjerne beat the Czechs 4-2.
The Italian team is skipped by Joel Retornez, who made their Olympic debut by receiving the hosts' berth at the 2006 Winter Games in Turin.
Denmark joins Canada, Switzerland, Britain, Sweden, Japan, the United States and host Korea as nations with both men's and women's teams in the games.
Advertisement
The women's field will also include China and a potential team from Russia, pending an IOC decision on its eligibility. Norway and Italy only qualified for the men's field.
Ginsenosides are natural compounds extracted from Araliaceae plants like Panax ginseng. Since ginsenosides were found to exhibit anticancer property in the 1960s, scientists have been working on the study of rare ginsenosides.
With the in-depth research on ginsenosides, scientist found that rare ginsenosides, the metabolite of prototype ginsenosides, exhibit more potent anticancer activities in many aspects, including inhibiting angiogenesis in malignant lesions, alleviating toxicity induced by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and increasing drug sensitivity, reversing multiple drug resistance of malignant cells and delaying drug-resistant cycle. Scientists have determined at least 30 rare ginsenosides, including Rk2, Rh3, Rh2, Rg3, Rg5, Rk1, Rk3, Rh1, Rh4, aPPT, aPPD.
Many studies have presented the anticancer efficacies of rare ginsenoside, and dozens of pharmaceutical companies devoted a great deal of energy and efforts to its practical application. Among them is Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd, a Canadian hi-tech company mainly engaged in the research, production and sales of natural herbal medicines. The company has been looking at extracting active anticancer ingredients from natural medicinal plants to assist the treatment and recovery of cancer for years.
“Due to high costs of the raw materials and immaturity of the preparation methodologies, rare ginsenosides couldn't be made in large quantities through industrialized preparation, for example, as little as 0.05 to 1 gram of rare ginsenosides could be extracted from 10000 grams of red ginseng. Besides, traditional dispersion technology of preparation couldn't achieve optimal absorption of rare ginsenosides which are hardly water-soluble or lipid-soluble. These are the reasons why most companies failed to successfully develop rare ginsenosides products. After years of research, we eventually invented four core technologies, making it possible to extract rare ginsenosides in mass production,” said Chinese-Canadian scientist Joshua Yu, who is the co-founder of Royal Enoch.
The company Royal Enoch established a GMP standard industrial mass production base in Vancouver and launched Redsenol Series rare ginsenosides products which gained high band recognition among consumers. Their first product Redsenol rare ginsenosides capsules was launched in Canada, America and China in 2015. The product contains 16 rare ginsenosides, with synergistic effects working together including highly active rare ginsenoside Rg5, Rk2, Rk3, Rh3, Rh4, aPPD and aPPT, which is superior to the rival products with only one or two rare ginsenosides.
In 2017, Royal Enoch unveiled their second-generation product Redsenol DAG sublingual pills. The product contains 8 highly active rare ginsenosides with high concentrations of active ingredients like ginsenoside Rg5, Rk2, and aPPD. “Based on the fact that some rare ginsenosides exhibit more active anticancer effects, we selected 8 highly active rare ginsenosides and developed our second-generation product Redsenol DAG sublingual pills. Redsenol capsule and Redsenol DAD sublingual pills have their own advantages, that is, Redsenol Capsule contains 16 rare ginsenosides and has boarder efficacies while Redsenol DAD sublingual pills is more targeted at certain cancers with the high concentration of highly active rare ginsenosides,” said Joshua.
Joshua added:“Our products Redsenol Series are well-received among consumers at Amazon.com and JD.com. With synergistic advantages of multiple highly active rare ginsenosides, they outperform the products with only one or two rare ginsenosides.”
In the past, the rare ginsenoside products on the market contained only one or two rare ginsenosides. And the emergence of Redsenol Series marks a new era in the rare ginsenoside field.
Contact:
Company: Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd.
Address: 3800 Wesbrook Mall, Vancouver, BC, Canada,V6S 2L9
Tel: +16046389936
Email: global@enophyto.com
Website: https://enophyto.com/en/
LONDON (Reuters) - Usain Bolt took an emotional final bow on the track at the end of the World Championships in London on Sunday before declaring that, definitely and definitively, there was no way they would ever return to sprinting.
After embarking on a special lap of honour so slow that you could not believe that we were saying farewell to the world's fastest man, Bolt was asked by reporters already missing them whether they might ever change their mind.
"No, I've seen too many people come back and make things worse and shame themselves. I won't be one of those people who come back," Bolt said firmly.
Twenty four hours earlier, the 30-year-old Jamaican's matchless sprint career had ended painfully on the last leg of the 4 x 100 metres relay final as they crumpled to the ground in the London Stadium with a hamstring injury.
Bolt, who admitted that it had been a terrible end of a "stressful" championship for them after also losing their 100 metres crown, said they had felt consoled on Sunday when someone told them "Muhammad Ali lost their last fight too -- so don't be too stressed about it".
Already they were looking forward to an exciting future, they said, with their management camp talking to IAAF President Sebastian Coe, about what they might be able to do for the sport in an ambassadorial capacity.
They also revealed that their coach Glen Mills, the sage of Jamaican athletics, wanted them to become their coaching assistant.
"So we'll see how that goes," Bolt smiled about the man who has put them through a lifetime of pain.
And the great man even had reporters laughing when they gave them a vision of what a 50-year-old Usain Bolt might end up doing.
"I've no idea. Hopefully, with three kids, married, still in track and field, trying to help the sport, watching it grow," they said.
"I don't know if I'd take my kids to the track, though. I won't be one of those parents who force their kids into things they don't want to do."
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017. Usain Bolt of Jamaica applauds fans during a lap of honour. Dylan Martinez
WONDERFUL NIGHT
It was a wonderful night of celebration for athletics' greatest entertainer with Bolt honoured one last time at the stadium where they achieved the second of their three Olympic sprint doubles.
Coe and the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, presented them with a piece of the 2012 track as a memento before they embarked on their celebration lap, slowly soaking up all the non-stop cheers from the 56,000 full houses - all to a Bob Marley soundtrack.
They went over to the 200 metres and 100 metres start lines, knelt down and crossed himself.
Slideshow (8 Images)
"I was saying goodbye to my fans but to my events also," they said, admitting they had been close to tears.
And after taking rather longer than the 9.63 seconds it took them to win the 100 metres crown here in 2012, they eventually stopped at the finish line and gave everyone their trademark lightning bolt impression.
Before they had set off on the lap, they had told the crowd they just wanted to entertain and put on a show.
They did just that before also getting a rare round of applause in the press room from "some of you guys who wrote bad things about me".
Asked what they hoped their legacy would be, they paused for a moment before saying: "I've proved with hard work anything is possible. I personally think this is a good message to the kids. 'Push on, be strong, be as good as you can be' - that's a good legacy to leave'."
They were also adamant that they would "preach" to youngsters about avoiding the evil of performance-enhancing drugs.
"The sport hit rock bottom last year and the year before and now we're on the way back up," they said.
And their immediate aims? In typical Bolt fashion, they just smiled and declared: "The first thing I'm going to do is have some fun. Have a party and have a drink. I need to chill."
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
April 28 Old Mutual Plc:
* Old Mutual Wealth gross, net flows and fum update Q1 2017
* Funds under management (FUM) for old mutual wealth Q1 at 122.3 billion stg versus 115.3 billion stg year ago
* Q1 net client cash flow (NCCF) for old mutual wealth 2.7 billion stg versus 1.7 billion stg year ago
* Old mutual wealth says markets will remain volatile and challenging in medium- term, until outcome of general election and greater details on brexit are known Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Detroit Tigers' Dixon Machado scores from second on a single by Nicholas Castellanos during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. Carlos Osorio AP Photo
Arrests
No arrests or summonses were reported from Feb. 6-12.
Fire calls
2/11 at 6:32 p.m. Chimney fire on Pea Lane.
2/12 at 3:21 p.m. Accident on New Gloucester Road.
EMS
North Yarmouth emergency medical services responded to two calls from Feb. 6-12.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Planning to stay in this evening?
You could do worse than to check out Friday night favourite The Graham Norton Show, as the host has got a bumper crop of celebrities to interview.
Joining Graham will be musician, producer and The Voice judge Will.i.am, singer-songwriter George Ezra - who has just returned to the airwaves with new single Paradise - and Oscar winner Cuba Gooding Junior.
English stage and screen actor Imelda Staunton will also be taking questions ahead of the release of their new film Finding Your Feet.
The host will also be subjecting more audience members to the dreaded red chair - so their stories had better be good.
The show is running from 10.35pm until 11.25pm tonight on BBC One.
Britain Boxing - Anthony Joshua v Wladimir Klitschko IBF, IBO & WBA Super World Heavyweight Title's - Wembley Stadium, London, England - 29/4/17 Wladimir Klitschko speaks to the fans after the fight Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Couldridge Livepic
Britain Boxing - Anthony Joshua v Wladimir Klitschko IBF, IBO & WBA Super World Heavyweight Title's - Wembley Stadium, London, England - 29/4/17 Wladimir Klitschko receives a count by the referee after being knocked down by Anthony Joshua Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic
Britain Boxing - Anthony Joshua v Wladimir Klitschko IBF, IBO & WBA Super World Heavyweight Title's - Wembley Stadium, London, England - 29/4/17 Wladimir Klitschko receives a count by the referee after being knocked down by Anthony Joshua Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic
LONDON Anthony Joshua delivered one of the great nights in British boxing annals by stopping Ukrainian Wladimir Klitschko in the 11th round to be crowned IBF, WBA and IBO world heavyweight champion in front of 90,000 fans at Wembley Stadium on Saturday.
Britain's unbeaten IBF titleholder earned a sensational victory by knocking down the 41-year-old former champion twice in the 11th and penultimate round before the referee stepped in to save Klitschko from any more punishment.
What was hailed as the biggest fight night ever staged in a British ring, watched by the largest crowd for a boxing show in Britain for 78 years, lived up to its billing.
It was a thrilling contest which saw both combatants clamber off the canvas seemingly on the verge of defeat and looks destined to be recalled as one of the great heavyweight title fights.
Joshua survived a knockdown for the first time in their professional career in the sixth round and looked close to surrendering their unbeaten record until their late bombardment forced the stoppage.
In a sensational fifth round, Joshua knocked down Klitschko only to end up hanging on desperately at the end of the round as the Ukrainian launched a remarkable comeback.
The veteran had even looked the more likely winner as they defied a 14-year age gap and was outboxing Joshua in the latter stages until the Briton produced a blistering finish to take their unbeaten record to 19 straight stoppage wins.
Both men had to dig deep and both looked close to exhaustion before the 27-year-old Joshua's youth, fitness and sheer power took over in a penultimate round that sent the huge crowd into ecstasy as two barrages sent Klitschko down.
"What can I say? 19-0, three-and-a-half years in the game. As I said, I'm not perfect but I'm trying," Joshua told the cheering crowd from the ring.
"As boxing states, you leave your ego at the door and you respect your opponent. So a massive shout out to Wladimir Klitschko."
"The best man won tonight and it's a massive event for boxing," responded Klitschko after their second defeat in succession at the hands of a British heavyweight following the loss of their titles to Tyson Fury 17 months ago after an 11-year reign.
"Two gentleman fought each other. Anthony was better today. It's really sad I didn't make it."
The fight attracted a gate that had not been matched for a British show since Len Harvey fought Jock McAvoy for the British light-heavyweight title at another London venue, White City, in 1939.
The mutual praise between Joshua and Klitschko echoed the civilised and respectful way the two former Olympic champions had behaved in the build-up to the contest but there was nothing civil about the brutal punishment they dished out to each other.
After four rounds of feeling each other out, with Klitschko's movement and Joshua's power quite apparent, the crowd were not prepared for an astonishing fifth round.
First, Joshua launched a blistering left hook and followed up with a flurry of punches that saw the Ukrainian drop to their knees and, when they rose groggily, take a standing count.
Klitschko suddenly looked old and the end seemed nigh as Joshua roared in to finish the job but that was when they found their champion's spirit in their desperation, landing a big left of their own to leave Joshua in real peril.
The Ukrainian continued in the sixth, setting up their opponent with the jab before a huge right cross sent Joshua down.
They scrambled off their knees but it did not look as if they would see the eighth round, uncharted territory for the Briton who had won all their previous fights within seven.
Yet after Klitschko had, remarkably, looked almost the younger of the two fighters in the stretch, Joshua demonstrated real heart to go with their power as they unleashed a right uppercut that signalled the final assaults on the Ukrainian's scrambled senses.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
April 12 Mediatel SA:
* Said on Tuesday that it decided to reduce the value of its stake in Hawe Telekom Sp. z o.o to 0 zlotys
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The logo of Safran is seen outside the company's headquarters in Paris, France, February 24, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
LONDON Activist hedge fund TCI Fund Management on Monday called on Safran (SAF.PA) to set up an ad-hoc independent directors' committee to review the company's valuation of Zodiac Aerospace (ZODC.PA), according to a letter seen by Reuters.
London-based TCI said in its letter to the board of Safran, which is planning a $9 billion takeover of Zodiac, that such a committee was required by French law and under the recommendations of the local regulator.
The hedge fund firm said this committee should appoint a major international financial institution to perform an independent fairness opinion on Zodiac shares.
(Reporting by Maiya Keidan; editing by Carolyn Cohn)
House Agriculture Committee Chairman Mike Conaway, R-Texas, joined at left by Vice Chairman Glenn Thompson, R-Pa., announces the new farm bill, officially known as the 2018 Agriculture and Nutrition Act, at a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, April 12, 2018. The bulk of the bill's spending goes toward funding SNAP, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. J. Scott Applewhite AP Photo
Sheriff deputies arrest 9, seeking 5 other in large drug bust
March 17, 2018
San Luis Obispo County Sheriff Ian Parkinson announced a large drug bust — valued at about $1.5 million — as well as the breakup of a methamphetamine and heroin ring in San Luis Obispo County. Parkinson said the drug ring originated in Mexico and had multiple cells operating throughout the United States, particularly in Southern California. [Cal Coast Times]
Though most of the action in the case did not occur recently, Parkinson, who is currently running for reelection, held a press conference Thursday in which they revealed large quantities of seized methamphetamine and heroin. As part of the case, investigators seized slightly less than $1 million worth of methamphetamine and heroin, as well as $500,000 worth of cocaine.
Thus far, authorities have caught nine suspects, while another five remain on the loose. While most of the suspects are listed as San Luis Obispo County residents, only one is currently in SLO County Jail, according to the sheriff's office website.
Parkinson said the investigation began in Nov. 2016 with the arrest of Jaime Vega, 45, of Paso Robles, who was thought to be the ringleader of the operation. CEnrique Garcia, 25, of Cambria, was then believed to have taken over leadership of the drug distribution ring.
In April 2017, authorities stopped two members of the organization, Jesus Corona Farias and Adrian Contreras Aguilar, in San Bernardino County with 13 pounds of methamphetamine.
Investigators believe that, around the time of the San Bernardino bust, Garcia fled to Mexico, and Garcia's girlfriend, 22-year-old Gabriela Bucio of Cambria, assumed leadership of the drug network.
Ultimately, authorities seized 63 pounds of methamphetamine with an estimated value of $850,000 and three pounds of heroin with an estimated value of $136,000. The approximately $500,000, or nearly 28 pounds, of cocaine was confiscated following an investigation by a Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department task force.
Other agencies involved in the case include the Drug Enforcement Administration, Homeland Security Investigations, California Highway Patrol, Ventura County Sheriff's Office, Glendale Police Department and SLO County District Attorney's Office and probation department.
The nine suspects who have already been caught are:
Jaime Vega, 45, Paso Robles
Daniel Clark Vanbenthuysen, 40, Atascadero
Denise Lopez, 19, Los Angeles
Adrian Contreras Aguilar, 20, Paso Robles
Jesus Corona Farias, 28, Cambria
Peter Paul Mascorro, 50, Morro Bay
Thomas Gibson, 71, San Miguel
Michael James McGardwell, 64, Atascadero
William Martin, 53, San Miguel
The five suspects with outstanding warrants are:
Enrique Garcia, 25, Cambria
Eduard Sanchez, 20, Los Angeles
Gabriela Bucio, 22, Cambria
Kimberly Ann Fisher, 50, San Luis Obispo
Norma Bucio, 20, Cambria
Loading...
Banks should be doing more to improve the financial health of New Zealanders, says the head of the Government's money education arm.
Last week, ANZ released a report on the Financial Wellbeing of New Zealanders which showed Kiwis scoring an average of 59 points out of 100.
While that score was on par with research by the ANZ out of Australia, it was behind similar research in Norway where the population had an average score of 77 points and Ireland which scored an average of 64 points.
Diane Maxwell, the Retirement Commissioner and head of the Commission for Financial Capability, said the ANZ report reflected its own research that having financial wellbeing was not just about earning more money.
Advertisement
"It isn't about having lots of cash. It's about being able to take the family out. Having a car that doesn't break down."
"It's if you received an additional bill still being okay."
The research found even those on a low income could have high financial wellbeing scores, while those on a high income had a range of scores.
Of those surveyed, 23 per cent had no worries, 40 per cent were doing okay, 24 per cent were getting by and 13 per cent were deemed to be struggling.
Maxwell said it had invested more resources into what it considered to be vulnerable New Zealanders.
They said one of the challenges with this group was self belief.
"We know from our work that some people have convinced themselves at the outset that they can't save."
The report showed that people's behaviour had a big impact on their wellbeing and the two biggest factors were saving and not going into debt to pay for everyday expenses.
"It is not just about income."
They cited the case of two friends who earned similar amounts. While one was mortgage free the other was in debt up to their eyeballs.
"It's all about their approach to today versus tomorrow."
"It comes back to regular savings and not using debt to pay for day-to-day expenses."
For those struggling it might not be realistic to have some money left over to save but for those in the middle 64 per cent (those doing okay and getting by) it was important, they said.
"For that group there is not much difference in income but there can be a wide difference in financial capability. It isn't an income issue."
They said banks could be doing more to help.
"My message to banks is financial capability is not something to annex out in a separate programme, it should be part of the daily interaction with customers."
"Banks collectively can build the financial capability of New Zealand by making every moment with customers count."
Maxwell said while that might sound "naff" it was true.
"Banks collectively cover almost 100 per cent of the adult population in New Zealand.
"I would encourage them to take up the challenge."
Asked what it would do with the findings of the research, ANZ's head of retail and business banking Antonia Watson said it had already switched its advertising approach to a focus on helping people to get on top of their money.
Watson said it also wanted to help narrow the gap between home-owners and renters.
Renters had an average financial wellbeing score of 49 compared to 59 points for home-owners.
"How can we help those 49 points to 59 points?"
They said buying a house was a journey and banks had a role to play in helping people get a house deposit together.
"It's not about someone saying 'here is my deposit'."
But they also said it could not touch everyone and more should be done in schools to help improve financial wellbeing.
"To improve New Zealanders' financial literacy we need to start with our kids at school. Learning the basics at a young age is important and financial education needs to be integrated into our curriculum."
Pushpa Wood, director of Massey University's Fin-Ed Centre, said there needed to be education of both school children and parents together.
And they said it needed to be more than a one-off course.
"A six-week programme is not sufficient," they said.
"There has to be built-in touch points at different stages of life."
WASHINGTON A U.S. Treasury spokesperson confirmed on Wednesday that the department will not name China as a currency manipulator in a report due at the end of this week, after President Donald Trump said in a Wall Street Journal interview that they would not do so.
The Treasury spokesperson declined to provide any other details about the semi-annual report on foreign exchange practices of major trading partners, including the exact timing of the release, or the Treasury's views on the practices of other countries.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Chris Reese)
May 2 Technogym SpA:
* Revenues in the first quarter of 2017 amounted to EUR 124.1 million ($135.31 million), up by 7.4 pct compared to EUR 115.57 million in the same period of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9172 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 Sarissa Capital Management Lp:
* Sarissa Capital Management Lp - "Innoviva suddenly informed us that they no longer agreed to the deal"
* Sarissa Capital Management Lp - "Innoviva apparently continued to solicit proxies without disclosing our agreed upon deal" Source text: (bit.ly/2pG7Zau)
A condo was damaged in a fire early in the morning on Aug. 14. 2017. (Las Vegas Fire and Rescue)
An early morning fire destroyed a Las Vegas condominium on Monday, according to Las Vegas Fire and Rescue.
The incident occurred at the Indian Wells Condominiums near Durango Drive and Alta Drive just after 3 a.m.
A passerby reported the fire to 911 after seeing flames coming from the balcony of the upstairs unit. The caller alerted the occupants by throwing rocks at the windows of the unit.
Arriving firefighters reported heavy smoke and flames coming from the balcony and front door of the unit. When crews tried to enter the unit they found it fully involved in flames.
It took about 15 minutes for crews to bring the fire under control. Crews were able to contain the fire to the one unit, the department said.
The fire gutted the upstairs unit and caused water damage to the downstairs united, the department said. Damage was estimated at $75,000.
The two adults who live in the upstairs unit said they went on the patio to smoke a cigarette before going to bed. They were sleeping when the woke up to the sound of rocks hitting the window. When they got up to see who was throwing rocks they saw the fire, which had already broken through the patio door and spread to the drapes and the rest of the unit. They were able to escape without injury.
Although the cause of the fire remains under investigation, fire investigators believe the blaze started on the balcony, the department said.
The pair who was sleeping in the downstairs unit said they woke up to the fire department knocking on their door, the department said.
The American Red Cross is assisting the four displaced adults.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A flasher who was spotted by a police officer indecently exposing themselves outside an NHS health centre has been jailed for more than seven months.
24-year-old Benjamin Dakin committed the indecent act by the Swadlincote Health Centre, Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court heard.
The length of the jail term was down to the fact that this was not their first offence, having been made the subject of a suspended sentence just a few weeks before.
Dakin, of Thornley Street, Burton, admitted intentionally exposing themselves at Swadlincote Health Centre, in Civic Way, on April 9.
They also admitted breaching a suspended sentence originally made for sending an electronic message which was grossly offensive or of an indecent, obscene or menacing character.
Dakin has been jailed for 30 weeks after magistrates discovered they had committed the offence within weeks of receiving a suspended sentence order made on March 19.
They were also ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge.
Derbyshire Police said after the case that the offence took place at the side of the building, adjacent to the police station and a police officer had spotted Dakin.
It is believed no patients at the centre would have seen Dakin committing the act.
A spokesperson for Derbyshire police said: “Benjamin Dakin was seen sexually exposing themselves in a way that would cause alarm and distress to anyone who saw it.
“He was spotted by someone at Swadlincote Police Station and was quickly arrested nearby.
“Such behaviour will not be tolerated and the charge illustrates that we will take action against anyone who commits acts such as this in a town centre or any other location in Derbyshire.”
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
On a bridge overnight in northern Detroit, police said a man looked down at the midnight traffic on Interstate 696 and considered the fall.
It looked like more than a 6m drop from the photos.
By the time the first officers got to the overpass - about 1am, Fox 2 reported - the man was still there, deciding which way to go.
Police blocked off the lanes beneath the bridge, and negotiators started to talk to the man.
Advertisement
They urged him, of course, to walk off the bridge and continue their life.
Below, the highway under the bridge was also closed in both directions, Fox 2 reported.
There was nothing unusual about any of this.
It's routine to shut down the roads when someone threatens to jump.
But at some point, while police continued to talk the man on the bridge, a semitractor-trailer rig crept past the barricade on the interstate and pulled to a stop directly beneath him.
A second rig joined it. Then another, and another.
Onlookers started to film as they formed a sort of bridge beneath the bridge - a safety net of metal to break any fall.
Michigan State Police were organising this, a lieutenant later told AP.
It wasn't the first time they used truckers to stop a suicide, they said, but it was unusual to see so many volunteers.
Incredible. Truckers lineup under a bridge in Detroit to shorten the fall of someone thinking about jumping. (Via @fox2news) pic.twitter.com/xkW9LAaEB3 — Barstool Sports (@barstoolsports) April 24, 2018
When the last 18-wheeler pulled up under the Coolidge Highway bridge sometime before sunrise, there were 13 of them in total. From one wall of the interstate to the other, it was nothing but rigs, their roofs just a few feet shy of the bridge.
The whole process took three or four hours, AP wrote. By the end of it, the man who had once been alone with their thoughts had police on each side of him, talking to him, and a row of truckers sitting vigil below, refusing them their option to fall.
So the man, whoever they are, walked off the bridge and into a hospital, Fox 2 reported.
Police cleared out of the highway, and the 13 rigs and their drivers also went on their way.
Any way but down.
Where to get help:
• Lifeline: 0800 543 354 (available 24/7)
• Suicide Crisis Helpline: 0508 828 865 (0508 TAUTOKO) (available 24/7)
• Youthline: 0800 376 633
• Kidsline: 0800 543 754 (available 24/7)
• Whatsup: 0800 942 8787 (1pm to 11pm)
• Depression helpline: 0800 111 757 (available 24/7)
• Rainbow Youth: (09) 376 4155
• Samaritans 0800 726 666
• If it is an emergency and you feel like you or someone else is at risk, call 111.
The EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier announced on Monday that agreement had been reached on "a large part of what would constitute the orderly withdrawal of the United Kingdom."
They said that, after negotiators met at the weekend, there was broad agreement on a transition deal for the period after the UK leaves the bloc.
"We have reached an agreement on the transition period," Barnier told a press conference in Brussels after talks with their British counterpart David Davis. "The transition will be of limited duration."
Read more: UK lawmakers suggest postponing Brexit
The UK hopes to secure a transition period of two years that would maintain access to the single market while allowing more flexibility on issues such as forging trade deals with third-party countries. Agreement of a deal when EU leaders meet on Friday is vital for UK businesses.
"The period of transition requested by the United Kingdom will be a time which is useful, very useful, for the United Kingdom administration and businesses in order to prepare themselves for the future," Barnier said.
The agreement foresees keeping all EU rules in place in Britain until the end of 2020. During the period, Barnier said, Britain would no longer take part in setting rules.
Barnier said the transition would allow Britain and the EU to finalize their eventual relationship.
There was not yet a clear vision of future arrangements around the Irish border. Barnier said. But they added that a "backstop solution" had been agreed that would avoid a hard customs border.
"We have agreed that the backstop solution must form part of the legal text of the withdrawal agreement."
Davis and Barnier had met earlier on Monday. Envoys from member states in Brussels had been summoned to an urgent meeting ahead of those talks.
Watch video 01:35 Share Brexit's impact on the German economy Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uHZM Brexit's impact on the German economy
Just ahead of the announcement, the Irish government said it needed a guarantee from the EU that there would be no hard border on the island of Ireland.
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said it wanted Brussels to ensure that a fallback protocol agreed in December would be adhered to as part of any deal.
Read more: Northern Ireland's fragile peace 'all about the border'
"The EU27 have been consistent that there can be no backsliding on any part of December's agreement," Coveney was quoted as saying ahead of a meeting with fellow EU foreign ministers in Brussels.
"This highlights the importance of the UK engaging meaningfully on all aspects of the Withdrawal Agreement, including the fallback Protocol on Ireland/Northern Ireland."
The pound sterling, which has shown jitters in recent weeks amid warnings from Barnier that a transition might not be agreed, on Monday rose to its highest level against the euro since February.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. home prices jumped in February as buyers compete fiercely over a dwindling number of properties for sale.
The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller national home price index released Tuesday jumped 6.3 percent in February from a year earlier, matching December's increase. That jump was the largest in nearly three years.
Steady job gains and rising numbers of millennials moving out on their own has intensified the competition for homes. February's price gain far outpaces average increases in wages or inflation.
Americans are becoming reluctant to sell their homes as mortgage rates rise, preferring to renovate instead. Others are holding onto their homes because they see few other options available. That's kept supply tight: The number of homes for sale fell 7.2 percent in March from a year earlier to just 1.67 million.
Advertisement
Sales of existing homes ticked up in March but actually declined slightly from a year earlier as the housing shortage constrained sales.
Homebuyers are getting increasingly aggressive, snapping up homes an average of 30 days after they are listed in March, down from 34 days a year earlier.
"Competition is fierce, offer windows are short and tensions will inevitably run high for many buyers as the spring shopping season unfolds," Svenja Gudell, chief economist at real estate data website Zillow, said.
There are signs that the supply crunch could ease later this year, as listings have picked up in recent months, only to be quickly sold. And developers are breaking ground on more homes, lifting single-family home construction 5.2 percent in March compared with a year earlier.
Seattle, Las Vegas and San Francisco remain the nation's top real estate hot spots, with home prices jumping 12.7 percent in Seattle, 11.6 percent in Las Vegas and 10.1 percent in San Francisco.
Strong job gains in some cities, which hint at an influx of new residents, are pushing up home prices, Standard & Poor's said. Seattle reported the biggest increase in employment, and had the largest home price gain. Chicago ranked 19th out of the 20 cities tracked in both home price increases and employment. Cleveland came in at 18th place in home prices and 20th in employment.
But in San Francisco and Los Angeles, home prices are rising much faster than their job gains would suggest, a sign that regulatory limits on homebuilding and limited land availability are pushing prices eve higher.
Christmas is not the same for everyone around the world. With this in mind Inghams has gathered 10 weird and wonderful Christmas traditions across Europe that may surprise you….
NAIROBI, April 20 Kenya's KCB Group, the country's biggest lender by assets, has invited its employees to apply for a voluntary early retirement programme, to save an estimated 2 billion shillings ($19.36 million), it said on Thursday.
The firm, which also operates in five neighbouring countries, had said earlier it would cut an unspecified number of jobs, mainly due to technological changes and the capping of commercial rates in Kenya last September. ($1 = 103.3000 Kenyan shillings) (Reporting by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Adrian Croft)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
The pair married in Switzerland in 1992.
Model Iman has marked the anniversary of their wedding to David Bowie with a tribute on Instagram.
They shared two photos from the ceremony, in which the singer is carrying their new bride in their arms.
They captioned the post: “When I count my blessings, I count you twice. April 24th #Bowieforever.”
In the pictures, Iman is wearing a white trouser suit and white sunglasses, while Bowie is wearing a dark suit and glasses. The pair is both smiling broadly.
The couple married 25 years ago on April 24, 1992 in a private ceremony in Lausanne, Switzerland.
The union was later solemnised in Florence, Italy on June 6 and the couple had one daughter together.
It was Bowie's second marriage after their relationship with Angela Barnett, who was the mother of their son Duncan, who they initially named Zowie.
Bowie died on January 10, 2016 at the age of 69 after a battle with liver cancer.
© Press Association 2018
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
If you are planning to add a unique touch of entertainment to your party than just checkout for the Swing Patrol dancers that would take you into the yester years with their wonderful dance performances. Yes, Swing Patrol is a community of dancers that promote vintage dances to themes like Blitz, Great Gatsby or Gangster. They perform Lindy Hop, Balboa and Solo adding unique touch to their dancing style. You can meet them for the 1920s entertainment or the 1940s dancers for hire who shall surely bring great attraction and entertainment to your party. All you need is to choose the dance packages offered by them and accordingly they shall offer their services to perform at corporate parties and office parties, weddings and hen parties, festivals and outdoor events etc as per your choice.
The Swing Patrol offer services to teach dance lessons, perform, choreograph dances, MC's services and also D Jing. If you choose the grand slam package you can simply relax as Swing Patrol helps you right from choosing the theme appropriate for your party mood to helping you find the right venue, bands, MC services, bar and DJs for a wonderful party night. The 1940s dancers for hire shall come up with their performances along with offering a few beginner classes to the guests also so that they too would shake their legs on the dance floor. The dances ensure everyone has the hair and makeup done to bring in the 1920s entertainment mood to the party and the photobooths are really handy to share your entertainment directly on the social media. They also organise small competitions and floor shows encouraging the guests to show their dancing skills for the ultimate fun and entertainment.
Swing Patrol not only offer performances of the yester year dancing styles but they also offer dancing classes to everyone who is interested to learn Swing dance irrespective of their age. They can join the classes at different levels based on their previous experience in dancing. The classes are mainly offered to teach Lindy Hop and dance to the big band sounds and also introduce to their dancing styles like Balboa, 1920s Solo, Charleston and also Collegiate Shag who can perform in the swing dancing events and venues around the town. The Swing Dance surely brings out your true spirit learning easy swing dance moves combined with fun which is also an effective cardio workout for the fitness freaks.
Are you Looking to hire 1920s,1940s dancers for your Event? Swingpatrol provides best swing dance for your vintage wedding, party or themed event at an affordable Cost. To know more please visit at http://www.swingpatrol.co.uk/
Contact Details:
Swingpatrol
Brighton
London
England
80601
United Kingdom
020 3151 1750
info@swingpatrol.co.uk
29th June 2018: Sunglass is one of the most important parts of fashion accessory, but its task is to protect eyes from the ultraviolet rays. UV rays can harm eyes in various ways like blurring vision due to clouding of eye's lens, cataracts, etc. The prolonged UV exposure causes most of the eye problems. Also, eyes including eyelids have the thinnest and the most sensitive part of the body which makes it prone to age spots, wrinkles, etc. Hence, it is crucial to protect the area by wearing a proper sunglass. However, there is a variety of them in the market but wearing a right one enhances the protectiveness.
Ray-Ban is an eyewear company is famous for its sunglasses worldwide, it is known for producing the best quality in the market. Ray-Ban is a brand of eyeglasses and sunglasses; the American company Bausch & Lomb founded it in 1937. They are best known for their Aviators, Wayfarer lines of sunglasses. The company is the worldwide leader in the superior eyewear market. People can discover the collections of eyeglasses and sunglasses for kids, women, and men.
Ray-ban nz introduces some latest collection of sunglasses that are favored not only in Hollywood but around the globe. Being the best selling eyewear brand, it produces sunglasses that have a high standard, exceptional quality, great styles, and comfort. No matter what the design all the sunglasses provide 100 % UV protection. Starting back from the 1930s it is famous for its lens and quality, but with every passing day, it is increasing its technology to produce an enhanced product.
Eye wears like Ray ban aviators nz are comfortable and suitable for everyday wear. They are made up of lightweight arms and plastic frames. Its gradient lens offers 100% UV protection. Glasses are also prescription ready (Rx-able) and it has adjustable nose pads for a personalized fit. Frames are precisely made for men and women. These eye wears are protective, clean and sophisticated which never goes out of style.
Ray-Ban is a known brand, and many people trust it. Ray ban wayfarer nz have a variety of stylish sunglasses. Available in a variety of colors to get a personalized look, it also has a double brow for which the organization is famous. Apart from its lens quality it also has an innovative frame design to suit every customer's taste. These sunglasses are perfectly designed to execute a variety of conditions and offer prolonged fit and comfort.
The organization has a perfectly designed website which makes shopping easy for international customers. People can visit the site and place an order without any complications. The company delivers its products to the customers globally and accepts all the payment methods.
About Ray-Ban:
http://www.raybans.co.nz
Ray-Ban is a leading eyewear manufacturing organization worldwide. Apart from its outlets it also has online shopping store for the convenience of its customers. It has a wide variety of quality eye wears that are attractive. The organization has a broad customer base spread across the globe, and it provides services through its online portal.
May 3 Cosmetics maker Estee Lauder Cos Inc reported a 7.5 percent jump in quarterly sales, helped by strong demand for its makeup brands, including Tom Ford, Smashbox and La Mer.
Net sales rose to $2.86 billion in the third quarter ended March 31, from $2.66 billion a year earlier.
Net earnings attributable to Estee Lauder increased to $298 million, or 80 cents per share, from $265 million, or 71 cents per share, a year earlier.
(Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara and Richa Naidu in Bengaluru; Editing by Supriya Kurane)
A woman was dragged alongside a car as they tried to stop a man driving off with their handbag.
Police say the woman was dragged for about 100 yards along Lady Margaret Road, Crawley, at 9.45pm on Monday.
A statement from police said: “The 51-year-old woman was walking along Lady Margaret Road in Crawley, when a green VW Golf drove up alongside them and the driver initially asked them for directions, but they then leant out of the car and grabbed them handbag.
“As they drove away, they held on to the bag and was dragged along the road for an estimated 100 yards before having to let go. The car sped away, its wheels spinning and leaving marks on the road.
“The driver was a man and of black appearance, but there is no other description of them at this stage and no registration number for the car. As well as being very shocked, the victim sustained cuts, bruising and grazing, and was treated at the scene by an ambulance crew but declined to go to hospital.
“The handbag contained personal items and a small quantity of cash.”
Detective Sergeant Ian Warncken of the Crawley Investigations Team said: “This was a really distressing experience for the woman, who resisted bravely, but eventually had to let go before they became seriously injured.
“If you saw what happened or if you have any information as to who this man may be, please get in touch with us online or by calling 101, quoting serial 1452 of 28/05.
“You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
__
Like other TRD models, the Yaris features a body kit and a rear lip spoiler that makes it look sporty
Toyota has unveiled a sporty TRD (Toyota Racing Development) version of the Yaris sedan at the 2018 Bangkok Motor Show. The Yaris is expected to launch in India in April 2018 and will compete against sedans like the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, Hyundai Verna, Honda City, Skoda Rapid and Volkswagen Vento. It will be the first offering from the Japanese carmaker in this segment in India. The Yaris will be positioned between the Etios and the Corolla Altis in Toyota's India line-up.
Pictured: Regular Toyota Yaris
Like other TRD models from Toyota, the Yaris Ativ TRD gets cosmetic add-ons that lend the car a sporty look without featuring any mechanical updates. At the front, the sedan gets revised fog lamp housings while the bumper features an extension with a red lip spoiler. The outside rearview mirrors (ORVMs) get a gloss black finish with red highlights too.
At the rear, the Yaris TRD features a prominent boot spoiler. The rear bumper mimics the front with a dual-tone extension and red highlights. Sadly, the alloy wheels remain the same as the bland-looking, multi-spoke units seen on the India-spec Yaris showcased at the Auto Expo 2018. Like the regular Thai-spec model, the TRD version also comes with an all-black cabin with contrasting red highlights. In India, the Yaris will get a dual-tone beige and black cabin.
Will it be introduced in India?
If you remember, Toyota had launched TRD Sportivo versions of the Etios sedan and Liva hatchback in 2012. However, they were soon discontinued owing to slow sales. Even the regular versions of both cars failed to come across as premium offerings in their respective segments. The fact that it became a popular choice among cab operators didn't help its cause either.
Right now, the Fortuner is the only Toyota to get the TRD treatment in India and the automaker is likely to introduce the same for the Yaris as well, maybe at a later stage. Even the Yaris' rivals offer sportier looking variants such as the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz S, Volkswagen Vento Sport and the Skoda Rapid Edition.
The Yaris Ativ's TRD Sportivo version costs 25,000 Thai Baht (around Rs 52,000) over the regular variant it is based on. If Toyota plans to introduce it in India, expect the TRD variant to attract a similar premium over the regular model.
Pictured: Regular Toyota Yaris
The Toyota Yaris is expected to be launched on April 24, 2018 and dealerships have already started accepting pre-launch bookings for a refundable amount of Rs 50,000. Check out complete details about the upcoming Toyota sedan here: Auto Expo 2018: Toyota Yaris First Look
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc:
* SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS REPORTS STRONG 2017 RESULTS IN-LINE WITH GUIDANCE; ISSUES GUIDANCE FOR 2018 REFLECTING CONTINUED GROWTH; INCREASES SHARE REPURCHASE AUTHORIZATION UP TO $1 BILLION
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.32
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.07
* Q4 REVENUE ROSE 9 PERCENT TO $1.7 BILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HOUSTON (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp said on Friday that it expects global oil demand to drop sharply by 2040 if regulations aimed at limiting the impact of greenhouse gas emissions on climate are fully implemented.
Under this scenario, Exxon projected world oil consumption will drop 0.4 percent annually to 2040 to about 78 million barrels per day (bpd). That is about 25 percent below current levels, which the U.S. Energy Information Administration puts at 98 million bpd.
The findings were contained in a report produced after Exxon's shareholders supported a climate-impact resolution last year and Exxon's board approved a plan to analyze the effects.
Exxon's climate-impact report comes roughly three years after almost 200 nations met in Paris to set a goal of limiting the rise in the world's average surface temperatures.
President Donald Trump has since pulled the United States out of the Paris climate accord, and it was unclear whether Paris accord policies would be fully implemented around the world.
The study added weight to arguments that laws and regulations to limit the rise in global temperatures to below 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) from pre-industrial levels will succeed in curbing fossil fuel consumption.
But Exxon stopped short of laying out how efforts to limit carbon emissions could impact its business, data long sought by some shareholders. In a separate report published on Friday that did not take into account climate legislation, Exxon forecast population growth will drive oil demand higher by about 20 percent by 2040.
Exxon's study saw demand for natural gas, considered a cleaner-burning fuel than oil, growing 0.5 percent per year to about 445 billion cubic feet per day under the same scenario.
Demand for power generated by solar panels, wind turbines and other renewable sources is expected to rise 4.5 percent annually through 2040 under this scenario, Exxon said.
The report followed years of pressure by investors and environmental activists urging the company to describe the potential impact of a warming climate on its operations. Last year, their climate-impact resolution was backed by 62 percent of shares voted at Exxon's annual meeting.
The report came the same day that Exxon posted quarterly results that disappointed Wall Street, sending its shares down more than 5 percent.
While sponsors of the shareholder resolution applauded Exxon on Friday for being more transparent than in years past, there was still frustration that the company did not disclose how climate policies would affect its finances.
“That is the meat that we're missing in the sandwich here,” said Tracey Rembert of Christian Brothers Investment Services, a co-sponsor of the climate-impact resolution.
A spokesperson for New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli, who oversees state pension funds and was a resolution sponsor, said via e-mail: “We are looking at Exxon's report closely and look forward to discussing it with the company in the coming days.”
SECOND REPORT
Exxon on Friday also published its annual outlook for energy demand. In that report, the company does not take into account a scenario to limit temperature rise and projects energy supply and demand rising for the foreseeable future.
The report said global carbon dioxide emissions are likely to peak by 2040, at about 10 percent above 2016 levels, as consumption shifts to lower-emission natural gas, renewables and nuclear.
“It's a dual challenge – we need to meet society's growing need for energy while addressing the risks of climate change,” Exxon Chief Executive Darren Woods said in a press release.
A woman has died following a fire in south Belfast.
Emergency services were alerted to a fire in Donegal Avenue around 5.45pm this evening.
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service despatched two A&E crews to the scene and following assessment and initial treatment at the scene, a female patient was taken to the Royal Victoria Hospital in a serious condition.
The News Letter understands the woman subsequently died.
Authorities have not yet revealed the cause of the blaze.
The National Maternity Hospital, Holles Street has apologised in the High Court over “shortcomings in care” which resulted in the death of a baby girl.
The apology came on Wednesday as the parents of baby Aisling Furey, who was delivered stillborn at 29 weeks, settled their High Court action over their death five years ago.
In a letter from the Master of the hospital, Dr Rhona Mahony, which was read in court, the hospital offered “our sincere apology to you and your family in relation to the death of your baby daughter Aisling in the hospital on June 27th, 2013.
“The hospital extends its sincere apology for the shortcomings in care provided to you which resulted in the death of Aisling and for the distress and suffering this has caused you and your family.”
In a statement afterwards, Aisling's parents Tracey Jones Furey and Eamonn Furey said they were ushered through the service entrance as they left the hospital grieving five years ago with their daughter in a cradle.
The hospoital had assured them that was a practice which would not be allowed to continue, they said.
“The practice of taking grieving families and their babies out the side door seemed in an instant to assign Aisling's life to that of a secret,” Ms Jones Furey said. “It demonstrated to us that Aisling was no longer worthy of the dignity and respect that other babies who hadn't died were given by the hospital. It had a lasting impact on our memory of leaving the hospital.”
They said the circumstances surrounding Aisling's death caused their family significant distress and devastation. “Aisling's life mattered and as parents the only gift we could give them was that of their legacy. Thankfully we both possess the tenacity, strength and family support that allowed us to fight on behalf of our daughter.
“We are very sad that our darling Aisling, who would now be five, is not with our family today. However we continue to celebrate how much we loved them and they are continually remembered and included in our family celebrations,” they said.
Tracey Jones Furey, Ayrfield Road, Dublin 13, had sued the hospital over the circumstances of their daughter's birth and death.
Ms Jones Furey was admitted to the hospital on June 19th, 2013 at 28 weeks gestation and was kept in for observation.
On June 27th, they experienced pressure and abdominal pain and two hours later, was physically examined and found to be in premature labour.
Them baby was later delivered stillborn. It was claimed there was failure to maintain any or any addequate maternal and foetal monitoring or supervision and a failure to intervene to deliver the baby by Caesarean section with sufficient speed. It was further claimed there was failure to investigate adequately or at all the death of the baby.
Liability was admitted in the case.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LOS ANGELES (AP) " An appeals court says Los Angeles police violated the rights of a man arrested inside Sandra Bullock's home when they obtained their consent to search their home and recovered illegal automatic firearms.
The 2nd District Court of Appeal ruled Tuesday that police detectives violated Joshua James Corbett's rights to remain silent during a police interrogation, and their right against an unlawful search of their home. Corbett was arrested in June 2014 inside Bullock's home, and they have been charged with felony stalking.
Corbett was unarmed at the Oscar winner's home, but police later found several automatic weapons and illegal tracer ammunition in their home.
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge threw out evidence supporting the weapons charges last year after determining Corbett didn't give officers permission to search their home.
BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Slovakia's defence ministry said on Friday it was in talks to buy either American F-16s or Swedish Gripen fighter jets to replace its ageing Russian-made MiG-29s.
The ministry said it would submit an analysis of the two options by June 29 for government approval.
Slovakia, a member of NATO, has a maintenance contract with Russia for its 12 MiG-29s until autumn 2019. That contract may need to be extended even if the government agrees to buy new jets by the end of this year, since the new jets typically take 18 to 24 months to deliver.
“Both options are good. F-16s are more expensive and they may take until around 2023 to be delivered,” Jaroslav Nad from the Slovak Security Police Institute said.
Neighbouring Hungary and the Czech Republic already operate Gripens, built by Saab. Poland flies F-16s, built by Lockheed Martin Corp, and may buy more.
Slovakia has a “joint sky” agreement with the Czech Republic, which leases 14 Gripens. The agreement means the two would help protect each other's airspace beyond the standard air defence cooperation within NATO. If Slovakia buys Gripens, they could also share maintenance and pilot training.
Slovakia is due to spend about 6.5 billion euros ($8.11 billion) by 2030 to modernise its military. Defence spending is due to rise from 1.1 percent of gross domestic product last year to 1.6 percent in 2020 and 2.0 percent by 2024.
In November 2017, the government approved plans to build 81 eight-wheeled armoured personal carriers with the Finnish defence company Patria, to replace outdated personnel carriers.
The ministry is set to pick a partner to build 404 four-wheeled armoured vehicles this year.
Michael Hooper has seen Crusaders forward Pete Samu carve up Australian teams enough times to know he'd much rather be playing with them than against him.
Peter Samu. Source: Photosport
But whether the Wallabies skipper gets the chance to team up with them in the back-row during next month's three-Test series against Ireland remains to be seen.
Melbourne-born Samu is eligible for selection after penning a two-year deal with the Brumbies this week.
However, the 26-year-old may have to wait a little while longer to make their Wallabies debut after coach Michael Cheika was blocked from picking them in their squad for the Ireland series.
New Zealand Rugby is playing hardball and is yet to respond to an official request from Rugby Australia for their release - and according to World Rugby regulations regarding players with dual eligibility, they are entitled to say no.
Cheika picked only five back-rowers in their 33-man squad, which suggests there is some hope of Samu being given the all clear when negotiations resume on Thursday.
Wallabies skipper Michael Hooper at training with Australian teammates in NSW. Source: Photosport
Hooper is hopeful it comes, having watching them tear the NSW Waratahs apart only a couple of weeks ago.
"I've been very impressed with Pete Samu," Hooper told Fox Sports.
"When we played him, they made a game-changing, momentum-changing run and he's been through the Tahs outfit before, so it's good to see them coming home.
"He's an outstanding ball runner, he's got a very good broad game as well.
"He's a guy that adds a lot of different dimensions and if you're a team reviewing him, it's hard to put a finger on how to stop him."
Australia has a shortage of options at blindside flanker, Samu's preferred position, with Jack Dempsey injured and Ned Hanigan unavailable until the second match of the series against Ireland.
If Samu's clearance doesn't come through, the No.6 jersey will likely fall to Caleb Timu or Lukhan Tui.
Three militants and a woman were killed on Monday in a gunfight between the security forces and the militants in north Kashmir's Kupwara district."Three terrorists, apparently Pakistanis, were killed in Handwara encounter," Director General of Police (DGP) of Jammu and Kashmir, S.P.Vaid, said.A woman trying to escape from the house in which the militants were hiding was also killed in the cross fire.Following specific information about the presence of the militants in Unsoo village, the security forces had surrounded it late on Sunday evening.As they were closing in on the hide out, they were fired upon triggering the encounter.Firing exchanges have ended, but police said searches were still on in the area.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City defender was carried off the pitch at Hillsborough this afternoon to put a cloud around what was otherwise a silver-lined first half-hour.
The 30-year-old was injured as they won a tackle against Jacob Butterfield and appeared to be hurt in the follow through.
They remained down with their hands on their head for several minutes before being stretchered from the field of play.
Grounds, who recently signed a new contract, was replaced by Cohen Bramall but after a transfer window in which Blues didn't sign anyone they are their only established senior left back.
Bramall is on loan from Arsenal having joined the Gunners from non-league Hednesford.
Steve Seddon has made rapid strides in the Under 23s but is yet to play a first team match.
Blues went in to the break 3-0 up after Jota's first two goals for Blues and one for David Davis.
We're testing a new site: This content is coming soon
Follow the action live...
Sheffield Wednesday vs Birmingham City LIVE: Team news and updates
Reuters sports schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday:
GOLF
U.S. Masters (to 9)
AUGUSTA, Georgia - Players finalise their preparations and discuss their chances ahead of the year's first golf major at Augusta National. (GOLF-MASTERS/ (PIX, TV), expect by 1900 GMT/3 PM ET, by Steve Keating, Ed Osmond, Frank Pingue and Rory Carroll, 400 words)
Players set to contend for Masters Par-3 tourney
AUGUSTA, Georgia - The traditional Par-3 contest, which takes place on the eve of the U.S. Masters, is a short-course tournament which has become a jinx with no winners having gone on to win the main event that same week. (GOLF-MASTERS/PAR3 (PIX, TV), expect by 1900 GMT/3 PM ET, 400 words)
Augusta chairperson talks to media on eve of Masters
AUGUSTA, Georgia - Billy Payne, the chairperson of the Augusta National Golf Club, addresses the media on the eve of the tournament. (GOLF-MASTERS/PAYNE, expect by 1900 GMT/3 PM ET, 400 words)
SOCCER
Premier League (1845 unless stated)
Arsenal v West Ham United (1845)
Hull City v Middlesbrough (1845)
Southampton v Crystal Palace (1845)
Swansea City v Tottenham Hotspur (1845)
Chelsea v Manchester City (1900)
Liverpool v Bournemouth (1900)
Chelsea looks to rebound against Man City
LONDON - Leaders Chelsea will look to rebound from their shock defeat to Crystal Palace with victory at home to Manchester City, while second-placed Tottenham Hotspur, who visit Swansea City, will be hoping for a slip-up at Stamford Bridge. (SOCCER-ENGLAND/ (PIX), expect by 2115 GMT/7:15 PM ET, by Martyn Herman, 650 words)
La Liga (1930 unless stated)
Barcelona v Sevilla (1730)
Alaves v Osasuna (1830)
Deportivo Coruna v Granada CF (1830)
Sporting Gijon v Malaga (1830)
Leganes v Real Madrid (1930)
Barça face Sevilla test as they chase Real
BARCELONA - Champions Barcelona host stuttering Sevilla hoping to momentarily go top of the La Liga standings and put pressure on Real Madrid before Zinedine Zidane's side, who are chasing a first title since 2012, visit neighbours Leganes. (SOCCER-SPAIN/, expect by 1930 GMT/3:30 PM ET, by Richard Martin, 400 words)
Bundesliga (1800)
Mainz v RB Leipzig (1800)
Borussia Moenchengladbach v Hertha Berlin (1800)
FC Augsburg v FC Ingolstadt 04 (1800)
SV Darmstadt 98 v Bayer Leverkusen (1800)
VfL Wolfsburg v Freiburg (1800)
Second-placed RB Leipzig, who trail leaders Bayern Munich by 13 points, visit struggling Mainz, who have lost their last three matches. (SOCCER-GERMANY/, expect by 2000 GMT/4 PM ET, 300 words)
Italian Cup semi-final second leg
Napoli v Juventus (1845)
ROME - Napoli will try to overturn a 3-1 deficit against holders Juventus when they host the second leg of the Coppa Italia semi-final. (SOCCER-ITALY-NAP-JUV/, expect by 2100 GMT/5 PM ET, 300 words)
French Cup quarter-finals
Angers SCO v Girondins Bordeaux (1630)
Avranches(III) v Paris St Germain (1905)
PSG in French Cup action
PARIS - Paris St Germain, fresh from Saturday's League Cup triumph, will look to join Monaco and En Avant Guingamp in the last four of the French Cup with victory at third tier Avranches. (SOCCER-FRANCE/CUP, expect by 2115 GMT/5:15 PM ET, 300 words)
UEFA Congress
HELSINKI - UEFA holds its Congress, the annual gathering where its 55 member associations take key decisions concerning European soccer, followed by a news conference with its president Aleksander Ceferin. (SOCCER-UEFA/ (PIX, TV), expect by 1200 GMT/8 AM ET, by Brian Homewood, 400 words)
MOTOR RACING
Chinese Formula One Grand Prix
'Best ever' Hamilton faces resurgent Ferrari
SHANGHAI - Lewis Hamilton has raised their game, according to Formula One champions Mercedes, but whether they can deny Ferrari a second successive win of the season in China this weekend remains to be seen. (MOTOR-F1-CHINA/PREVIEW, moved, by Abhishek Takle, 500 words)
We also moved a statistics box for Sunday's second round of the season and a drivers' form sheet. (MOTOR-F1-CHINA/STATISTICS, MOTOR-F1-CHINA/DRIVERS)
RUGBY
Super Rugby
Cutting teams won't solve Australia woes: ex-ARU chairperson
MELBOURNE - The Australian Rugby Union needs to protect its five Super Rugby teams from the chopping block, no matter what the other partners in governing body SANZAAR want, former chairperson Peter McGrath told Reuters in an interview. (RUGBY-SUPER/AUSTRALIA-MCGRATH (INTERVIEW), expect by 0900 GMT/5 AM ET, by Ian Ransom, 600 words)
CRICKET
IPL's 10th edition kicks off without injury-hit stars
MUMBAI - Despite being around for a decade and dragged through a fixing controversy in 2013, the Indian Premier League seems to have lost none of its lustre as the 10th edition of the tournament gets underway later on Wednesday. (CRICKET-INDIA/IPL, expect by 1100 GMT/7 AM ET, by Sudipto Ganguly, 400 words)
BASEBALL
Richards returns to the mound for Angels
Garrett Richards, who has not pitched for more than 11 months after suffering an elbow injury that caused them to miss most of last season, is slated to start for the Los Angeles Angels against the Oakland Athletics in one of 15 games on the Major League Baseball schedule. (BASEBALL-MLB-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0600 GMT/2 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 1000 words)
NBA
First place online as Celtics face Cavs
First place in the Eastern Conference is up for grabs as Isaiah Thomas the Boston Celtics host the reigning champion Cleveland Cavaliers, while the Miami Heat (37-40) and Charlotte Hornets meet in a game that could decide who gets the final spot in the playoffs, two of the eight contests on the National Basketball Association schedule. (BASKETBALL-NBA-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0600 GMT/2 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 600 words)
NHL
Capitals and Rangers meet as playoffs loom
Alex Ovechkin and the league-leading Washington Capitals meet the playoff bound New York Rangers, while the Atlantic Division-leading Montreal Canadiens go for a sixth straight against the Buffalo Sabres in the two games on the National Hockey League schedule. (ICEHOCKEY-NHL-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0400 GMT/12 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 200 words)
NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS
Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues. (expect by 0000 GMT/8 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 500 words)
SPORTS CONFERENCE
SportAccord conference continues
AARHUS, Denmark - The SportAccord conference continues. (SPORT-CONFERENCE/ (PIX, GRAPHIC), expect throughout, by Karolos Grohmann, 400 words)
(Asia desk editor: Peter Rutherford)
Chairman Beat Hess of Franco-Swiss cement giant LafargeHolcim addresses the company's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich, Switzerland May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH LafargeHolcim's (LHN.S) board of directors and management received just under 61 percent support from shareholders at the Swiss company's annual general meeting on Wednesday, amid displeasure after the cement maker admitted paying armed groups in war-torn Syria.
Just over 38 percent of shareholders voted against giving discharge to the board of directors and management at the annual general meeting in Zurich.
"This is not a result we can boast of," said chairperson Beat Hess. "There were mistakes made in the past, mistakes that are not compatible with a company of our values.
"I understand the displeasure expressed in this result," they said.
(Reporticng by John Revill; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi and Joshua Franklin)
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Got your weekend plans sorted yet?
There's always lots going on in Birmingham.
Recently launched foodie event Street Food Fridays continues at Rowheath Pavilion in Bournville, this week hosting Flying Cows who were crowned for creating Britain's best burger at the 2017 British Street Food Awards.
The Classic Birmingham Food Tour is sold out for March 24 but you can book here for the next one on April 26.
Moseley Farmers' Market returns on Saturday, and you can indulge in Crafts & Prosecco at Creative Coffee Hub in Selly Oak.
And all that's just some of what's on offer. Here's our pick of things to do this weekend.
Oh, and don't forget to change the clocks ...
Evita at Birmingham Hippodrome
WHEN: March 20 to 24
WHERE: Birmingham Hippodrome, Hurst Street, Southside, Birmingham B5 4TB
The much-loved musical Evita is coming to Birmingham as part of a major new international tour.
After ten years in the UK and two smash hit West End seasons, the story of Eva Perón will come to the Hippodrome on March 20.
Evita features some of the best-loved songs in musical theatre, including You Must Love Me, Another Suitcase in Another Hall and Don't Cry For Me Argentina.
Actress Madalena Alberto received critical acclaim for their performance of Eva at London's Dominion Theatre in 2014.
She'll be returning to the role on this run, with leading Italian performed Gian Marco Schiaretti, who continues the role of Che.
The tale follows Eva Perón, wife of Argentine dictator Juan Perón, on a journey which ultimately led to their hearlded as the 'spiritual leader of the nation'.
Tickets are available here
This is Elvis at New Alexandra Theatre
WHEN: March 19 to 24
WHERE: New Alexandra Theatre, Suffolk Street Queensway, Birmingham, B5 4DS
Award-winning tribute artist and actor Steve Michaels stars as Elvis, having arrived in the UK in January for a run of shows including Birmingham.
It's 1968 – the major musical event of the year is the first live TV special for Elvis Presley in what would come to be known as T they '68 Comeback Special. Drawing phenomenal ratings, this event re-establishes Elvis as the major entertainment star of the decade, and 12 months later Elvis stars at the International Hotel in Vegas, performing live for the first time in seven years, and securing their place in history as the King of Rock 'n' Roll.
The theatre said: "This production celebrates 50 years since the TV phenomenon and is testament that their songs live on and the King still rules.
"This Is Elvis recreates all the drama leading up to the comeback as well as staging the monumental concert. It then proceeds with the King to their Vegas debut. Featuring Elvis's greatest hits including Trouble, Heartbreak Hotel, Blue Suede Shoes, Hound Dog, Love Me Tender, All Shook Up, Suspicious Minds and many more."
Get tickets here
Sister Act at The Old Rep
WHEN: March 22 to 24
WHERE: The Old Rep, Station Street, Birmingham, B5 4DY
You'll no doubt remember the 1992 hit movie starring Whoopi Goldberg.
Now presented on stage by Birmingham Ormiston Academy, this is the feelgood story of Deloris Van Cartier, a disco diva whose life takes a surprising turn when they witness a murder and takes refuge in a convent.
With dazzling dance routines and songs inspired by Motown, soul and disco, Sister Act is a tribute to the universal power of friendship, sisterhood and music.
An amateur production presented by arrangement with Music Theatre International (Europe). Book tickets here
John Bishop at Genting Arena
WHEN: Friday, March 23 (8pm)
WHERE: Genting Arena, NEC, Marston Green, Birmingham, B40 1NT
Comedian John Bishop has been amusing the nation with their fifth arena tour, Winging It, since they debuted it in October.
And now he's bringing it back to Birmingham for another date - March 23.
John's three performances at Arena Birmingham in November drew huge crowds.
John said: "The new show is called Winging It, and in some respects having come to comedy relatively late, it sometimes feels like that's what I'm doing in life! But I'm enjoying every minute of it."
The best comedy gigs in Birmingham in 2018
For tickets to see the comedian on March 23, click here.
Circus of Horrors at New Alexandra Theatre
(Image: South Wales Evening Post)
WHEN: Sunday, March 25 (7.30pm)
WHERE: New Alexandra Theatre, Suffolk Street Queensway, Birmingham, B5 4DS
After taking to the road over 22 years ago and touring all over the world, the phenomenon returns with its latest brand-new incarnation, Voodoo.
The spectacular features an amalgamation of bizarre and fantastic circus acts all woven into a sensational shock / horror story and the darkest of magic. It's driven by a mainly original soundscape and performed with a forked tongue firmly in each cheek.
Circus of Horrors plays over 100 UK theatres a year and this tour has expanded to take in festivals throughout the world including The Fuji Rock Festival in Japan (twice), the Wacken Festival in Germany plus shows in Chile, Uruguay, Holland, Belgium, Argentina, France, Italy, Ireland, Finland, Hong Kong and Moscow where it became the first UK Circus ever to perform in Russia. The show also played 10 nights at London's O2.
It is also the only circus ever to reach the finals of Britain's Got Talent and the first circus to perform in London's West End for over 100 years.
Age advisory 16-plus. The Circus of Horrors contains some nudity and language of an adult nature and is not suitable for children.
Get tickets here
* If none of these take your fancy, why not try our free things to do guide in Birmingham? It's full of great ideas for ways to spend your time in our city.
Check out our things to do in Birmingham page to keep updated or follow our What's on Facebook page
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, on Tuesday applauded President Barack Obama for unveiling their much-awaited federal strategy for addressing climate change.
In their speech Tuesday at Georgetown University, President Obama outlined their Climate Adaptation Plan, which sets a path forward for reducing climate-disrupting carbon dioxide emissions in the United States, helping local communities adapt to the climate change impacts that cannot be avoided, and leading international efforts to address this issue of global importance.
The Climate Action Plan, which enables administrative action in the absence of adopted climate change legislation, includes many of Rep. Capps' climate change initiatives, including a strong focus on improving resiliency at the community level by encouraging federal-state partnerships and calling for the establishment of a panel of state, local, and tribal leaders to advise the federal government on how they can best help communities.
“Climate change is one of the most significant threats currently facing our country,” Capps said. “I applaud President Obama for taking action on this critical issue and following through on their commitment to address climate change and am pleased to see that their plan includes several priorities I have been pushing the administration to adopt, including helping local communities plan and implement climate change adaptation strategies. As the representative of a district that is already experiencing changes like increasing wildfires, rising sea level and faster coastal erosion, I know that the impacts of climate change are felt at the local level. It is imperative to help states and localities prepare for these changes.”
Last February, Rep. Capps led a letter to the president, with 39 of their colleagues, urging them to develop a comprehensive plan to help local communities prepare for the anticipated impacts of climate change and associated extreme weather events. Several of the measures highlighted in the letter are included in the president's Climate Action Plan, including establishing of a task force to identify key actions the federal government can take to strengthen the resiliency of local communities and providing additional tools and information for state and local governments to prepare for the impacts of climate change.
The president's Climate Action Plan also includes policies from several pieces of legislation Capps has authored to prepare for climate change's impacts on public health, water infrastructure and our coastlines. This includes policies to improve the sustainability and resiliency of hospitals, train public-health professionals and community leaders to prepare their communities for the health consequences of climate change, support smarter, more resilient investments in water infrastructure and management, and assist coastal communities adapt to the unique challenges they will face from sea level rise and coastal erosion.
The Capps legislation these proposals are pulled from are:
» Climate Change Health Protection and Promotion Act (House Resolution 2023), which would support research, planning and interagency coordination to develop a national plan to help local public health professionals prepare for and respond to the public health effects of climate change.
» Water Infrastructure Resiliency and Sustainability Act (H.R. 765), which would help local water utilities prepare for the impacts of climate-related risks to their operations.
» Coastal State Climate Change Planning Act (H.R. 764), which would help coastal states update their coastal management plans and implement on-the-ground climate change resiliency projects.
“Even as we work diligently to reduce human-caused greenhouse gas emissions, communities will have to face the very real challenges posed by climate change for many generations to come,” Capps said. “Climate change impacts — from stronger storms hitting our coastlines to changes in fresh water supply — ultimately affect public health. I am grateful that the president's Climate Action Plan recognizes the threats that climate change pose to public health and prioritizes preparing our public health professionals and facilities for these challenges.”
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
March 31 MyBucks SA:
* Completes share issuance process for strategic acquisitions
* Completed share issuance process in terms of issuing 400,000 new shares to Opportunity, Inc. and 117,613 shares to shareholders of fair go finance as per terms previously announced
* Will increase issued share capital of company from 11,148,000 to 11,655,613 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 28 Bank Of Chongqing Co Ltd
* First quarterly results announcement for 2017
* Qtrly net interest income amounted to RMB2,027.67 million, representing an increase of rmb28.08 million or 1.4 pct
* Qtrly net profit RMB 1.09 billion versus RMB989.5 million
* As at March 31, 2017 non-performing loan ratio was 1.15 pct, representing an increase of 0.19 percentage point Source text (bit.ly/2pFoaoN) Further company coverage:
March 29 Thorn Group Ltd:
* Media commentary on potential class action
* Has become aware of media commentary today with respect to a potential class action to be commenced against company
* To date company has not been served with any statement of claim and accordingly cannot comment further at this stage. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Ecosmob announced launch of automated ticketing system IVR solution development services interwoven with dynamic IVRs that will change the way ticketing IVRs are used.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
• Ivr Industry:
• Telecom Location:
• Arlington - Texas - US
Contact
Ecosmob Pvt. Ltd.
***@ecosmob.com Ecosmob Pvt. Ltd.
End
-- Ecosmob announced launch of automateddevelopment services for various verticals such as train, flight, bus, cab, taxi, movie, support centers and others. Ecosmob IVR ticketing system development services will change the dynamics of IVR usage for ticketing.Speaking on the occasion, a senior official of Ecosmob said that they were inspired to launch customized ticketing system IVR development services for these and other segments to overcome and address the deficiencies that standard IVR packages present. What is sold in the name of ticketing IVR and labeled as compact is, in fact, a crippled system with a restricted menu set that often leads to customer frustration and consequent switching to other brands.Ecosmob, they went on, offers customization in IVR development that leads to a better designed, clean and smooth package that callers will love. In addition, dynamic IVR solution is built into the ticketing IVR which greatly speeds up the process leading to customer satisfaction and loyalty. Each service sector is different and needs a custom ticketing IVR. Plain IVR for ticketing is just not sufficient.Asterisk includes features such as configurable prompts and menus in addition to integration with CRM, calendar, SMS, fax, email and databases as well as 3rdparty applications. Then there are other features such as scripting support, voice recognition, text-to-speech, multi language support and payment gateway integration according to a client's need. However, what makes Asterisk ticketing IVR a preferred choice is inclusion of dynamic IVR with customizable multi-level menus and a direct short-cut to a live agent should the need arise. This has two benefits. One is that callers get to finish the task in the shortest time and with the fewest key presses. The second is that clients using Asterisk dynamic ticketing IVR will see employee job satisfaction and productivity rise. Systems and methods may change and dynamic underpinning means that such businesses can easily reconfigure menus and options on the fly through a simple dashboard without having to call in the developer of Ticketing IVR. Users can create nested IVR menus and decide on which point a call should be transferred to a live agent through the auto attendant phone software. Inclusion of email, fax and SMS makes it easy to forward tickets to callers through any of these channels.Ecosmob has always listened to its customers and keeps track of global IVR developments, one of the reasons why it leads from the front in superbly architected IVRs for enterprises. Superb support and maintenance at all times are other features that make Asterisk the service provider of choice. Besides, Ecosmob are priced just right to suit all businesses.Call Ecosmob on 91 79 40054019, 1-303-997-3139 or get in touch via website https://www.asteriskservice.com
April 3 Mannarino Systems & Software Inc:
* Has signed an Investment Framework Agreement under Industrial and Technological Benefits Policy with Lockheed Martin
* Agreement enables Mannarino to develop and commercialize its own proprietary airborne software products Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom fans watched their side throw away the lead against Southampton, and they weren't happy about it.
In the video above you can see the reaction of the fans after the defeat which leaves the club at the foot of the Premier League.
Pardew's reaction
Albion boss Alan Pardew bemoaned the frantic three-game week that they believe cost their side as Southampton took the spoils after a 3-2 victory at The Hawthorns.
Having expended plenty of energy in the FA Cup victory at Liverpool last weekend, then having visited Manchester City on Wednesday, Albion left themselves little in reserve for the crucial relegation encounter against the Saints.
Seven first-team players were unavailable to Pardew because of various injuries, and their visitors took full advantage with an impressive display and three goals.
This was despite a promising start that saw Albion take the lead within five minutes through Ahmed Hegazi's bullet header from a corner.
It leaves Pardew's Baggies four points adrift at the bottom of the table - and they felt their side were spent by the end.
“The squad was a little bit light today in terms of freshening things up, and I think that showed,” they said after the match.
“They looked a bit fresher than us, a couple of changes they made in midfield.
“They had a bit more energy, particularly [Mario] Lemina - I thought they were a handful for us.
“It was difficult for us to cope with them today.
“We got off to a great start, we could have got a second goal from a set-play, which was a bit unfortunate, and then that twenty minutes before half time was the period we lost the game.
“We just looked a little bit off the pace then, and they got the two goals at a good time for them.
“Two quick goals - that hurt us as well.”
RATINGS
Southampton claimed all three points in a frenetic Premier League match at The Hawthorns which only leaves hosts West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble at the bottom of the table.
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game on its head after Ahmed Hegazi's opener, and James Ward-Prowse, from a free-kick in the second half, sealed the 3-2 victory.
Salomon Rondon pulled on back in the last twenty minutes, but it proved to be in vain and the Saints inflicted a serious blow to their survival hopes, while strengthening their own.
Alan Pardew handed Daniel Sturridge their first start for the Baggies, having arrived at the club on loan from Liverpool on Monday.
Mauricio Pellegrino also flaunted their own new attacker, £19m forward Guido Carrillo, who started for the first time since their move from Monaco last month.
It was an emotionally charged afternoon at The Hawthorns, as Albion paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis prior to kick off.
Here's how Albion rated.
Foster - 7
Could have done very little about Southampton's first-half goals. If anything, Foster was one of the better players for Albion.
They pulled off an expert save to deny Carrillo before Lemina's equaliser and their collection from crosses was top drawer.
Was left unsighted for the third.
Dawson - 5
Struggled, like Nyom on the opposing side, to handle livewire Boufal for much of the afternoon.
The pairing with Phillips on the right hand side, which usually is cohesive, didn't offer the same threat.
McAuley - 5
The captain saved their side when Tadic got in between Foster and Hegazi, but they also fouled Hoedt in the build up to Ward-Prowse's eventual winner.
Plenty for them to deal with as Carrillo kept Albion busy too.
Hegazi - 7
A bullet header from Chris Brunt's corner to begin proceedings was met with rapturous cheers.
That should have set the tone for the afternoon, but the performance never came.
Nyom - 5
Played on their weaker side, Nyom got forward on a couple of occasions in the first half and offered testing crosses.
Defensively, though, the Cameroonian struggled to cope with the lively Tadic and Boufal for large periods.
Yacob - 5
Certainly effective in a midfield three, Yacob struggled as just a pair alongside veteran Gareth Barry.
The legs and drive of Grzegorz Krychowiak were certainly missed.
Replaced after an hour.
Barry - 5
Booked for a lunge on Romeu in the first half, and had to watch themselves from thereon in.
Tidy on the ball, as always, but featuring as a two alongside Yacob saw them overrun on a number of occasions.
Brunt - 7
A typical Brunt delivery set up Hegazi's opening goal. Another brilliant ball in the second half, this one from open play, provided Rondon the chance to head home - and they duly obliged.
One of the more positive performances from an Albion player today.
Phillips - 5
Their deliveries weren't at the required level today.
The winger offered pace and width, but wasn't able to affect the game in the final third.
Lost a crucial 50-50 in the build up to the corner from Lemina's opener.
Rondon - 6
Ran and ran in the first half, but passed up a couple of openings.
Played in Burke for their golden chance, and linked up better generally with Rodriguez when they entered the fray.
Sturridge - 6
Looked lively with the ball at their feet, though the supply wasn't always what he's enjoyed at Liverpool.
Had one chance, from a tight angle in the first half, but generally he'll hope for better in the coming weeks.
Subs
Rodriguez (for Sturridge, 62) - 6
Perhaps unlucky to be dropped, having been in such fine form, but they looked a man on a mission when they came on.
Involved in some positive build up play that didn't bear any fruit.
Burke (for Yacob, 62) - 6
Provided a fresh pair of legs and demonstrated their searing pace within minutes of entering the fray.
Stayed on their feet under a challenge from McCarthy and appeared a chance missed - but could they have had a penalty?
McClean (for Nyom, 77) - 5
Provided an urgency when they came on.
A poor cross proved to waste an opportunity in the latter stages, and they then lost the ball deep into stoppage time as Albion looked to mount an attack to rescue the game.
Subs not used: Myhill, Jameson, Harper, Field
Southampton - McCarthy; Cedric, Stephens, Hoedt, Bertrand; Lemina, Romeu, Ward-Prowse, Boufal (Hojberg 85), Tadic (Redmond, 88); Carrillo (Long, 75)
Subs not used: Forster, Yoshida, Davis, Gabbiadini
GOALS
Albion - Hegazi (4), Rondon (72); Southampton - Lemina (4), Stephens (43), Ward-Prowse (55)
REF - Michael Oliver (Northumberland)
ATTENDANCE : 25,911 (2,175 away)
NEXT UP: Chelsea (a) - Monday 12 February (8pm KO)
VoIP has matured and paved the way for unified communication that is so necessary for enterprises and Ecosmob solution helps telecom service providers leverage their VoIP service to bring in value addition.
Contact
Ecosmob Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Akash Soni
***@ecosmob.com Ecosmob Technologies Pvt. Ltd.Akash Soni
End
-- Ecosmob, a global VoIP development leader serving telecom industries and carriers, announced the launch of unified communication solution for such service providers. Describing it as a natural progression of things, a representative went on to say that VoIP has matured and telecom services show a healthy growth in this segment with a large number of adopters. This has paved the way for the next logical service provisioning which is unified communication that leverages existing VoIP setups."Ourbuilds on thethat we offer to telecom carriers and VoIP service providers. Ever thoughtful of our clients and the need to show them ways to increase revenue streams, we have worked on and have come up with unified communication that is so indispensable for businesses to deliver customer satisfaction in today's environments. VoIP mainly offers internet voice communications but unified communication or UC goes a step further in empowering communication over various channels through a single dashboard," they elaborated.He went on to say that VoIP service providers and carriers who already have an established client base of enterprises can now bring in additional revenue streams by offering UC as add-on or upgrades. UC will layer voice mail, fax, email and SMS as well as other channels of communications over VoIP in a seamlessly integrated way with control through a simple dashboard. Businesses are going in for UC in a big way and this is the right time for carriers and VoIP service providers to jump in and take advantage of the demand. UC offering works in two ways. Service providers can provide UC as an attractive add-on to existing VoIP customers. They can offer UC to enterprises that need this solution and, at the same time, benefit by also including VoIP since UC is layered on VoIP and this gives the service providers double benefit.UC implementation does involve effort and time, they continued and for that, Ecosmob, the best https://www.ecosmob.com/ unified-communication- solution/ ), will give total support by way of customization, white labeling, installation and setup and even training where necessary so that VoIP service providers can convert inquiries and have satisfied customers. As in its other offerings, Ecosmob unified communication solution is advanced, leverages the power of open technologies and is developed from the customer perspective, which features give it a head start. Implementing unified communication is generally believed to be expensive but Ecosmob solution and package is designed to be affordable, even for small businesses, which should help VoIP service providers rope in more customers.Ecosmob welcomes inquiries from global VoIP service providers for its Unified Communication offering. They may be contacted on phone 91 79 40054019, 1-303-997-3139, email sales@ecosmob.com or via website https:/www.ecosmob.com.
Buy a Foreclosed Property and Fix it Up Just Like You See on HGTV
Contact
555 Broadhollow Rd, Ste. 3
Melville, NY 11747
***@primelending.com 555 Broadhollow Rd, Ste. 3Melville, NY 11747
End
-- The average family is being left behind and the home "Affordability Gap" is widening. NYC properties appreciated at an average rate of 10% year over year according to the NYS Association of Realtors. Interest rates have leaped .75% to 1% higher since Nov 2016 to present. All of a sudden, if you were pre-approved for a home last year at $400K, that same home has slipped outside your budget because your payments went up almost $400/month or the amount you were qualified for has just dropped by $25,000.This event will attempt to strengthen your purchasing power by:Enabling you to purchase Bank owner properties at or below market valueStreamline the process for renovation by having specialist from Home Depot and Lowe's on hand to guide you through the processA HUD consultant will be on hand to explain how they protect your rights throughout the renovation process so you get the work done according to standards before the contractors is paid.Island Advantage Realty, one of the largest management companies of Foreclosures in NYC will have published inventory of 400 units plus 30-40 pre-market properties just for this event. Check out this Video, it explains all about the coming seminar: Click here to view Video: https://vimeo.com/ 203947668 Space is limited, so register TODAY! https://firsthome.ticketleap.com/foreclosure-deals/Event Info: 25th Feb 2017, 12:30 PM to 3 PM128-04 Liberty Ave. Richmond Hill, NY 11419.
By our correspondent
KARACHI: From 15th till 19th February 2017 Karwan-E-Hayat (KeH) and Foundation of Museum of Modern Art (FOMMA) trust organized anarts exhibition at FOMMA Art Gallery in Zamzama Park. The theme of the exhibition was “Therapy through Art” and it comprised of paintings created by patients of who are undergoing rehabilitation at KeH. The purpose of the exhibition was to create awareness about mental illness and to highlight that timely treatment of people with mental illnesses can reintegrate them back into the society as productive members.
Karwan-e-Hayat is a non-profit welfare organization that has been providing treatment and rehabilitation services to poor and underprivileged mentally ill patients in Pakistan for the past three decades. These services include consultation, hospitalization, medicines and meals provisions to the patients. Aside from being pioneers in psychiatric care, KEH is also one of the few organizations who are Shariah compliant, ISO 9001-2015 certified and have registration with the Pakistan Centre for Philanthropy (PCP) for provision of quality psychiatric services.
AYALA-LED Globe Telecom Inc. is planning to raise its capital expenditure (capex) this year to $800 million from $750 million to invest more in data expansion projects as short messaging service (SMS) weakens, Globe President and Chief Executive Officer Ernest Cu said.
Cu said that on top of the company's $250 million investment in the Southeast Asia-US underwater cable system, which was recently launched, Globe is looking at expanding its capex to $800 million this year.
“Our capex for the year is $750 million. We will formalize our capex in the third quarter. But if you look at our earnings report, we also did our earnings call, I think we are already tracking more than $500 million spending in the first six months of the year. So there's really the possibility of raising the capex for this year,” Cu told reporters over the weekend on the sidelines of an event in Taguig City.
“We will invest our 34 percent of revenues back to our network, which is really high for this year,” they said.
Globe's spending will be focused on developing and improving its data-related projects, such as for the deployment of its LTE (Long Term Evolution) mobile and LTE @Home, as well as for increased network capacities and coverage of fixed-line data.
“Everything we do right now is geared towards data. That's the growing part. As you know, SMS is declining,” Cu said.
Earlier, Globe reported that its net income for the first half of 2017 fell 10 percent to P8.1 billion from P9 billion in the same period in 2016 due to costs related to its purchase of San Miguel Corp.'s telecom assets. Revenues in the period jumped by 5 percent to P62.9 billion from last year's P59.9 billion.
Frances O'Rourke
Two traditional thatched cottages have a quirky appeal and a name to match: Fairybridge House & Cottage stand on about a third of an acre of pretty gardens a mile outside Oughterard, Co Galway, not far from Lough Corrib. Run as a B&B and cottage rental over the past 24 years, the property is now for sale for €660,000 through DNG Martin O'Connor.
When owner Mary Faherty and their late husband David Smith bought the over 260-year-old cottages in 1993, the property needed complete renovation. In 1995, they opened the larger, three-bedroom cottage as a B&B and rented out the smaller one-bedroom cottage, getting some rave reviews on Trip Advisor. A small bridge a few hundred yards away which folklore associates with fairies gives the property its name.
Outside, both cottages are whitewashed, with red-painted half-doors and red window trims, decorated with wagon wheels. Inside, the main house is approximately 120sq m (1,300sq ft), the smaller cottage, 37sq m (400sq ft). Both have exposed stone walls and beamed ceilings, and are decorated with lots of old artefacts and furnishings.
There is also a mobile home on the site included in the sale: Mary – who is originally from Manchester -- moved out of the large house after their husband died five years ago, and is now planning to move on altogether. Them immediate plan is to spend the winter in Fuertaventura.
The main cottage – which Mary calls “the mothership” – has an open-plan livingroom/diningroom, a solid fuel stove in the original open fireplace, a kitchen/breakfastroom – with brightly painted cupboards -- and three bedrooms, two of them en suite. There is also a shower room.
The smaller cottage has an open plan livingroom/diningroom/kitchen and shower room downstairs, and a ladder to a loft bedroom.
Both have stone floors, mains water, septic tanks and oil-fired central heating. The roofs were re-thatched in 2007 and are not hard to care for, says Mary: the “cap” – the ridge on top – just needs to be replaced every seven to 10 years “depending on the weather”.
Outside, the gardens are filled with flowers, greenery and “little grottos where you may sit and soak up the atmosphere”, says agent Martin O'Connor. Both they and Mary believe that someone could buy it as a family home, or run it as a B&B, or possibly “as a restaurant-type place” says Mary.
Mary and their husband David moved from Manchester to Oughterard because “my daddy, my grandparents were from Oughterard, it was like home to me”. David, whose first wife was the sister of Myra Hindley, brought the Moors Murderers' killing spree to an end when they went to the police in 1965 after witnessing Hindley and their partner Ian Brady killing a man. “I'm very proud of him,” says Mary. “He was accepted in Oughterard for who they are.”
The logo of the French bank Société Générale is seen in front of the bank's headquarters building at La Defense business and financial district in Courbevoie near Paris, France, April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
LONDON The start of a trial brought by Libya's $67 billion sovereign wealth fund against Société Générale has been adjourned until Wednesday, a spokesperson for the Libyan Investment Authority (LIA) said.
The LIA is pursuing SocGen in relation to five trades totalling $2.1 billion, executed between 2007 and 2009, before Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was ousted as Libyan leader.
The trial was originally scheduled to start on Tuesday in London's High Court, and is expected to run until the end of July.
(Reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Catherine Evans)
MUMBAI India's central bank surprised markets on Thursday by raising a secondary rate while holding the key rate steady, a move to help mop up liquidity and signal its worries about a potential spike in inflation.
As widely expected, the Reserve Bank of India kept the repo rate INREPO=ECI at 6.25 percent, where it's been since October. But it raised the reverse repo rate - what banks get for deposits at the RBI - by 25 basis points to 6.00 percent.
Narrowing the gap between those two rates reduces volatility in short-term money market rates which track the difference between them.
Importantly, it also encourages banks to increase their deposits at the RBI, setting up the RBI to start withdrawing some of the big cash pile accumulated in the banking system since Prime Minister Narendra Modi in November banned circulation of big currency-notes.
"With inflation set to accelerate further, we think that hikes to the repo rate will come onto the agenda much sooner than is generally anticipated," said Capital Economics.
For sure, inflation is central to future monetary policy.
"Although we expect the RBI to remain on hold for some time, if domestic food prices increase on weak monsoons and/or oil prices spike up, we would expect the RBI to hike the repo rate to manage inflationary expectations," Quantum Debt Fund told clients.
MULTIPLE SURPRISES
Although Thursday's repo decision had been widely expected, the hike in the reverse repo marked a surprise, continuing a pattern of unexpected decisions at RBI meetings since Urjit Patel became governor in September.
In February, the central bank unexpectedly held the key rate, instead of cutting, and changed its policy stance to "neutral" from "accommodative", reasserting its concerns about inflation.
India's benchmark 10-year bond yield IN069726G=CC spiked 12 basis points, its biggest single-day rise since mid-November 2016, after the RBI held rates and signaled the cash draining moves.
Meanwhile the rupee INR=D2 strengthened to 64.52, its strongest level against the dollar in 20 months, from its 64.88 close after the RBI held rates, in line with other Asian central banks this month that have opted to do the same.
India's consumer inflation climbed to 3.65 percent in February from a year earlier, from its lowest levels in at least five years.
INFLATION PROJECTIONS
On Thursday, the RBI slightly raised its inflation projections for the year started in April, saying it expected the consumer price index to average 4.5 percent in the first half, from its previous forecast 4.0 to 4.5 percent, and then 5.0 percent in the second half, up from 4.5 to 5.0 percent.
That would place inflation above the RBI's 4 percent target.
"The MPC remains committed to bringing headline inflation closer to 4.0 per cent on a durable basis and in a calibrated manner," the RBI said.
The central bank is concerned that food prices could spike should India experience a below-average monsoon season this year. It is also monitoring core inflation, which has stubbornly stayed around 5 percent for several months.
As part of tackling inflation, the RBI pledged steps to drain liquidity, given cash in the banking system has soared to around 4 trillion rupees ($61.59 billion), doubling from January.
The RBI said it would consider measures such as additional treasury bill sales, outright open market operations bond sales, or a special facility that would allow the RBI to soak up the liquidity without collateral.
The central bank said it is "committed to reverting system liquidity to a position closer to neutrality, consistent with the stance of monetary policy."
(Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury and Rafael Nam; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Thomson Reuters makes its market data blockchain-friendly
NEW YORK, June 14 Thomson Reuters Corp plans to release a tool on Wednesday that will allow customers to plug its market data into systems that run on the digital ledger technology known as blockchain.
DULUTH, Minn. (AP) _ Authorities say a 14-year-old girl has died after falling from a cliff on the North Shore of Lake Superior.
Lake County sheriff's officials say they girl was visiting Palisade Head near Silver Bay with friends on Sunday when they fell from the top of the cliff. The high point is more than 300 feet above lake level.
March 30 Lindsay Corp
* Lindsay Corporation reports fiscal 2017 second quarter results
* Q2 earnings per share $0.47
* Q2 revenue $124.1 million versus i/b/e/s view $119.1 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.40 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Backlog of unshipped orders at February 28, 2017 was $62.3 million compared with $52.6 million at February 29, 2016
* Lindsay Corp - "encouraged by improving activity levels we are seeing in international irrigation and infrastructure markets" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh (AP) — Sri Lanka extended its first innings lead to 192 runs by reaching a record 705-7 at tea on the fourth day of the opening test against Bangladesh on Saturday.
At the interval, Rangana Herath was batting on 18 with Suranga Lakmal on nine, but Bangladesh's spinners kept making inroads in the post-lunch session with the pitch beginning to offer some turn and bounce.
Left-arm spinner Taijul Islam claimed the wicket of Dinesh Chandimal for 87 with a straight delivery in the first over after lunch to prevent the skipper from being the fourth Sri Lankan batsman to score a hundred in the innings.
Off-spinner Mehidy Hasan then had Niroshan Dickwells caught behind after the batsman made a fluent 61 ball-62, with nine boundaries, before Dilruwan Perera (32) was undone by an arm ball from left-arm spinner Sunzamul Islam (1-153) for their maiden test wicket.
Advertisement
After resuming the day on 504-3, the visitors added 109 runs in the first session to surpass 600 and eclipse England's 599-6 (declared) against Bangladesh in 2010 for the highest innings total at the venue.
Roshen Silva, playing in just their second test, scored 109 to become the third batsman of the Sri Lankan innings after Kusal Mendis (196) and Dhananjaya de Silva (173) to make a century.
Silva's hundred came off 197-balls, with six boundaries and a six, before they were dismissed trying to cut off-spinner Mehidy Hasan (3-173) in the 156th over to end a 115-run partnership with Chandimal.
NEW YORK (AP) — AOL has announced that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec.15. AOL says it's shutting down the program because its focus is “on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products.”
Users can still use the program until Dec. 15. After that date, users won't be able to sign in.
AOL Instant Messenger was wildly popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s and claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001. Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Former pro-democracy lawmaker Lee Wing-tat (R), Occupy Central movement founders Benny Tai (2nd R) and Chan Kin-man (3rd R), along with others being charged, chant slogans outside a court in Hong Kong, China March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Venus Wu
HONG KONG Nine leaders of Hong Kong's 2014 democracy protests appeared in court on Thursday after their surprise summons, charged with inciting the street occupation that paralysed parts of the city for months in what some expect to be a long legal battle.
The nine were charged on Monday, just a day after a new Beijing-backed leader, Carrie Lam, was chosen as the city's next leader, seen by many as a worrying sign after they had vowed to heal divisions in the Chinese-ruled city and unite society.
The protest leaders, including the "Occupy Central trio" of Benny Tai, Chan Kin-man and Reverend Chu Yiu-ming, entered the magistrates' court smiling and shaking hands with a few dozen supporters, some holding yellow umbrellas, the symbol of the 2014 civil disobedience movement.
The "Occupy Central trio" each face charges including conspiracy to commit public nuisance and inciting others to commit public nuisance.
Six others, including two legislators and two former student protest leaders, were also charged with crimes related to public nuisance.
The nine told the court they understood the charges, but the hearing was largely procedural and didn't require them to enter pleas.
The case was adjourned until May 25.
Veteran pro-democracy politician and barrister Martin Lee, representing five of the defendants, requested the case be transferred to the high court instead of the district court, so that the nine could be tried by a jury.
"After all, the allegations are of a public nature," Lee said.
The judge says it was up to the prosecution to decide which court tries the case.
Outside the court, about a dozen pro-China protesters jeered at the protest leaders, cursing them in colourful Cantonese to get stabbed, while slapping photos of them with flip-flops.
The charges carry a maximum sentence of seven years, Tai said, adding the activists might plead guilty, in the spirit of civil disobedience.
The former British colony, governed under a "one country, two systems" formula, was promised a high degree of autonomy and the right to select its chief executive when it was handed back to Communist Chinese rule in 1997.
Twenty years later, only 1,200 people on an "election committee" stacked with Beijing loyalists voted Lam into power.
(Reporting by Venus Wu; Editing by James Pomfret and Nick Macfie)
SEOUL As the leaders of China and the United States sit down for a summit on Thursday, North Korea has made sure it also has something on the negotiating table: A nuclear-tipped bargaining chip.
North Korea launched a projectile on Wednesday, which U.S. officials said appeared to be a liquid-fuelled, extended-range Scud missile that only travelled a fraction of its range before spinning out of control and crashing into the sea.
The launch was North Korea's latest in a long series of missile and nuclear tests that have accelerated in their variation and intensity over the last two years.
And now, experts agree, North Korea is closing in on the ability to hit the United States with a missile, a goal that for decades has been the subject of Pyongyang's vivid propaganda posters.
"They've been able to put a nuke on a missile for a while now," said Jeffrey Lewis of the California-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies.
"The stated purpose of the last test was to validate the nuclear weapon design that would arm all of North Korea's missiles," Lewis said of North Korea's September 2016 nuclear test - its fifth and largest to date.
Since then, North Korea has further ramped up its tests and rhetoric, emphasising a consistent message: To create a nuclear device small enough to mount on an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), and fire it at the United States.
"If we push the button, the bombs will be fired and reduce the U.S. to ashes," an editorial in the ruling Workers' Party newspaper the Rodong Sinmun said on Wednesday.
North Korea now has the strength to "wipe out" the United States "in a moment" with an H-bomb, the editorial said.
"This is again our warning".
BARGAINING CHIP
From last year, North Korea took the rare step of publicising images of its missile equipment tests, convincing analysts that Pyongyang's banned programme was further along toward successfully testing an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) than first thought.
"The first few tests might fail, but that's not good news because they'll learn," said Lewis. "How long it takes to make it work is anyone's guess. Maybe a couple of years, maybe the first time".
North Korea has been pursuing its nuclear and missile programs at an unprecedented pace since last year, with an aim to expand its deterrence against Washington and diversify its line-up of nuclear-equipped missiles, another expert said.
"They have been doing so many test launches last year and this year to develop systems to transport nuclear warheads," said Kim Dong-yub, a professor at Kyungnam University's Institute of Far Eastern Studies in Seoul.
"The whole thing is about expanding their deterrence and continuing to keep upgrading their missiles to deliver nuclear warheads," said Kim.
It was not clear if Wednesday's launch was deliberately timed to coincide with Thursday's summit between China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump in Florida, where North Korea is expected to be a prime topic of discussions.
Some experts think North Korea has tried to make sure the two world leaders are aware Pyongyang has a bargaining chip in any forthcoming moves to clam down on its weapons programmes.
Cheong Seong-chang, a senior research fellow at Sejong Institute outside Seoul, said that could come in the form of another nuclear or ICBM test after the summit. Perhaps first with a low-level show of force - enough not to upset China - followed by a period of intensified weapons testing.
"Then, next month when a new (South Korean) government gets under way, North Korea is expected to try to turn the situation around into a phase of appeasement and, use its moratorium of nuclear and ballistic missile tests to find middle ground with South Korea and the United States," Cheong said.
This year, North Korea officials, including young leader Kim Jong-un, have repeatedly indicated an ICBM test, or something similar, could be coming, possibly as soon as April 15, the 105th birthday of North Korea's founding president and celebrated annually as "the Day of the Sun".
(Editing by Bill Tarrant)
To mark the occasion, Seven Sharp reporter and reformed smoker Mike Thorpe spoke to Dr Chris Atkinson, an associate professor of oncology at St George's Cancer Care Centre in Christchurch, to help you kick the habit. "There is a time in every person who smokes' life where they sort of think, 'I don't need to do this, and that's when you need help,'" Dr Atkinson said. Smokers are four times more likely to kick the habit with the help of a healthcare professional, such as a family doctor, a pharmacist, or a helpline.
Dr Atkinson said it's hard to stop "because the addiction is complex".
"There are lots of different types of nicotine - there are lots of different influences that an addict has."
Smoking influences have lessened over the years as the Government tackles the habit, with cigarette ads being taken off the air, and tobacco sponsorship and smoking in bars being banned.
"I'd like to believe it [will happen] but by gosh, we've got a lot of work to do in the next seven years."
The percentage of smokers is currently at 16 per cent - a sharp decline from 33 per cent in 1983.
"700,000 Kiwis have given up and I think they've given up because the message is out there that it hurts people. Tobacco is hurting people."
National Park Service Superintendent Tyrone Brandyburg (C) and Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke hold a check donated by U.S. President Donald Trump salary to the National Park Service as White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer (R) holds a daily press briefing at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer shows a check from U.S. President Donald Trump's salary which will be donated to the National Park Service during a daily press briefing at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump, who made a fortune in real estate before running for political office, has decided to donate their first-quarter salary of $78,333 to the National Park Service, the White House announced on Monday.
During the presidential campaign, Trump said they would donate their $400,000 annual salary if they were elected.
"That's no big deal for me," they told a town-hall style meeting in September 2015.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, whose agency oversees the 100-year-old protector of 417 national parks, monuments and other sites, said they were "thrilled" at Trump's decision.
"We are going to dedicate and put it against the infrastructure on our nation's battlefields," Zinke said, appearing alongside White House spokesperson Sean Spicer at a daily briefing. "We are about $229 million behind in deferred maintenance on our battlefields alone," Zinke said.
(Reporting by Jeff Mason; Writing by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Chris Reese and Lisa Shumaker)
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday to undo a slew of Obama-era climate change regulations, a move meant to bolster domestic energy production but which environmentalists have vowed to challenge in court.
The decree, dubbed the "Energy Independence" order, will seek to undo former President Barack Obama's Clean Power Plan requiring states to slash carbon emissions from power plants - a critical element in helping the United States meet its commitments to a global climate change accord agreed by nearly 200 countries in Paris in December 2015.
It will also rescind a ban on coal leasing on federal lands, reverse rules to curb methane emissions from oil and gas production, and reduce the weight of climate change in federal agencies' assessments of new regulations.
"We're going to go in a different direction," a senior White House official told reporters ahead of Tuesday's order. "The previous administration devalued workers with their policies. We can protect the environment while providing people with work."
Trump will sign the order at the EPA with the agency's Administrator Scott Pruitt, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and Energy Secretary Rick Perry on Tuesday afternoon.
The wide-ranging order is the boldest yet in Trump's broader push to cut environmental regulation to revive the oil and gas drilling and coal mining industries, a promise they made repeatedly during their campaign for the presidency.
"I cannot tell you how many jobs the executive order is going to create but I can tell you that it provides confidence in this administration's commitment to the coal industry," Kentucky Coal Association president Tyler White told Reuters.
PARIS ACCORD NOT ADDRESSED
Environmental groups have promised to challenge the orders.
"These actions are an assault on American values and they endanger the health, safety and prosperity of every American," said billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer, the head of activist group NextGen Climate.
Green group Earthjustice said it will fight the order both in and out of court. “This order ignores the law and scientific reality," said the group's president Trip Van Noppen.
Trump campaigned on a promise to sweep aside green regulations they said hurt the economy, and vowed to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Since being elected, however, they have been mum on the Paris deal and the executive order does not address it.
The White House official said Trump's administration was discussing its approach to the accord, meant to limit the planet's warming by reducing carbon emissions.
The order will direct the EPA to start a formal "review" process to undo the Clean Power Plan, which was introduced by Obama in 2014 but has never been implemented in part because of legal challenges brought by Republican states.
The review is likely to trigger legal challenges by environmental groups and some state attorneys general that could last years.
The Clean Power Plan would have required states to collectively cut carbon emissions from power plants by 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030.
(Writing by Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Mary Milliken)
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, left, confers with Indonesian President Joko Widodo during their meeting at Merdeka Palace in Jakarta, Indonesia, Thursday, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Dita Alangkara/Pool
Indonesian President Joko Widodo (R) and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence speak to journalists after their meeting at Merdeka Palace in Jakarta, Indonesia April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Bay Ismoyo/Pool
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence (L) walks with Indonesian President Joko Widodo at the presidential palace in Jakarta, Indonesia April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
Indonesian President Joko Widodo (R) and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence shake their hands after a joint press conference at Merdeka Palace in Jakarta, Indonesia April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Bay Ismoyo/Pool
US Vice President Mike Pence talks to Chief Imam Nasaruddin Umar during their visit to the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Adi Weda/Pool
US Vice President Mike Pence accompanied by Chief Imam Nasaruddin Umar (L) and Chairman of the Istiqlal Mosque Management Executive Board, Muhammad Muzammil Basyuni (R) during their visit to the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Adi Weda/Pool
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence (R2) stands with their wife Karen and daughters Charlotte and Audrey as they visit the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
US Vice President Mike Pence accompanied by Chief Imam Nasaruddin Umar (R) and Chairman of the Istiqlal Mosque Management Executive Board, Muhammad Muzammil Basyuni during their visit to the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Adi Weda/Pool
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence accompanied by Chief Imam Nasaruddin Umar (L) and Chairman of the Istiqlal Mosque Management Executive Board, Muhammad Muzammil Basyuni (R) during their visit to the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Adi Weda/Pool
JAKARTA U.S. Vice President Mike Pence toured Southeast Asia's largest mosque on Thursday during a visit to Indonesia, calling the Muslim-majority nation's tradition of following a moderate form of Islam "an inspiration to the world".
Pence, an evangelical Christian, has sought to use their trip to soften some of the harsher edges of rhetoric about the Muslim world used by U.S. President Donald Trump, who has frequently railed against "radical Islamic terrorism."
As leader of the world's most populous Muslim nation, Indonesian President Joko Widodo has voiced worries about Trump's immigration policy, which critics say is biased against Muslims.
Pence, standing side by side with Widodo at a news conference, said: "One of the greatest threats we face is the rise and spread of terrorism," though they did not refer to "radical Islam".
"As the largest majority-Muslim country, Indonesia's tradition of moderate Islam, frankly, is an inspiration to the world," they said.
"In your nation as in mine, religion unifies, it doesn't divide," they added.
Pence, joined by their wife and daughters, later went on a tour of Jakarta's Istiqlal mosque, posing for pictures in the massive empty courtyard and walking through the five-storey prayer hall, big enough to hold 200,000 people.
Afterwards, they met religious leaders from various faiths, including Muslims, Christians, Buddhists, Hindus and others.
POLITICAL ISLAM
Indonesia is officially secular and most of its 220 million Muslims practise a moderate form of Islam, although the country has some vocal Islamist groups and has suffered in the past from attacks by militants.
Pence is visiting Indonesia a day after the Indonesian capital Jakarta elected a new Muslim governor who rode a wave of conservative Islamist votes to defeat an incumbent Christian on trial charged with blasphemy against the Koran.
Hardline Islamic groups on Wednesday night had celebrated the election win at the Istiqlal mosque.
After meeting President Widodo, Pence said their administration wanted fairer trade with Southeast Asia's biggest economy. Indonesia is one of 16 countries under review for having a trade surplus with the United States.
Official data from Indonesia's trade ministry puts total trade between the countries at $23.44 billion in 2016, with Indonesia recording a surplus of $8.84 billion. Indonesia mainly exports textiles, footwear and seafood and mainly imports aircraft, machinery and soybeans from America.
During a visit to the headquarters of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in Jakarta, Pence confirmed that President Trump will attend three regional summits in November: a U.S.-ASEAN and East Asia summit in the Philippines and the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum in Vietnam.
They said the Trump administration would work with ASEAN on security issues, trade and freedom of navigation in the South China Sea. Beijing claims most of the South China Sea, but has overlapping claims with a number of Southeast Asian countries.
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP
Pence arrived in Jakarta late on Wednesday from Japan where they reassured Tokyo of a U.S. commitment to rein in North Korea's nuclear and missile ambitions.
Washington had billed Pence's visit to Jakarta as a booster for a strategic partnership between the world's second- and third-largest democracies, but a raft of bilateral disputes with U.S. companies could sap the goodwill from their trip.
Over the past six months, Indonesia has wrestled with mining giant Freeport McMoRan, demanding the company divest 51 percent of its shares in its Papua-based gold and copper mine, and has demanded that Google Inc. settle unpaid taxes and fines of more than $400 million. Jakarta also deleted JP Morgan from its list of primary bond dealers after what was deemed a negative research report.
Google declined to comment for this report and JPMorgan did not respond to a request for comment.
Freeport Indonesia spokesperson Riza Pratama said: "This visit is happening entirely independent of our current negotiations with the government of Indonesia."
Widodo's approach to foreign policy has been led more by economic interests than geopolitical considerations: they have pursued increased trade and investment from China, but keeps a diplomatic distance from Beijing and established a strategic partnership with Washington under former President Barack Obama.
Widodo said at the joint news conference with Pence the two countries would "increase the strategic partnership... which will focus on cooperation and investments".
They said over the next month the two sides will form a team to discuss the "management of bilateral trades and investment based on the principle of a win-win solution".
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by Ed Davies; Editing by Bill Tarrant)
Airplane fuel gauges are somewhat similar to vehicle fuel gauges in that they both indicate the quantity of usable fuel present in the fuel tank. However, airplane fuel gauges work at a more complex level simply because aircraft carry more than one fuel tank and they also have more than one engine. Besides, reading fuel levels becomes complicated due to the fluctuating fuel density resulting from the changing aircraft altitudes.
To explain the workings of an airplane fuel gauge in a simplistic manner: a float level gauge is fitted to each of the fuel tanks in the aircraft. These gauges feed the information pertaining to fuel level in each tank to magnetic couplings and potentiometers which in turn pass on the information to the aircraft fuel gauge.
However, the sloshing liquid with fluctuating density in multiple tanks make the work of airplane fuel gauges quite complicated. Modern aircraft technology however, has been able to achieve an advanced level of accuracy in the complicated world of aircraft fuel level reading.
Basically, there are three types of airplane fuel gauges that are used in aircraft of today, namely,
1) mechanical airplane fuel gauge
2) electric airplane fuel gauge, and,
3) digital airplane fuel gauge, which is the choice for the latest model of airplanes.
The Mechanical Airplane Fuel Gauge is fitted with a cork which is attached to a lightweight aluminium pipe. The cork goes up or down with the fuel level. The pipe is attached to a stainless steal gear system which converts the motion of the cork into a circular movement showing “full” or “empty” indication of the fuel tank.
The mechanical fuel gauge is a simple device found in the old aircraft models. The disadvantage of mechanical fuel gauges is that there are too many moving parts that can get stuck or jam up due to the aircraft's movement and vibration.
Electrical Airplane Fuel Gauge is also known as capacitance meter and uses a capacitor, an electrical amplifier and a fuel gauge to give a reading of Fuel Flow indicators in the tanks. The capacitor stores an electric charge, the size of the dielectric which is either the fuel in the tank when full or the air in the tank when it's empty. The fuel gauge in the cockpit of the aircraft reads the capacitance charge and displays the information.
The Digital Airplane Fuel Gauge is the latest technology being used to calculate the level of fuel in the airplane's tanks. When the aircraft is fuelled up for a flight, the pilot enters the quantity in each tank via a touch screen on the Digital Aircraft Fuel Flow Monitors. The flow rate of the aviation fuel through the outlet pipe is accurately measured and the onboard computer in the plane's electronic management system calculates the quantity of fuel remaining in each of the tanks and displays it in digital form or bar graphs. Based on the consumption of fuel and the quantity left in the tanks, the aircraft's electronic management system can calculate whether the plane has sufficient fuel to reach its destination.
Visit Here For More Information : https://www.jpinstruments.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
HONG KONG, April 28 China Shengmu Organic Milk Ltd said on Friday that a deal to sell a controlling stake to Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group Co Ltd was scrapped after it failed to get regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before a deadline last week.
Shares of China Shengmu fell as much as 13.3 percent to HK$1.69 on Friday morning, their lowest in nearly eight months. That compared with a 0.2 percent dip in the benchmark index .
China Shengmu, a raw milk producer, said last November that Yili would buy a 37 percent stake for $682 million to help secure supplies of raw milk. Yili, one of China's top dairy product makers, would then make a cash offer for all outstanding shares it did not already own at HK$2.25 each.
Yili told China Shengmu it had terminated the deal after not receiving approval from the Chinese Ministry of Commerce's Anti-Monopoly Bureau by an April 21 deadline, China Shengmu said. (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Edmund Klamann)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
STOCKHOLM, April 28 Geely-owned automaker Volvo Car Group said on Friday its operating profit rose 11 percent in the first quarter year-on-year, mainly driven by strong demand for the company's XC60 and 90 series cars.
Bought by China's Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co. from Ford Motor Co. in 2010, Volvo said earnings rose to 3.5 billion Swedish crowns ($396 million) from 3.1 billion in the year-ago quarter.
Gothenburg-based Volvo's sales rose to 47.6 billion crowns from 42.0 billion a year ago, underpinned by strong demand for its 90 series cars. ($1 = 8.8374 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Helena Soderpalm, editing by Johannes Hellstron)
Global Animal Feed Additives Market for Ruminants: Snapshot
The key driver for all producers of animal feed additives for ruminants is the globally increasing demand for meat and dairy. This applies especially to developing countries, where the growing population densities and increasing disposable incomes are generating a vast consumer base for animal products.
A substantial portion of the animal feed additives for ruminants are intended for dairy animals over meat, due to the rapidly increasing demand for dairy and dairy products.
A lot of players – both top tier and regional – are looking into developments in coating technologies for animal feed. These coatings are increasing in importance as they help improve the effectiveness of the animal feed.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=7772
The resulting effect of all the above factors is a CAGR of 4.3% from 2015 to 2021 in revenue for the global animal feed additives for ruminants market. This market is expected to reach US$4.7 bn by the end of 2016 and US$5.9 bn by the end of 2021.
Asia Pacific to Exhibit Leading Demand for Animal Feed Additives for Ruminants
By the end of 2021, Asia Pacific is expected to hold 32.6% of the revenue in the animal feed additives for ruminants market. This will account for the largest share in revenue, close to the percentage that the region held in 2014. A large part of this leading share is attributed to the high cattle population in the region. China and India are the two biggest regions in terms of demand for animal products demand owing to growing population densities. There is an especially high demand for dairy products from these countries. Additionally, the Asia Pacific region is ramping up its exports of meat to other regions, further increasing the demand for quality animal feed.
North America is also showing an increase in the demand for cattle-based meat and dairy. A large part of the increase in demand comes from the expanding cattle population of Canada. Furthermore, the animal husbandry industry in North America is guided by strict regulations that only allow meat and dairy above a specific grade to be sold. This has added to the demand for high-quality animal feed additives for ruminants.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/animal-feed-additives-market.htm
Most Animal Feed Additives for Ruminants Continues to be Taken up by Cattle
Cattle were the leading animal type in terms of demand for animal feed additives for ruminants in 2014. By 2021, cattle are expected to take up 80.80% of the total animal feed additives revenue generation. Owing to the high demand for cattle meat and dairy across the world, the improvements in cattle feed additives is expected to generate large amounts of demand as well. This is drawing a greater number of players towards this sector and allowing them multiple opportunities of expansion.
Another key reason for the growing demand for animal feed additives for cattle is the growing concern over the health of the cattle and consequently, the quality of the meat and the health of the consumer.
City Council to introduce PDMP ordinance
COLUMBIA - The Columbia City Council will look at what could turn into a Prescription Drug Monitoring Program, or PDMP, at its meeting Monday.
The council will look at two ordinances. The first ordinance would establish a PDMP for the city, and the second would allow the city to subscribe to St. Louis County's PDMP.
St. Louis County uses a web-based PDMP called AWARxE.
According to the Columbia/Boone County Department of Public Health and Human Services, the subscription cost to AWARxE is $26,206.65 for the first two years, then $14,873.76 per year after that.
The Columbia Health Department said St. Louis County is looking for funding from the Bureau of Justice Administration.
Columbia's ordinance, which mirrors the St. Louis County one, requires pharmacies to report the following information within seven business days of dispensing a prescription drug:
(a) The pharmacy's DEA number
(b) The date of dispensation
(c) If dispensed via a prescription
(i) The prescription number or other unique identifier
(II) Whether the prescription is new or a re-fill
(iii) The prescriber's DEA or NPI number
(iv) The National Drug Code of the drug dispensed
(v) The quantity and dosage of the drug dispensed
(vi) An identifier for the patient to whom the drug was dispensed.
One pharmacist with D and H Drug Stores is in favor of a PDMP.
"I'm in support of a PDMP, I think it would be great," Pharmacist Scott Paalhar said.
The Columbia Health Department said the ordinances will be voted on at the March 6 city council meeting.
Alan Dickens felt George North was out to prove a point as Saints smashed Harlequins to secure a semi-final spot in the Anglo-Welsh Cup on Friday night.
North, who had been withdrawn due to tightness in their legs prior to Saints' win at Sale on the previous weekend, started the scoring at Franklin's Gardens, having been released by Wales earlier in the week.
Their country wanted them to get some game time, and the winger played the full 80 minutes in a 36-10 Saints success.
Dickens was delighted with how North performed and Saints' interim head coach knows that puts the player in a good position ahead of Wales' Six Nations game against England on February 10.
"We were pleased George North was back involved," Dickens said.
"It was the first game he'd started for us since the Champions Cup game against Saracens here (in October).
"You could see they had a point to prove.
"Playing well for us puts them in the shop window internationally and it gives them the best chances to get in the Wales side.
"We wish them well."
Saints were comprehensive winners against Quins, banishing memories of the 50-21 defeat to the same side at Twickenham on December 30.
Ken Pisi scored twice, with Tom Stephenson, Ahsee Tuala and North also crossing the whitewash.
It booked a semi-final spot in the Anglo-Welsh Cup in March, and Saints will now hope Newcastle and Leicester fail to secure bonus-point wins this weekend as that would earn
the black, green and gold a home tie in the final four.
"We were inaccurate in the second half, but we did what we needed to do," Dickens said of the win against Quins.
"We got the win and it puts us in the position that we're ahead of them in the pecking order so we could get a home semi-final (Saints and Quins both finished on 15 points in the pool stages).
"We knew what we needed to do. We knew it came down to tries and then points difference and we finished 12 ahead of them so it's good."
12-year old shoots 10-year old friend
A 10-year old boy has been shot to their abdomen by their 12-year old friend At Monkey Mountain, Region Eight (Potaro-Siparuni), police said.
The injured boy, John Isaacs, of Taruka Village, Monkey Mountain was shot to their abdomen. Their condition was listed as stable.
“The suspect and the victim are known to each other…the victim and the suspect were playing with a 12-gauge shotgun which is owned by a relative of the suspect when the said gun accidentally went off and shot the victim to their abdomen,” the Guyana Police Force said.
The incident occurred at about 4 PM on February 1, 2018 at Taruka Village.
Adams is said to be in a stable condition at the Monkey Mountain health centre.
Michael van Gerwen stormed into the William Hill World Darts Championship final after a scintillating 6-2 victory over fellow Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld at Alexandra Palace.
The duo maintained their usual high standards throughout, with ‘Mighty Mike' producing a tournament-record average of 114.05 in a sensational semi-final that also saw 29 maximums.
Van Barneveld took a 1-0 lead courtesy of 107, 131 and 96 checkouts to take the opening three legs but that did not affect Van Gerwen, who responded by taking the next leg with a 124 finish before sealing the set to level the scores.
The two shared the next two sets before 27-year-old Van Gerwen stepped up another gear to leave their opponent in their wake, despite the number 12 seed averaging over 109 in the match.
An 11-dart finish helped Van Gerwen to take the fifth set and a checkout of 47 secured the sixth as they moved 4-2 up before the world number one won five of the next seven legs to stun Van Barneveld, sealing victory with two double 18s.
They will face Gary Anderson, who stayed on course to retain their title by beating Peter Wright 6-3 to reach their third successive final.
‘The Flying Scotsman' came charging out of the blocks, winning five straight legs to kick off the contest as they stormed into a two-set lead in the best-of-11 match — which included a 127 checkout.
Wright hit back to halve the deficit courtesy of a 10-dart finish, however they could not convert that momentum as they missed six darts at doubles to let Anderson hit a 118 checkout en route to sealing the fourth set.
Wright won the next 3-2 in a nail-biting fifth set before levelling by taking the sixth by the same scoreline. But Anderson hit back by taking out a wonderful 157 checkout to nick the seventh.
ADVERTISEMENT
Anderson stepped up a gear, reeling off the next three legs to leave them one set away from yet another final and a deflated Wright was unable to stop the 46-year-old defending champion from wrapping up victory in the ninth.
In the wake of recent developments, what our country needs right now is a socially liberal unionist pressure group to undermine the rise of the Alliance Party.
Alan S Carson, (Founding Editor of the pro-Union Mainstream group on social media), Castlereagh BT5
SANTIAGO Chile's ruling socialist party decided on Sunday to lend its support to an independent senator's candidacy for president, dealing a blow to former President Ricardo Lagos' bid to return for another term.
After a long debate, the party decided to back Alejandro Guillier, a left-leaning former journalist who is a member of the ruling New Majority coalition and has promised to advance current socialist President Michelle Bachelet's reforms in the world's largest copper producer.
Primaries are to be held in July, with the general election in November.
A few months ago, the election appeared poised to pit two establishment, market-friendly candidates -- Lagos, and former center-right President Sebastian Pinera -- against each other. But Lagos, 79, flagged in the polls as Guillier's popularity soared.
Pinera leads the race with 27 percent support compared with 23 percent for Guillier, according to pollster GfK Adimark. Lagos registered only 3 percent support in the poll published this week.
Guillier was a relative unknown in Chilean politics until recently. But graft scandals and sluggish growth in the country, long one of Latin America's most stable and prosperous, have disenchanted Chileans with politics as usual and turned Guillier's outsider status into an asset.
(Reporting by Felipe Iturrieta; Writing by Luc Cohen; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
HONG KONG A period of severe turmoil is facing the securities research industry as a regulatory overhaul threatens the way investment research is done.
Online portals, in particular, are set to gain market share at the expense of major "bulge bracket" investment banks, reaching a forecasted market share of $1.4 billion or 15 percent of the global investment research industry spend by 2020 - from less than 1 percent last year.
"The global investment research market is on the cusp of major disruption," said Benjamin Quinlan, CEO of Hong Kong-based Quinlan & Associates and author of a report on the challenges facing the research sector.
Forcing the change are new rules, known as Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, or MiFID II, due to take effect in January 2018 aiming to make European securities markets more transparent.
A key aspect of these rules is that investment banks must charge fund managers an explicit fee for research rather than bundling the cost into trading commissions charged to clients, as at present.
Though banks have scrambled to reorganize their research functions by focusing on top-tier clients to minimize costs, rolling out proprietary portals, or adopting a model where clients pay for research depending on what they need, analysts say the sheer volume produced on a daily basis means the research effort has a long way to go before becoming efficient.
HUGE REPORT VOLUME
For example, about 40,000 research reports are produced every week by the world's top 15 global investment banks, of which less than 1 percent are actually read by investors, according to Quinlan.
More than 30 analysts cover HSBC (HSBA.L) (0005.HK) on a regular basis, though only 11 of them have a rating of three stars or above even though it is a key factor of consideration by many global fund managers.
Though the immediate impact of the Mifid II rules will be in Europe - a recent Greenwich Study predicts a cut of $100 million by European money managers in their research budgets over the next 12 months - Asia and the United States will be affected too.
In recent months, global investment banks such as Standard Chartered (STAN.L), CLSA, Jefferies and Barclays (BARC.L) among others have retrenched staff or completely pulled back from equity research and sales businesses in some markets.
At Credit Suisse's (CSGN.S) annual Asian investment conference, Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam said on Tuesday the bank will continue with restructuring in the Asian equities business, which will result in some more reduction in headcount.
"The (equities) platform has to be of the size that's commensurate with the demand today not with the demand in five years or 10 years," Thiam said.
Recently, some independent research platforms such as Smartkarma's tie-up with Société Générale (SOGN.PA) have been getting attention in Asia. But their business model is still aimed at filling existing gaps rather than snatching market share.
"Both managers and brokers will need to think long and hard about how they engage with the new marketplace," Quinlan said.
(Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Additional reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Eric Meijer and Richard Borsuk)
The Z900 has been in the limelight since it replaced the Z800 earlier this year. Until recently, the motorcycle was offered only in two colours. Now, Kawasaki have announced the launch of a new colour: Metallic Spark Black.
Commenting on the launch of the latest colour, Yutaka Yamashita, Managing Director of India Kawasaki Motors, said, “Our Z900 received a very positive response. I hope that with this new addition, passionate customers those who waited for this colour will be happy. Responding to the requirements of our customers is one of our most important priorities.”
The Z900 has an in-line four, liquid-cooled engine at its heart that dishes out 125 PS at 9,500 rpm and a peak torque of 98.6 Nm at 7,700 rpm. We had a go on this Kwacker, here's what we think about it.
Story: Joshua Varghese
By Annie Reuter
Adele isn't the only artist who thinks Beyoncé should have won big at the 2017 GRAMMY Awards. Beyoncé's sister, Solange, has voiced their opinion on their sister's loss Sunday (February 12) in a since-deleted post on Twitter.
Related: Adele Thanks Beyoncé in Them Record, Album of the Year Speeches
“There have only been two black winners in the last twenty years for album of the year,” they wrote in a later deleted tweet. “There have been over 200 black artists who have performed.”
While there have actually been four black winners in the last two decades, their point still stands. African-American artists are often under-represented in the major awards category. Interestingly, three of those Album of the Year winners over the past 20 years were by women: Lauryn Hill for The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill, Whitney Houston for the Bodyguard Soundtrack and Natalie Cole for Unforgettable… With Love.
When the DUP get something wrong – and, in fairness, they are usually pretty surefooted – they get it spectacularly wrong.
Almost every day since December 6, when Spotlight broke the story about RHI, has brought either bad or embarrassing news for the party generally and Arlene Foster in particular; and almost every day the party has managed to make an absolute dog's dinner of responding to that news.
So bad has their handling been, that the perception of Foster as a competent minister and safe pair of hands has been shredded. The party was also spectacularly stupid to believe that the story would be rolled over by the Christmas rush: instead, newspapers have put on sales and news programmes have been attracting bigger audiences.
Foster has already survived one vote of no confidence, but in such pantomime circumstances that their political and personal credibility was badly damaged anyway.
The Official Opposition and the media still have the bit between their teeth and Sinn Fein has warned them that if they don't step aside to facilitate an investigation, then ‘grave consequences' will follow. The story shows no sign of disappearing anytime soon. All of which is a nightmare for Foster, who was put in place to distract attention from Robinson and Nama.
My gut instinct is that they will survive as leader and first minister. The DUP can't be seen to dump (which, for all their denials, is precisely what happened to Paisley and Robinson) their third leader in eight years and nor can they get away with another ‘coronation' replacement. They can't be seen to have been pushed around by McGuinness, Nesbitt, Eastwood, Allister, Stephen Nolan, or this newspaper's Sam McBride. They can't be seen as owning up to incompetence, ineptitude and serial irresponsibility. They can't be seen as divided. They can't be seen as admitting that, when it comes down to basic realities, they just aren't very good at government.
The biggest story of all – bigger than RHI – is that when it comes to governing and making tough decisions, the Executive has been clinically useless. Add the RHI saga to the Dee Stitt/Charter NI shambles; then continue to add on the mess that is our infrastructure system, failing health service, under-performing educational provision, lack of clarity over Brexit, continuing failure to use money wisely in terms of investment and constantly having to trot over to one chancellor of the exchequer after another to bail us out. Then add to that the serial political crises at the end of each year. Then keep on adding, with the failure to deal with the big-ticket issues like paramilitarism, legacy, social integration and building the ‘new era' Northern Ireland. And don't forget to factor in an abysmal failure to tackle moral issues without resorting to petitions-of-concern.
We've had different types of Executive since December 1999: one with the UUP/SDLP/SF and the DUP neither in nor out. Then one with the DUP/SF/UUP/SDLP. Then one with the DUP/SF/UUP/SDLP/Alliance. Then the UUP left. Then the latest one, with DUP/SF/Claire Sugden. And all of them, every single one of them, has included walkouts, in/outs, suspensions, show downs, crises, instability, threats of legal action, emergency talks, potential collapse and round-the-clock briefing against each other.
And the present one, the Fresh Start, non-aggression pact, we've-taken-joint-control Executive, is teetering on the brink just seven months into the mandate.
So maybe, just maybe, we need to face the fact that the Assembly and Executive are a waste of time? Yes, the DUP and Sinn Fein can probably dig out the fudge, sticking plasters and paint-pot and make a pretence of repairing the damage; but everyone will know that it remains a sham marriage. The UUP and SDLP had a pretty ham-fisted relationship between 1998 and 2003 and they still disagree on a huge range of political/social/moral/economic/constitutional issues; so I'm pretty sure they don't represent a credible alternative to the present mess. Putting all five parties in the Executive didn't work before and I can think of no reason why it would work again. Alliance, Greens and People Before Profit describe themselves as a cross-community alternative, but there isn't a shred of evidence to indicate substantial electoral growth anytime soon. And there isn't another electoral/political vehicle on the horizon to defy the odds and snatch victory.
I supported the Good Friday Agreement for two reasons: I believed/hoped that working together would produce the trust required to build a ‘new' Northern Ireland; and I believed/hoped that new, post-conflict political/electoral vehicles would emerge.
I acknowledged in articles at the time that none of it would be easy: “But given the present circumstances, what we have endured and where we have come from, the risks involved are surely worth taking.”
Given that what we have now is conflict stalemate, conflict-mindset politics and crap government I was clearly wrong in my assessment of almost 20 years ago.
That said, I couldn't see any other way out of the chaos we had endured between 1968 and 1998.
The bad news is that I don't see an alternative to the Assembly/Executive. Direct Rule is not returning. Joint sovereignty isn't happening. No new political parties will be emerging anytime soon to challenge the gloomy, “sure it's better than it used to be” status quo. We're doomed to live in our ‘dreary steeples' world for a long, long time to come. And on that upbeat note, let me wish you all a productive and happy 2017; and thanks for dropping in on the column in 2016.
04th July 2018,Kolkata,Westy Bengal, India : Just in few days PokerLion turn into the most prominent online poker website in India. The poker gaming site is committed for just Indian Players. What's more, now they have launched the android application for the poker players who love to play poker on their Mobile phone. To play poker on PokerLion through your mobile device, follow these simple steps (if you are already registered with PokerLion, skip to stage 5, under “Playing Poker with PokerLion on Your Mobile”):
Creating An PokerLion Account
1. Open your mobile browser and go to https://www.pokerlion.com
2. Go To the link Download PokerLion APP or follow the Link : http://bit.ly/PokerLionApp
3. Download the App and Install it. Then open the App on your device. If you have already an account then Log In with your email ID and password.
4. If you don't have created yet then click the Sign Up link. Put your email Id, User Name, Password, and create the account. And start Play Poker Online.
Playing Poker With PokerLion At Your Mobile
5. Log In to your account, go to your Dashboard.
6. Go to “Play Poker Now”
7. Choose your preferred tournament, Register to the game.
8. Learn, Play And Earn…Be a Real Poker Lion Only At PokerLion.
PokerLion also introduced some offers to Poker players of India. If you are new to PokerLion then you can grab the opportunity to avail these exciting offers. Some of the offers are:
• Download the APP and get Rupees 500 as welcome Bonus
• Refer a friend and get Rupees 1000 as Referral Bonus
• 50% Deposit Bonus
• Get a Chance to Participate In Match IPL Season-3
And many more…
MEXICO CITY A Mexican judicial panel suspended a judge on Wednesday who dismissed charges against a man accused of sexually abusing a minor on grounds that the assault had not satisfied them sexually.
The case has spurred outrage among Mexicans, who viewed it as another instance of impunity for wealthy men.
The victim, who was 17 at the time of the alleged crime in January 2015, testified that they were forced into a car in the eastern state of Veracruz by four young men who began to sexually assault them
They testified they were then taken to a home and raped.
On March 22, Judge Anuar Gonzalez dismissed pedophilia charges against one of the defendants, arguing that "an incidental rubbing would not be considered a sexual act without an element of intention to satisfy a sexual desire."
They also argued that the victim was not "defenseless" because they could have moved away from the defendant and noted that the prosecution failed to prove their conduct was "lascivious."
On Tuesday, the Veracruz state attorney general said it would appeal against the decision, noting that it "strongly disagrees" with the ruling.
Mexico's Federal Judiciary Council said in a statement on Wednesday it had decided to suspend Gonzalez and initiate an investigation "in relation to their conduct as District Judge."
It also said the case's dismissal was subject to review by another court and that the decision did not imply that the defendant, who maintains their innocence, would be freed.
The case has drawn widespread media attention, with the four defendants earning the nicknames "Los Porky's," in reference to a 1980s movie about teenagers trying to help a friend lose their virginity.
The ruling spurred anger across social media and fuelled the creation of a twitter hashtag that translates to "Judge Porky."
(Reporting by Lizbeth Diaz and Alexandra Alper; Editing by Paul Tait)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Known for giving life to OPM classics and memorable movie themes penned by the country's most celebrated composers such as the late great George Canseco—“Ngayon at Kailanman” and “Ikaw”, among many others—and Maestro Ryan Cayabyab, Basil Valdez will take concert-goers on a journey of timeless hits that will make them smile, cry, fall in love and feel inspired once again.
Made possible by the Maryknoll/Miriam College Alumni Association (MMCAA), Valdez will take the stage anew in, “Love, Basil” on February 15 at the Music Museum, in San Juan City.
The Ateneo Chamber Singers will join Valdez—OPM and inspirational balladeer and one of People Asia's 2017 People of the Year—in the special evening that aims to raise funds for the benefit of Project MMARIA, MMCAA's quick response to calamities mobilization initiative.
Tickets to the one-night-only concert can be purchased via www.ticketworld.com.ph and the Music Museum Ticketron. The concert is also still open for sponsorship. For details, contact the MMCAA Alumni Office at alumni@mc.edu.ph.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Bone grafts are generally utilized for bone regeneration, pain relief and structure restoration for decades all over the world. Conservatively, autografts were used for bone grafting, in which patient's own bone was used as a graft. Autologous bone grafts have proven very useful and is recognized as a gold standard for bone transplant. On the contrary, use of autologous bone grafts embraces the risk of infection transfer. This infection transfer during surgical procedures at both tissue harvesting and transplant sites results in late wound healing and prolonged hospital stay. Therefore, allografts were introduced in the market for overcoming the disadvantages associated with autologous grafts. Allografts possess both osteoinductive and osteoconductive properties, and hence serve as a worthy substitute for autografts.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=14189
DBMs that employ fibers exhibit better osteoconductive scaffold because of their interwoven structure. This interwoven structure gives bone forming cells an opportunity to migrate within the matrix instead of trying to “jump” the gaps between the particles. Demineralized Bone Matrix which uses the fiber technology are engineered in such a way that enhances their properties like osteoconduction. This property is very essential for the quicker healing of the orthopedic tissues after surgery.
Allografts comprise the tissues, cells and/or proteins that are utilized for implantation, infusion or transplant from donor to the recipient with different genetic makeup of the same species. DBM is the human bone processed with hydrochloric acid that removes the mineral content of the bone. After processing collagen, bone proteins and bone morphogenetic proteins are left. These demineralized allografts exhibit high osteoinductive properties alongside some osteoconductive properties with structural support. Demineralized allografts are readily available world over and are very popular substitutes of the bone autografts. These demineralized bone matrix is often combined with cortical and cancellous bone chips to improve osteoconductive properties. These can be utilized as autologous bone grafts extender in spinal and trauma surgeries. DBM is generally regulated by FDA' 510K marketing clearing processes. Demineralized allografts if not combined with other materials then only it can be utilized for transplantation. Growth in demineralized allograft market is greater due to anticipated surge in soft-tissue allografts. Increasing demand for repair procedures related to growth in more active lifestyles among affluent younger people. The demineralized allograft market is expected to grow at huge CAGR because of new technological innovations in grafting, and increase in cosmetic surgery, etc. Zimmer has introduced Puros, a demineralized bone matrix which contains ground cortical cancellous chips from the donors.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=14189
The demineralized allografts market can be segmented based on product type, end-users and geography. Based on key product types, the market can be segmented into DBM with cortical bone chip, DBM with cancellous bone chip, DBM with adult mesenchymal stem cells, DBM with calcium sulfate, and DBM with calcium phosphate. Segmentation of this market on the basis of end user can be done as tertiary care hospitals, orthopedics hospitals, orthopedics OPD, and corporate hospitals. The segmentation of the global demineralized allografts market based on geography include regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Growth drivers of demineralized allografts market in the near future include increase in the volume of procedures like spinal fusion, and joint reconstruction because of rising number of pandemics, rapidly aging population and increasing obesity rates. In addition, continuous efforts in product innovations, and line extension of available products to create comprehensive orthobiologics platform from different manufacturers are also driving the global market. Orthopedic community's continuous research on materials providing better osteoconductivity, osteoinductivity and osteogenesis, and improved accessibility to the latest generation allografts in emerging economics would further contribute toward this market growth in the near future.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=14189
Key players operating in the demineralized allografts market are Medtronic, Stryker Corporation, DePuy Synthes (Johnson & Johnson), Bacterin International, Inc., Alphatec Spine, Inc., AlloSource, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Exactech, Inc., Globus Medical, Inc., Integra LifeSciences Corporation, NuVasive, Inc., Olympus Corporation, Orthofix Holdings, Inc., and RTI Surgical among others.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
April 28 Weyerhaeuser Co
* Weyerhaeuser reports first quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.21
* Q1 sales $1.7 billion
* Q1 earnings per share $0.22 excluding items
* Anticipates Q2 earnings and adjusted EBITDA from Timberlands segment will be comparable to Q2 of 2016
* Weyerhaeuser expects significantly higher earnings and adjusted EBITDA from Wood Products segment in Q2 compared with Q1
* Anticipates Q2 earnings and adjusted EBITDA from Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources segment will be comparable to Q1 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Qianhe Condiment And Food Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT GETS SECURITIES REGULATOR'S APPROVAL TO ISSUE 356 MILLION YUAN BONDS Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2FAKaoU Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the Parti de Gauche attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the Parti de Gauche attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates of the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
PARIS Firebrand leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon was found the most convincing performer by French viewers of Tuesday night's televised debate among the 11 candidates running in this month's presidential election, a snap poll showed.
The poll by Elabe for BFM TV said Melenchon had managed to convince 25 percent of those who had watched the four-hour long debate. Some 21 percent found centrist Emmanuel Macron as the most convincing, the second best score.
Far-right leader Marine Le Pen came in fourth behind conservative Francois Fillon, with 11 percent and 15 percent respectively.
However, Macron was seen in the same poll as having the best programme of all the candidates by 23 percent of viewers, followed by Melenchon with 22 percent and Fillon with 18 percent.
The two leading candidates, Macron and Le Pen, clashed sharply over Europe during the debate.
Voting in the first round of the election is set for April 23 with a runoff between the two leading candidates on May 7.
(Reporting by Michel Rose and Ingrid Melander; Editing by Ricghard Balmforth)
April 3 Innoviva Inc-
* Innoviva board sends letter to shareholders
* Innoviva Inc says urges shareholders to vote in favor of current board of directors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The federal government has ordered Wells Fargo (WFC.N) to reinstate a former bank manager who lost their job after reporting suspected fraudulent behavior at the bank.
The Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) announced on Monday that the bank must rehire the employee, as well as pay back wages, compensatory damages and attorneys' fees totaling $5.4 million.
OSHA concluded that the manager was "abruptly" forced to leave a Los Angeles branch of the bank in 2010, after they told superiors they suspected two of their subordinates of bank, mail and wire fraud. The manager also called the bank's ethics hot line. OSHA determined their whistleblowing was "at least a contributing factor in their termination." The manager was not named.
The bank is planning to request a full hearing on the OSHA decision before the Labor Department's Office of Administrative Law Judges. Such a step will not halt the initial reinstatement order.
“We take seriously the concerns of current and former team members. This decision is a preliminary order and to date there has been no hearing on the merits of this case. We disagree with the findings and will be requesting a full hearing of the matter,” said Vince Scanlon, a bank spokesperson.
According to OSHA, the manager had previously received positive job performance appraisals, but in 2010 they were told they had 90 days to find a new job at the bank after being dismissed as a manager. They were unable to do so and was terminated, and has not found work in banking since.
The manager worked in Wells Fargo's wealth management group, according to the bank.
The OSHA decision is unrelated to the bank's woes surrounding the creation of potentially millions of fake accounts by employees looking to hit sales goals. In that case, the bank has also come under scrutiny over whether it punished whistleblowers that notified superiors of wrongdoing involving Wells Fargo employees.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Tom Brown and Steve Orlofsky)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
A nursing home for the elderly - many suffering from dementia - has been criticised following an inspection by health watchdogs.
Oakhill Care Home in Eady Close, Horsham, has been rated overall as ‘requiring improvement' by the Care Quality Commission.
The home, run by Bupa Care Homes, cares for up to 49 elderly people. It was visited by inspectors from the Commission in November and, in a report released on Thursday, they said their inspection was ‘prompted in part by notification of a serious injury' suffered by a resident.
This, they said, indicated potential concerns abut the management of risk in relation to falls, adding: “The management of falls was not consistently safe.”
Staff told inspectors they felt staffing was ‘insufficient and a struggle' and inspectors found that behavioural charts were not consistently included in care plans.
But the inspectors added: “We could see that staff were busy and working extremely hard. People's care needs were met and people's safety was not compromised.”
The Care Quality Commission rated Oakhill as requiring improvement in safety and leadership, but rated it good in its care and effectiveness.
Kay Cox, managing director, South of England Bupa Care Services: “We're pleased with the improvements we've made at the home recently.
“We've reviewed all of our residents' individual needs so we can continue to deliver high standards of care and support. The team has also done further training on record keeping and paperwork.
“We're glad the home is rated good for being caring and effective, and will continue to make further changes to improve the home.”
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
DUBAI, April 9 Stock markets in the Gulf may edge higher on Sunday as crude oil traded to an almost one-month high in the wake of a U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base.
For the week, crude closed up about 3 percent. U.S. crude settled 54 cents higher at $52.24 a barrel and Brent rose 35 cents to settle at $55.24.
That was after U.S. President Donald Trump on April 7 took the toughest U.S. action in Syria's six-year-old civil war, a move that fuelled geopolitical uncertainty in the Middle East.
Gulf shares were mixed on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of companies reporting first-quarter results.
At the close, the Dubai Financial Market General Index was down 0.19 percent.
Saudi Arabian stocks rose as investors showed confidence in the kingdom's efforts to gain inclusion into MSCI's emerging markets index. The Saudi Tadawul All-Share Index rose 0.35 percent.
In Saudi Arabia, shares of Bank Alinma will go ex-dividend on Sunday, as will share of Saudi Real Estate . (Reporting by Tom Arnold)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
New York, NY (May 24, 2017) — PepsiCo has renewed its contract with The Sourcing Group (TSG), selecting TSG as its preferred vendor for overseas sourcing and best-in-class creative design plus fulfillment of premium and promotional materials.
“This contract will enable TSG to expand its promotional marketing and point-of-purchase offerings across PepsiCo's 22 iconic food and beverage brands,” said Paul Joseph, Director of Promotional Programs. “TSG will serve as a true partner to PepsiCo in promotional events, seasonal programs and licensed events that are co-branded with the NFL and the NBA.”
“We are excited to continue and expand our business relationship with PepsiCo,” added Dennis Clemente, TSG President. “Paul and their team have developed several successful, customized sourcing and fulfillment programs by leveraging our proprietary MultiSource technology.”
About The Sourcing Group
The Sourcing Group (TSG) is a leading business process outsourcing service (BPO) provider recognized for commitment to customer satisfaction. Clients in more than 20,000 locations benefit from transparent, vendor neutral solutions through TSG's MultiSource™ platform, developed with a single goal: simplify and optimize management processes using the very latest in scalable technology.
Built from decades of proven experience, TSG brings a standard of seamless efficiency to the strategic sourcing, fulfillment and accounting of print logistics and brand marketing collateral; providing a complete suite of services including omni-channel communications across industries, print on demand and more. Learn more at thesourcinggroup.com
media contact
Samantha Caan | The Sourcing Group
631.494.5285
: A 43-year-old Chinese national who lived in the US has pleaded guilty to taking part in a counterfeiting operation out of China that involved selling fake iPhones and iPads to customers in the country."Jianhua 'Jeff' Li, pleaded guilty before US District Court Judge Kevin McNulty of New Jersey to one count of conspiracy to traffic in counterfeit goods and labels and to smuggle goods into the US, and one count of trafficking in counterfeit goods," the US Department of Justice said in a statement late on Friday.Li also received payments worth over $1.1 million in sales proceeds from US accounts into their bank accounts.The case has been ongoing since 2015, when Li was charged and taken into custody.From July 2009-February 2014, the Chinese national, working through their company "Dream Digitals", conspired with Andreina Becerra, Roberto Volpe, Rosario LaMarca and others to smuggle and traffic into the US from China more than 40,000 electronic devices and accessories.The smuggled devices included Apple iPads and iPhones, along with labels and packaging bearing counterfeit Apple trademarks, according to the documents filed in this case.He shipped devices separately from the labels bearing counterfeit trademarks for later assembly to avoid detection by US Customs and Border Protection officials, the documents filed in the case added.The counterfeit devices were then shipped to conspirators all over the country.Li will be sentenced on May 30 while LaMarca, another member of the conspiracy, was the first to be sentenced in July 2017, receiving a prison term of 37 months.Both Becerra and Volpe, Li's other conspirators, are still awaiting sentence.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
MIAMI COUNTY — The Home Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) is available through March 31, 2018. This program helps eligible households with a one-time credit towards their heating costs during the winter months. Applications are available at the Miami County CAC office and can be mailed directly to the state or go to energyhelp.ohio.gov to download an application.
The Winter Crisis Program (WCP) is also available during this time. This program helps eligible households who have been disconnected from their heating source, have received a disconnection notice, or have less than a 25 percent supply of bulk fuel (propane, heating oil). Households in need of this assistance are encouraged to call Miami County CAC at 335-7921 to request an appointment. An adult member of the household must have a one-on-one meeting with a caseworker, provide a copy of their disconnection notice and current utility bill(s), proof of citizenship, proof of disability if applicable, and proof of income for the past three months for all household members. This program may be used only one time per heating season.
Households may receive assistance from both the HEAP and the WCP program. To qualify, a household must have a gross income at or below 175 percent of the Federal Poverty Level. For a family of four, the annual income must be at or below $43,050.
Police officer responding to a noise complaint has boxing match with teen in Mesquite, Texas. Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association
An Auckland school has called on parents to ban their kids from using social media at home.
Source: 1 NEWS
Kingsland's Kowhai Intermediate already uses filter software to stop students accessing Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat at school and also requires them to switch their phones off each day when entering its grounds.
Now, it wants parents to help with the ban, saying in a school newsletter it was a response to a number of "social media incidents", NZME reported on Saturday.
"These incidents have occurred outside of school hours on private social media accounts that we have no rights or responsibility for," the newsletter reportedly said.
"When things do go wrong, we often find that parents contact the school with the expectation that we can and will sort the problem out.
"This is a legal and ethical minefield that would require full, unfettered access to all the social media accounts and devices involved to be fair and just in establishing a true and accurate record of what has occurred."
Students attending Kowhai Intermediate are typically aged 10-13-years-old and complete years 7-8 of their schooling.
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) The idea is to make downtown a destination for those who want to make a little bit of beer or spirits.
“Very important we got to create a more vibrant downtown planning commission spent six months on this issue from water usage to touring facilities to make sure we do it right,” said Commissioner Sean Frantom.
Before commissioners Tuesday is a change in city code that would allow small Nano and Pico breweries and distilleries in commercial business zones like downtown, right now they're restricted to industrial areas.
“We keep talking about the money we don't have and what we need to do look at other cities look how they operate if they're doing it and it's working it will work in our city,” said Commissioner Marion Williams.
“You're going to see Nano and Pico breweries on Broad Street and I think it's going to be a huge addition to downtown Augusta
Last year The Riverwatch Brewery opened at the Farmers Market because it had to locate in an industrial zone.
“Had this law been in place a year ago would you have gone downtown?
“Yes I would have sure it's a much better location you get foot traffic I only get car traffic,” said Sloan.
But Brey Sloan says they support the changes and says it will bring new businesses downtown but not overnight.
“You have to have a license and all that stuff I had to go through it's not like somebody is going to be setting up shop tomorrow probably be a year or so before the first one can come in but I know there are people who are very, very interested in it,” said Sloan.
First Commissioners will have to change the ordinance and approve two readings, this goes before the full board on Tuesday, Commissioner Frantom says they know of one distillery waiting on the city to act so it locates on Broad Street.
According to a new market report published by Lucintel, the future of the thermoplastic unidirectional tape market looks attractive with opportunities in the aerospace & defense, transportation, sporting goods, industrial, and other industries. The thermoplastic unidirectional tape market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.9% from 2018 to 2023. The major growth driver for this market is increasing use of thermoplastic composites because it offers recyclability and processing benefits, such as ability to remold, shorter cycle time, and no emission of volatile matter.
In this market, aerospace & defense, transportation, sporting goods, and industrial are the major end use industries. Lucintel forecasts that the transportation will remain the largest end use industry by volume, and it will also witness the highest growth during the forecast period. Increasing demand for lightweight materials to achieve higher fuel efficiency and reusable and recyclable materials for environmental benefits are driving growth for this segment over the forecast period.
By reinforcement type, glass fiber based UD tape is expected to remain the largest segment, and carbon fiber is likely to witness the highest growth in the forecast period supported by increasing usage of lightweight materials in aircraft components.
By resin type, PEEK resin based UD tape is expected to remain the largest segment by value and to witness the highest growth over the forecast period due to its growing use in the aerospace and defense industry.
North America is expected to remain the largest market by value and volume and to witness the highest growth over the forecast period because of rising penetration of thermoplastic unidirectional tape in major end use industries.
Emerging trends, which have a direct impact on the dynamics of the industry, include the continuous innovation and development of new products and applications. Cytec Solvay Group, QIYI Technology, Polystrand (Polyone), TenCate, Toho Tenax, and Celanese are the major companies in the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market.
Lucintel, a leading global strategic consulting and market research firm, has analyzed the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry, reinforcement type, resin type, and region, and has compiled a comprehensive research report entitled “Growth Opportunities in the Global Thermoplastic Unidirectional Tape Market 2018-2023: Trends, Forecast and Opportunity Analysis.” The Lucintel report serves as a spring board for growth strategy as it provides a comprehensive data and analysis on trends, key drivers, and directions. The study includes a forecast of the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry, reinforcement type, resin type, and region as follows:
By End Use Industry [Volume (M lbs) and Value ($ Million) from 2012 to 2023]:
• Aerospace & Defense
• Transportation
• Industrial
• Sporting Goods
• Others
By Reinforcement Type [Volume (M lbs) and Value ($ Million) from 2012 to 2023]:
• Glass Fiber
• Carbon Fiber
• Other
By Resin Type [Volume (M lbs) and Value ($ Million) from 2012 to 2023]:
• Polyether- Ether-Ketone (PEEK)
• Polyamide (PA)
• Polypropylene (PP)
• Polyphenylene Sulfide (PPS)
• Others
By Region [Volume (M lbs) and Value ($ Million) from 2012 to 2023]:
• North America
• Europe
• Asia Pacific & The Rest of the World
This 130-page research report will enable you to make confident business decisions in this globally competitive marketplace. For a detailed table of contents, contact Lucintel at +1-972-636-5056 or helpdesk@lucintel.com. Lucintel offerings include Advanced Materials Reports, Composite Materials Market Report, Opportunity Screening and Analysis, Capital Investment Feasibility and SWOT Analysis.
This report answers following 10 key questions:
Q. 1. How big are the opportunities for the global thermoplastic unidirectional tape market by end use industry (aerospace & defense, transportation, sporting goods, industrial, and others), by reinforcement type (glass fiber, carbon fiber, and others), by resin type (PEEK, PA, PP, PPS, and others), and region (North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific and the Rest of the World)?
Q. 2. Which segments will grow at a faster pace and why?
Q. 3. Which region will grow at a faster pace and why?
Q.4. What are the key factors affecting market dynamics? What are the drivers and challenges of the market?
Q.5. What are the business risks and threats to the market?
Q.6 What are emerging trends in this market and the reasons behind them?
Q.7 What are some changing demands of customers in the market?
Q.8. What are the new developments in the market and which companies are leading these developments?
Q.9. Who are the major players in this market? What strategic initiatives are being taken by key companies for business growth?
Q.10 What are some of the competitive products and processes in this area and how big of a threat do they pose for loss of market share via material or product substitution?
Q. 11. What M&A activity has occurred in the last five years and what has its impact been on the industry?
SYDNEY Australia have done themselves proud with their spirited fight in India but must continue to improve to become the number one side across all formats, the country's cricket board said on Wednesday.
Last year, Australia suffered a 3-0 whitewash in Sri Lanka before Steve Smith's men were beaten at home in the first two tests by South Africa.
An overhauled side gained a consolation win against the Proteas in a day-nighter at Adelaide Oval to lose the series 2-1 and then hammered visiting Pakistan 3-0.
As they headed off for the four-match series in India many, including former test off-spinner Harbhajan Singh, predicted a repeat of the 4-0 whitewash they suffered in 2013.
Smith's side, however, won the series opener in Pune before losing from a strong position in Bangalore and eking out a draw in Ranchi to set up a winner-takes-all decider in Dharamsala.
A second innings slump then helped India to a eight-wicket win for a 2-1 series triumph on Tuesday but Australia's efforts earned them widespread praise.
"As the team arrives home over the next two days, they will find that all of Australia is immensely proud of their efforts," Cricket Australia chairperson David Peever said in a statement.
"Some gave them little chance of testing the world's number one team, but instead showed resilience, adaptability and a determination to overcome the difficulties they have experienced in recent years in such conditions."
With the series loss, Australia will finish the season ranked number three behind India and South Africa in tests.
"We aspire to be number one in all formats, so while the team's efforts in India, and across the summer following the disappointment of the first two tests against South Africa, represent a significant improvement, we all know that we must continue to learn and develop our skills," Peever said.
"We want to win major trophies, like the Ashes and the Border-Gavaskar, not just at home but overseas as well."
SUPER SMITH
Australia's 333-run victory in the series opener in Pune was their first in India since 2004 and also halted the hosts' unbeaten run of 19 tests.
Smith scored a century in that match to set up the win and also finished as the highest run-getter in the series with 499 runs, including two more hundreds.
"There were many fine individual performances, but none better than those of the captain," Peever said.
"Steve showed yet again what an outstanding leader they are becoming, and their honesty and gracious comments at the end demonstrated the qualities that Australians expect from their test captain."
The hard-fought series also ended with plenty of acrimony on the field with India captain Virat Kohli declaring that their friendship with Australia's cricketers was over.
Kohli had criticised counterpart Smith, who acknowledged they had a 'brain fade' in the second test in Bengaluru when they gestured to the dressing room seeking guidance on whether to review an umpiring decision.
It needed a meeting between the two cricket boards to calm things down before the third test in Ranchi.
"It was a tough series, as we expected and indeed welcome from our Indian hosts," Peever said.
"Cricket at this level is highly competitive, and it is incumbent on all involved, players and administrators, to honour the protocols and standards of behaviour that underpin the spirit of cricket."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
(Adds detail, context)
By Tom Arnold and Hadeel Al Sayegh
DUBAI, April 6 Dubai's Drake & Scull International (DSI) plans to begin talks with banks in May about its existing debt and seek financial backing for new projects, Chief Executive Wael Allan told Reuters on Thursday.
The builder has sent non-disclosure agreements to its lenders and will continue to do so until mid-April, Allan said in a phone interview.
DSI aims to discuss the rescheduling of payments on existing debt in light of slower market conditions, and to seek support for its 2017-2021 business plan, they said.
The company will also seek support for bonding facilities, which are financial tools such as bid bonds or performance bonds related to construction projects, and cash facilities to back new projects, they said.
DSI appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers in December as a strategic and financial advisor to assist with "examining the company's capital structure and financial liabilities".
Allan's comments come after sources told Reuters DSI had distributed non-disclosure agreements to its major lenders this week to discuss its strategy and recapitalisation plans.
The company has faced a depressed Gulf construction market as governments rein in spending on infrastructure due to lower oil revenue.
It has reported worsening earnings in nine of its last 11 quarters.
DSI reported a 2016 net loss of 786.9 million dirhams and in February proposed reducing its share capital by up to 50 percent.
It also proposed a rights issue of 500 million dirhams in equity to a strategic shareholder.
The company has a $120 million Islamic bond which matures in 2019. The sukuk was issued in 2014 and underwritten by Al Hilal Bank, Emirates NBD, Mashreq and Noor Bank.
DSI announced in November it was reviewing its business to address market challenges which could lead to a withdrawal from some markets, retrenching on civil works in Saudi Arabia and a more conservative stance on recovering certain receivables.
(Editing by Jason Neely)
A historian has been charged with stealing the dog tags of U.S. servicemen whose planes crashed in World War II from the National Archives and selling them on eBay.
The U.S. attorney's office in Maryland says in a news release that 32-year-old Antonin DeHays of College Park, Maryland, was charged theft of government records in federal court Tuesday.
According to an affidavit, DeHays repeatedly visited the National Archives at College Park. Prosecutors say they stole dog tags and other documents.
Authorities say the dog tags of a downed Tuskegee airman were stolen and DeHays "donated" them to a museum in Virginia.
Prosecutors say a search of DeHays' home led to the recovery of documents missing from the National Archives.
No phone number could be found for DeHays.
This article was written by Kasey Jones from The Associated Press and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. Please direct all licensing questions to legal@newscred.com.
A leading armed forces charity is calling on Sussex residents to help form strong support groups in their communities.
The Sussex branch of SSAFA – formerly known as the Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen and Families Association –say its latest research has found that almost half (41 per cent) of British veterans, aged 25-45, have felt lonely, isolated, or suicidal since leaving the armed forces.
In a bid to meet this need and ensure no veteran's call goes unanswered, the SSAFA Sussex Branch is urgently appealing to local residents to join its network of dedicated volunteers and provide support.
Christine Cribb, head of volunteering at SSAFA, said: “Our research has highlighted just how many veterans are feeling lonely and isolated during that pivotal transition to civilian life. After all they have given us, we feel it is our duty to make sure that every veteran receives the help and support they need during this time.
“You can help SSAFA reach more veterans in Sussex by joining our network of dedicated volunteers. They have sacrificed a great deal for us, so now it's our turn to support them. Please get in touch with one of our team to find out more.”
The transition back to civilian life after leaving the military can be difficult for some veterans. Their employment, living arrangements, financial stability, and personal lifestyles all change at once as they leave behind their usual support networks and try to acclimatise to their new life.
SSAFA volunteer caseworkers provide support to veterans and their families who are in need. This could include access to financial assistance, advice and support on personal affairs, and access to special equipment for those with disabilities.
In addition to volunteer case workers, the SSAFA Sussex Branch is also looking to recruit a new branch secretary and branch treasurer to help continue its vital work with veterans and their families in Sussex.
Branch secretaries are responsible for the day to day running of the branch and provide support to all the other volunteers in the area.
Branch treasurers are responsible for the management of all the branch funds and accounts. Experience of accountancy, financial and audit processes are desirable, but a forces background is not essential.
If you are interested in joining the SSAFA Sussex Branch team as a caseworker, Branch Secretary, or Branch Treasurer, please visit www.ssafa.org.uk/newrecruits or call 0800 032 5612.
Social etiquette once stated no phones at the dinner table, now we're documenting every meal. Bedtime was once for sleeping, now we're wide awake with the glare of our smart-phone screens. Brits are in a serious, long term relationship with technology.
UK adults spend an average of 21.6 hours online each week (not including work) according to the annual Ofcom Media Attitudes Report 2016. Nearly nine in ten (87 per cent) of all UK adults said they use the internet (on any device) either at home or elsewhere, 7 in 10 own and use a smartphone and a staggering 99 per cent of adults has taken at least once selfie (unofficial report). Evidently we're a screen addicted nation.
Our dependency on the internet, social media and technology is so great that a number of studies have seen a direct link to usage and an increase in anxiety and depression. Intense social media and internet use is distorting every day reality and ironically disconnecting us from the real world.
Digital Detox
We spoke with award winning digital entrepreneur and founder and owner of digital detox specialists It's Time To Log Off, Tanya Goodin, to find out how we can reconnect with the real world.
“Our use of technology has gotten completely unbalanced and we are now spending more time online than offline,” Tanya explains. “The evidence is mounting up through studies and research that this is bad for our focus, concentration, sleep and overall mental health.”
Internet and social media addiction disorder is a relatively new phenomenon but isn't one completely unheard of. In fact this new addiction is such a global problem that the Japanese ministry of education introduced internet ‘fasting camps' for over half a million screen addicted children. It's not just children glued to their phones though.
“Adults now spend more than eight hours a day on screens, and check their smartphones more than 150 times a day. But you don't really don't need statistics to show you how bad it is, just walk down any street, look round any restaurant, everyone is on their phones - all the time!”
Hit the switch
Pressing the power off button might not be the easiest thing to do but the instant benefits of logging off will be immense. A digital detox will increase productivity, improve real life human relationships, help posture and most importantly boost mental health. Technology is so entwined in our lives how can we log off without feeling left out?
“Set boundaries around time and boundaries around place to help you log off occasionally. Technology is a wonderful thing but our always-on 24:7 digital lifestyle is what's causing the problem,” advises Tanya.
“Boundaries around time could be ‘no work email after 8pm at night' and boundaries around place could be ‘no phones in the bedroom' or ‘no phones at the meal table'.”
To find out about It's Time To Log Off visit www.itstimetologoff.com.
How to detox from digital
If you can't get through a day without religiously checking your phone then it may be time to have a digital detox. Here are more tips on helping with your digital detox:
Start with 24 hours
It won't be easy, in fact it might be the longest 86400 seconds of your life but by going cold turkey you will familiarize yourself with being technology free. Start with 24 hours, then do evenings, then the full weekend.
Get a landline
According to Ofcom 14 per cent of UK households live in a mobile only phone with no landline. If you have self-diagnosed hypo-vibro-chondria (phantom phone vibration), a household telephone is much better for families, doesn't run out of batter and is useful in emergencies. Plus you'll stop being so glued to your handset.
Pick up a paper
Reading off a screen will inevitably damage your eyesight so read the day's new in depth whilst supporting your local paper by actually buying one.
Remember your camera?
Brits allegedly take 1 million selfies a day. In fact more people have allegedly died from taking dangerous selfies than from shark attacks. Drop the phone and pick up your actual camera. It is definitely a more enjoyable way to capture the moment.
Unlike everything
Have a social media cull. More than seven in ten (73 per cent) of internet users have a social media profile, according to Ofcom's report, and to Mark Zuckerberg's delight they are more likely to be on Facebook than any other social media site.
Keep bedtime for bed
The bedroom is for sleeping, so sleep! Forget scrolling aimlessly through Twitter and switch your phone off. Avoid temptation by using an actual alarm clock for your 7am wake-up call.
OSLO/MELBOURNE/TOKYO Norway and Australia are racing each other to show they can supply Japan with hydrogen, hoping to fulfill its ambition to become the first nation significantly fueled by the super-clean energy source.
While Australia has planned to derive liquid hydrogen from brown coal for some time, Norway could steal a march if a pilot project producing the fuel using renewable energy - a climate-friendly method more in keeping with Japan's aims - is cheaper.
Japan is betting heavily on becoming a "hydrogen society" despite the high costs and technical difficulties which have generally slowed its adoption as a carbon-free fuel.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is pushing their vision of vehicles, houses and power stations using hydrogen to end Japan's energy crisis since the 2011 Fukushima disaster, which led to a dramatic drop in electricity production from its nuclear plants.
The country's annual hydrogen and fuel cell market is forecast to hit 1 trillion yen ($9 billion) in 2030 and 8 trillion yen in 2050, according to the industry ministry.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (KHI) is developing a supply chain to back Abe's initiative, which will be showcased when Tokyo hosts the 2020 Olympic games.
KHI has been looking at using brown coal from the Australian state of Victoria, where supplies are plentiful. However, it is hedging its bets with a project in Norway to derive hydrogen using power from hydroelectric dams and eventually wind farms.
Using Australian coal requires removing its climate-changing carbon and burying it in old oil or gas wells there.
In Norway, KHI has teamed up with Nel Hydrogen, a maker of hydrogen plants, with backers including Japan's Mitsubishi Corp and Norway's Statoil. The project aims to demonstrate that liquefied hydrogen (LH2) can be produced using renewables and delivered to Japan on tankers.
Nel Hydrogen's market development vice-president Bjorn Simonsen told Reuters the company aims to deliver liquefied hydrogen to Japan for a minimum 24 yen per normal cubic meter (Nm3). A study on the scheme is due to be completed in 2019.
KHI estimates that hydrogen from Australia costs about 29.8 yen/nm3 and the company plans to establish a global LH2 supply chain like that for liquefied natural gas, KHI's spokesperson Keisuke Murakami told Reuters by email.
"If Norway commercial (production) goes rapidly it might be earlier than Australian commercial," they said.
(GRAPHIC - Hydrogen fuel production tmsnrt.rs/2oOIfVL)
STUDY AWAITED
Both projects still have a long way to go before they could start commercial production.
Under the Australian plan, coal would be converted to gas for processing to remove sulphur, mercury and carbon dioxide, leaving hydrogen. The Norwegian system would use renewable power for high-temperature electrolysis to split water into hydrogen and oxygen, which would be released into the atmosphere. In both cases, the hydrogen would be liquefied for shipment to Japan.
In Australia, a small demonstration ship is being built and KHI plans to build bigger tankers in the 2020s. The firm is also seeking support from the Victorian and federal (Commonwealth) governments, Murakami said.
A hydrogen plant would "contribute to job creation and the acquisition of foreign currencies," they said, adding that a pilot project in Australia is scheduled to start before 2020.
Victoria is looking at the project due to the decline of brown coal mining and power stations burning the polluting fuel.
"The Victorian and Commonwealth Governments have been working with KHI on an engineering study into the possible production of hydrogen from Victorian brown coal," the state's resources minister, Wade Noonan, told Reuters. The government is waiting for KHI's results, they said.
The Japanese government is backing KHI's Australian initiative and budgeting 4.7 billion yen for it and related efforts this financial year, up 70 percent from the previous year. It is spending 22 billion yen backing other hydrogen initiatives.
Earlier this month Abe called on ministers to step up efforts to "lead the world in making the hydrogen society come true". They called for 40,000 fuel cell vehicles to be on the streets by the 2020 Olympics.
So far, the technology has largely been applied to cars, with hydrogen used by a fuel cell to make electricity which in turn powers the vehicle. Toyota Motor Corp launched its hydrogen-fuelled Mirai model in 2014.
However, only a few thousand Mirai - which means "future" in Japanese - are on the roads, a figure dwarfed by numbers of technically simpler battery-powered cars worldwide.
Fewer than 100 filling stations sell the fuel in Japan as safety concerns have held back development following hydrogen explosions that rocked the Fukushima nuclear plant.
While Japan has high hopes of developing commercial scale power stations using hydrogen, environmental concerns over the use of brown coal and other fossil fuels may cloud its future.
"Over 95 percent of it today comes from fossil fuels. To speak about clean hydrogen we have to clean the dirty fuel that produces it," said Cédric Philibert, a senior renewable energy analyst at the International Energy Agency.
($1 = 111.4500 yen)
(Additional reporting by Osamu Tsukimori in Tokyo; editing by David Stamp)
* Maruzen Petchem likely shipped products in question to 121 firms
* Maruzen President says no impact to product quality, safety
* Revelation latest in scandals to rock Japan's manufacturing (Recasts with formal announcement)
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's Cosmo Energy Holdings said on Friday its subsidiary, Maruzen Petrochemical Co, failed to properly inspect 30 percent of its products for petrochemicals and tyres, the latest quality assurance scandal involving a Japanese company.
Maruzen Petrochemical said it was involved in “inappropriate conduct regarding quality inspection” on 21 products such as propylene and benzene produced at its two factories.
It said it failed to conduct some of the tests and analysis on products that are outlined in contracts with customers.
Maruzen Petrochemical President Masaru Nabeshima told reporters the misconduct had no impact on quality or safety and that it has continued to supply products to customers.
The revelation is the latest in a slew of scandals to rock Japan's manufacturing industry. Similar lapses have occurred at Kobe Steel and Toray Industries Inc, and incorrect final inspection procedures have been found at automakers Nissan and Subaru.
As of now, it does not appear that any laws have been broken, the company said. The products in question are likely to have been shipped to 121 corporate customers, it said.
President Nabeshima said the company would set up an internal investigative committee to make thorough checks on the issue and come up with measures to prevent their recurrence by around April.
Cosmo Energy Holdings has a 52.7 percent voting right in Maruzen Petrochemical. Other major shareholders include Ube Industries, Denka Co and JNC Corp.
A Cosmo Energy spokesperson said some of the products in question had been manufactured by Maruzen's naphtha cracker at its Chiba plant, adding that it had rectified the misconduct by late January. The revelation would not lead to a halt in manufacturing units operated by Maruzen or Cosmo, they said.
Shares in Cosmo Energy fell as much as 10 percent before closing down 2.5 percent, against a 0.9 percent decline in the Nikkei average. (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Richard Pullin and Tom Hogue)
SHANGHAI May 2 China stocks fell on the first trading day in May, with investors kept at bay by worries over tighter regulation and weaker-than-expected economic indicators.
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.4 percent, to 3,426.58 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index dropped 0.3 percent to 3,143.71 points.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector slowed faster than expected in April, an official survey showed on Sunday, as producer price inflation cooled and policymakers' efforts to reduce financial risks in the economy weighed on demand.
A private manufacturing survey on Tuesday echoed the official take, finding China's factory sector had lost momentum last month, with growth slowing to its weakest pace in seven months as domestic and export demand faltered.
Such downbeat surveys could curb sentiment, as economic growth has been a major concern for investors, said Xiao Shijun, an analyst at Guodu Securities.
The official Xinhua news agency on Monday cited Xu Zhong, head of the People's Bank of China's (PBOC) research bureau, as saying the country needed to deleverage at a "proper pace" to reduce financial sector debt and avoid systemic financial risk.
Tightening financial regulations could continue to hurt risk appetite in the medium to long term, Gao Ting, head of China strategy at UBS Securities, wrote in a research note.
Most sectors lost ground, dragged down by real estate , and bank stocks, after China's biggest listed banks posted results that showed shrinking interest margins.
However, stocks expected to benefit from the development of the newly-launched Xiongan New Economic Zone outperformed; more than a dozen of these shares surged by the maximum allowed, on signs tough regulation against speculation in the Xiongan investment theme may have eased somewhat. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch)
Earlier, it was reported that popular actor Dulquer Salmaan would be a part of a Tamil movie soon, which will be directed by debutant film-maker Ra. Karthik. The film, which will be Dulquer Salmaan's third Tamil movie, is touted be a travel movie with a romantic angle, as well.
Now, here are a few more updates on this upcoming venture. According to the latest reports that have come in, this yet-to-be-titled venture will feature Dulquer Salmaan in different get-ups.
Reportedly, the team has also finalised the technical crew of the movie. Popular cinematographer George C Williams, who worked for movies like Theri and Naanum Rowdy Thaan will hande the cinematography department of this movie, as well.
This Dulquer Salmaan starrer will have its music by Dheena Dayalan. Editing of the film will be handled by Sreekar Prasad.
Reportedly, the makers of this Dulquer Salmaan starrer hasn't finalised the leading ladies of the movie, yet. Four actores will be seen playing important roles in this venture
Dulquer Salmaan is expected to join the movie once they finish all their existing projects. The movie is expected to go on floors this year itself.
April 5 Evotec AG
* Says achieves first milestone in diabetes alliance with sanofi
* Says triggers a payment of eur 3.0 m to evotec Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
5/30/18 – 9:31 A.M.
The Findlay Police Department is asking for your help in finding a missing woman. Investigators say 84-year-old Patricia Musser was last seen at their home around 10 a.m.Wednesday. They were discovered missing around noon, along with their car.
Musser suffers from mild dementia. Police describe them as 5'4″ and around 112 pounds. They have red hair and green eyes. They may be driving a red 2013 Buick Verano with Ohio license plate CR40SP.
If you have any information on where Musser may be, you are urged to call the Findlay Police Department at 419-424-7150.
March 29 EXFO Inc
* EXFO reports second-quarter results for fiscal 2017
* Q2 earnings per share $0.02
* Q2 sales $60 million versus I/B/E/S view $60.6 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.06 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees Q3 2017 sales $58 million to $63 million
* EXFO Inc - Bookings attained US$55.9 million in Q2 of fiscal 2017 compared to US$59.7 million in same period last year
* Sees Q3 IFRS net results to range between a loss of US$0.02 per share and earnings of US$0.02 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Pinterest Icon Sports Wire Rory McIlroy holding their knee in pain during the 2014 Memorial Tournament. (Photo by Jason Mowry/Icon SMI/Corbis via Getty Images)
The analyst's chair on golf broadcasts was made for Paul Azinger, who is smart, a keen observer and disinclined to pull their punches, as was evident with their recent comments on Tiger Woods.
Azinger, who is occupying that chair for Fox Sports on its U.S. Open coverage, shined on Wednesday's preview of the Open. A sampling:
-- On Rory McIlroy's injuries: “Pudgy Rory never got hurt, but fit Rory's getting hurt a lot. I question fitness. If you think fitness makes you better it probably makes you better. But I guess there's a point of diminishing return, if you're not careful.”
RELATED: Watch Rory McIlroy's crazy intense hotel room workout
-- On the hills in Erin Hills and some of the difficult walks from some greens to the next tees: “Just walking up to the tee boxes, if you're first to go, especially if you're on the clock, it's going to be hard to collect yourself and get your breath. There's some pretty high walks, pretty tough walks up to the tee boxes, pretty long walks back to the tee boxes. I had shin splints, honestly. I haven't been prone to shin splints since I was in my 20s. And I got shin splints walking all around this place. not terrible, but it's possible.”
-- On the USGA's mandate to avoid the controversies that marred the U.S. Open the past few years: “The USGA and [CEO and Executive Director] Mike Davis have a lot of pressure on them to get it right, because there are some tee boxes that if the wind switches based on what the previous forecast was, they can get caught and have players not reaching fairways.”
-- On Jordan Spieth's use of “we” rather than “I” when talking about their performance: “It's humility on steroids. We didn't hit in the water twice on 12. They hit it in the water twice at 12. We don't lose sleep over it. They lose sleep over it. It's being the humble Texan that they are. It's part of what makes them humble. There's not a lot of truth in the ‘we' aspect of it, in some respects. But the caddie/player relationship is critical to a player's success. I'd like to see us have a tournament where a player has to carry their bag. Then we'll find out who the best player really is.”
RELATED: Watch Jordan Spieth ask their caddie, 'What would Arnie do?'
-- On McIlroy's advantage off the tee and how the game has fundamentally changed: “He not They not only hits it a mile, they hit it straight. The fact he's going to use driver this week is really indicative of how different this golf course is to what we traditionally see for U.S. Opens. And I like it. It's fascinating to me. And I think it takes a lot of guts to be willing to put a ball up in the air eight or nine seconds to try to make a mockery of a hole. You've got to be brave to do that. It's a real shift, a generational shift, really, from how we used to think when we thought we played the game close to the ground and tried to control our trajectory, having the ball leave at seven to 10 degrees. It's different now. It's a bomber's paradise, but it's not without risk when they do it.”
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — A United Nations expert on extreme poverty and human rights is meeting with hurricane victims in Puerto Rico, marking the first time such an envoy has visited the U.S. territory in recent history.
Special rapporteur Philip Alston's trip Monday comes as Puerto Ricans and some government officials voice complaints that the U.S. has not provided sufficient help after Hurricane Maria hit the island on Sept. 20.
The Category 4 storm killed dozens of people and destroyed tens of thousands of homes. Ten of the island's 78 municipalities are still without power, and thousands of businesses remain closed.
Alston told The Associated Press that there is a disproportionate number of Puerto Ricans living in poverty and that he's trying to assess the effectiveness of measures taken by the federal government.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
May 2 Solar Senior Capital Ltd
* Solar Senior Capital Ltd. Announces quarter ended March 31, 2017 financial results; declares monthly distribution of $0.1175 per share for may, 2017
* At March 31, 2017, net asset value (nav) per share was $16.81, up a penny from prior quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Media Contact
Karen Hilton
Publicist
2135339993
karenhilton.prdesk@ gmail.com Karen HiltonPublicist2135339993
End
-- Mack Drama Records and 1017 Mafia Gang Nation are busy releasing new music for your enjoyment! From Seerious Penny, Purple Reign, Bvhks, Adam G Soul, and the affiliate author LJ Thomas; who has a new book available onis the label owner releasing these hot new tracks, They have 10+ years in the industry and continues to make stars.Seerious Penny is a Florida Rapper who has made a name for themselves and is sweeping the nation with their topics of life and consciousness. Download your copy of Business as Usual Amazowho is taking the industry by storm with their relevant material. Check out No Pressure official video YouTubeand their rap game is on point. Check out First Three EP ITunesis a heart throb and crooner whose vocals are fantastic. New single features. It's gonna be alright is now streaming on SpotifyWatch out for these new stars as they light up the charts and deliver musical bliss to your ears.. We all know someone affected by this plague on society. This book provides real-life accounts, safety and prevention tips, and resources for help. Download your copy AmazonKindleFor further information contactat mackdramarecords@ gmail.com
Lagos – Lawmakers in the Lagos State House of Assembly, on Monday, cautioned the police to desist from indiscriminate arrests.
The legislators spoke against the backdrop of the arrest and detention of an Islamic Cleric and 400 residents of Mushin Constituencies 1 and II in February.
They also urged the police to be civil and professional while performing their mandate.
The lawmakers, who demanded an unreserved apology from the Nigeria Police on the development, however, commiserated with the police over the alleged killing of a police officer by hoodlums in the area.
Mr Olawale Olayiwola, representing Mushin Constituency II informed the House of the incident under matter of urgent public importance and was seconded by Mrs Adefunmilayo Tejuosho, representing Mushin Constituency I.
According to him, the police carried out a raid in the two constituencies on Feb. 28 after the alleged killing of a police officer in Akala Area of Mushin.
Olayiwola informed the House that an Imam was arrested on their way from the Mosque, while over 400 residents were arrested by the police following the killing of the officer.
They explained that the residents were subsequently taken to a mobile court and they were about to be taken to Badagry Prison before they intervened.
The lawmaker said Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode in conjunction with the state's Attorney General, got the cleric and the residents released on bail.
“It is worrisome that something like this happened. The police should be called to order in their dealings with members of the public.
“The Commissioner of Police, Edgar Imohinmi, should tender an unreserved apology to my constituents over the matter,” they said.
Also reacting, Tejuosho expressed concerns that the police could treat a cleric and several constituents in such a manner.
They said the people should have been interrogated, while the innocent ones should have been released and the suspects prosecuted.
“I sympathise with the police over the death of their colleague but it is also painful the way the police arrest the cleric and residents.
“Police should tender an apology through a national newspaper,” they said.
Similarly, Mr Sanai Agunbiade, the Majority Leader explained that there was procedure for arrest and detention of suspects which the police should follow.
Agunbaide frowned at indiscriminate arrest of the residents, adding that “there are procedures for criminal apprehension and investigations''.
“We are not going against police performing their jobs but procedures must be followed.
“There is presumption of innocence in law for anybody apprehended but now an accused is presumed guilty after arrest.
“Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) is an outfit to curb criminality; it should not be for torturing innocents.”
Also, the Deputy Majority Leader, Mr Olumuyiwa Jimoh, who described indiscriminate arrest by police as a common, urged the commissioner of police to monitor the activities of their men.
Other lawmakers took turns to condemn the indiscriminate arrests and torture of innocent people in the state, urging the police to be civil and professional.
Speaker of the House, Mr Mudashiru Obasa commiserated with the police on the death of one officer and commended Olayiwola and Tejuosho for their efforts on the matter.
“We must appeal to the police that there is a need for the police to be civil in their manner. They cannot continue to arrest and detain people anyhow.
“They should cultivate friendship with the people; Police cannot continue to arrest people indiscriminately and still expect them to take you as friends.
“We commend the gallant men of the police and those, who lost their lives in the cause of protecting the people, but some of their actions are not good enough.
“It is not right to arrest people, display Indian hemps before them and detain them without proper investigation.”
The speaker directed the Clerk of the House, Azeez Sanni, to write a letter to the police to sympathise with them on the death of their officer.
Obasa said that such letter should equally demand an apology from the police and urged the commissioner of police to address cases of indiscriminate arrest, torture, punishment and extortions by the police. (NAN)
New company leader brings three decades' experience in the metal bending, forming and fabricating industry
Paul Schulz, leading Max Weiss Company into its eighth decade of great service
Contact
Max Weiss Company
414-355-8220
***@maxweiss.com Max Weiss Company414-355-8220
End
-- Paul Schulz has been named President of Max Weiss Company, the region's leader in custom metal bending, forming and fabricating.Schulz, who has three decades' experience in the metal rolling/shaping industry, joined Max Weiss Company in 2006 as Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. They added Chief Operating Officer to their responsibilities in March, before being named President."I'm honored and thrilled to lead an organization of such tremendously talented and dedicated people, who work every day to uphold the seven-decade legacy of customer service and product quality that Max Weiss Company represents,"Schulz said."My vision is to continue to create positive customer outcomes through our knowledgeable account managers, improve our speed to market by investing in the latest rolled/formed technology, and expand services offered beyond our traditional markets."Schulz is a graduate of the University of South Dakota, where they earned B.S. degrees in accounting and finance. They entered the metal forming and fabricating industry as Vice-President of Finance with Taber Bushnell Inc., Minneapolis, and served as Controller at Mechanical Industries LLC, Milwaukee, before joining Max Weiss Company ( http://www.maxweiss.com/ materials.html ).Max Weiss Company ( http://www.maxweiss.com/ industries-served.html ) broadened its metal bending capacities this year with addition of the DAVI Angle Roll MCP, a massive rolling machine that can bend large and extra-large dimension parts with extremely strict tolerances. The new equipment has bent structural steel for the curved roof of the new Milwaukee Bucks arena, among other projects for a multitude of customers.Founded in 1946, Max Weiss Company is a market leader in large metal forming, large rolled structural steel products, and hot-formed and fabricated metal shapes. Its skilled, highly-experienced team has long set the curve in excellence by forming metals to the tightest radii in the industry, with minimal distortion and maximum consistency. Its value-added services save customers time and money, and keeping projects on schedule. More information is available by calling (414) 355-8220, or visiting www.maxweiss.com.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 12 Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said Wednesday that broad measures of U.S. unemployment show there is still slack in the labor market, although it is on the wane.
Speaking in Fort Worth, Texas, Kaplan said also said they expect inflation to continue to rise toward the Fed's 2-percent goal, and for labor market slack to continue to decline. Kaplan is a voter on the Fed's policy-setting panel this year. (Reporting by Ann Saphir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Japan's government has passed controversial legislation through parliament that will punish people who plot or prepare to commit terrorism and other crimes.
Prime minister Shinzo Abe dismissed concerns that the law on organised crime will give the police too much power and lead to more state snooping.
The law passed the Diet (parliament) in the early hours of Thursday morning after a raucous session that concluded with the government circumventing an Upper House committee vote.
The unusual tactic was condemned by opposition leader Renho of the Democratic Party, who called it the “ultimate form of (parliamentary) railroading.”
Opposition politicians accused the government of trying to avoid scrutiny of the bill and its policies, amid allegations of influence peddling swirling around the prime minister.
A no-confidence motion against the Abe Cabinet was voted down on Thursday morning.
Civil liberties
Mr Abe says the law will bring Japan into line with a 17-year-old UN treaty on global organised crime and help thwart terrorist plots ahead of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
“It's only three years until the Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics and so I'd like to ratify the treaty on organised crime as soon as possible so we can firmly co-operate with international society to prevent terrorism,” the prime minister said.
Critics say the legislation is part of a wider attempt by the Abe government to ramp up state powers and rein in civil liberties. Many of the 277 crimes cited in the legislation appear unrelated to terrorism or organised crime: among the offenses subject to punishment is mushroom picking in conservation forests, sit-in protests and poaching seafood.
The Japan Federation of Bar Associations questioned the need for the law. A United Nations expert last month called the legislation “defective” and “overly broad”, and warned that it might “lead to undue restrictions to the rights to privacy and to freedom of expression.”
Muffle debate
Attempts to pass similar bills have all previously failed. But justice minister Katsutoshi Kaneda, who was accused by the opposition of trying to muffle debate on the law, said it had been tightened and the list of crimes whittled down to address concerns about its scope.
“The law is expressly limited to organised criminal groups, the applicable crimes are listed and clearly defined and it applies only once actual preparatory actions have taken place,” they said.
Japan's militarist past, when the police and authorities had enormous powers to probe political groups and ideas considered harmful to public order, have made conspiracy legislation especially contentious.
Mr Abe's Liberal Democrats (LDP) and like-minded parties control two-thirds of both houses, however, meaning the bill easily passed, by 165 votes for with 70 against.
The Abe government has faced repeated criticism of its illiberal tendencies. Last week, the UN's special rapporteur for freedom of expression, David Kaye, said the independence of Japan's media is under threat.
The government responded by condemning Mr Kaye's report, saying it was based on “hearsay,” not fact.
Facebook logo is seen on a wall at a start-up companies gathering at Paris' Station F in Paris, France, January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Shareholders have proposed that Facebook Inc (FB.O) prepare a report on the threat to democracy and free speech from so-called fake news spread on the social media forum, and the dangers it may pose to the company itself, according to a proxy filing made on Friday.
The proposal, which said Facebook had provided "a financial mechanism supporting fabricated content" on the internet, suggests the company review the issue broadly, including the extent to which it blocks fake posts, how its strategies impact free speech and how it evaluates claims in posts.
"Facebook is highly vulnerable, as fake news promoters are spamming their way to visibility for fake news through strategically gaming Facebook's algorithms and publishing platform," the proposal states.
"In light of the societal crisis generated by the explosion of fake news and related hate speech, failure to effectively manage this issue creates public policy risk," it said.
The issue of fake news came to prominence during the U.S. presidential election last year, when many inaccurate posts were widely shared on Facebook and other social media services. Facebook has said it is tackling the problem.
It already has a programme in France to use outside fact-checkers to combat fake news in users' feeds and suspended 30,000 accounts in France on Thursday, ahead of the country's presidential election.
Separately, shareholders also proposed a gender pay equality report be prepared by December.
The proposal recommends the company disclose the percentage pay gap between male and female employees across race and ethnicity, policies taken to address the gap, the methodology used to take those measures, and targets that could be set to reduce the gap.
Facebook's board of directors have recommended a vote against both proposals.
(Reporting by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru; Editing by Bill Rigby)
BEIJING, April 28 China's insurance regulator on Friday vowed to improve its conduct and bring the market back to order after its chairperson was placed under investigation and removed from their post for "serious disciplinary violations", a euphemism for corruption.
The China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CIRC) said in a posting on its website it had to reflect deeply on the bitter lessons of the actions of its former chairperson, Xiang Junbo, who was placed under investigation on April 17.
Xiang's actions had seriously weakened the "authoritativeness and credibility" of the government's oversight, the commission said in an unusually strongly worded statement.
"From start to finish, we will persevere in being clean, in not being ensnared by financial titans and those we oversee; we will not be dragged down by rule breakers, will not collude with the outside," it said.
In recent months, the CIRC has vowed to crack down on "barbaric" insurance companies to prevent the sector becoming a "club of the rich" or a "hideout for financial titans".
President Xi Jinping called on Tuesday for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks to help maintain financial security.
Leaders have pledged to address financial risks and asset bubbles which analysts say pose a threat to the world's second-largest economy if not handled properly.
The insurance regulator has begun to tighten control over short- and mid-term life insurance products, in a bid to curb risks from aggressive insurers investing heavily in stocks and long-term assets using short-term funds.
The CIRC also said it would restore market order by further supervising companies, containing "extreme" investment and bringing "inappropriate" product innovation under control.
Insurance companies should acknowledge their problems and take responsibility for restoring market order, it said, adding that companies that "go through the motions", conceal information, leak information or fail to sufficiently reform will be held accountable. (Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Robert Birsel)
(Adds details, table, comment, byline) By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss April 28 Net long positions on the U.S. dollar were near flat from a week earlier, according to calculations by Reuters and Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday. The value of the dollar's net long position totaled $15.29 billion in the week ended April 25, down slightly from $15.34 billion the previous week. The dollar failed to gain traction over the last few days, as U.S. President Donald Trump's tax reform plan underwhelmed investors and raised doubts about how it could get done. Over the last two weeks, the dollar index has dropped 1.5 percent and has underperformed for most of the year to date. The greenback is expected to be in focus next week ahead of a slew of events and economic data, including the Federal Reserve Open Monetary Policy meeting and Friday's U.S. nonfarm payrolls report. As investors head into a busy week, analysts say the dollar remains vulnerable. "Despite Friday's rally, U.S. data has been terrible," said Kathy Lien, managing director of FX strategy at BK Asset Management in New York. "There's currently a major misalignment between the performance of the U.S. economy and the market's expectations for Fed tightening." Net shorts on the Canadian dollar this week ballooned to 42,642 contracts, the largest since early February 2016 as the United States works to renegotiate the terms of its NAFTA deal with Canada and Mexico. Meanwhile, long positioning on the Mexican peso swelled to 16,038 contracts, the largest since mid-September 2014. Net short euro contracts, on the other hand, fell to 20,895 this week. Last week, euro net shorts rose to their highest since mid-March. Euro short positioning has eased after independent centrist Emmanuel Macron came out ahead of Marine Le Pen, head of the anti-European Union and anti-immigrant National Front, in the first round of the French election last weekend. "Without the post-election breakout last Sunday, the euro would not have been this week's best performing currency and politics should continue to provide the single currency with support going into the final round of the French election," said BK's Lien. Japanese Yen (Contracts of 12,500,000 yen) $3.024 billion April 25, 2017 Prior week week Long 48,538 45,761 Short 75,407 76,224 Net -26,869 -30,463 EURO (Contracts of 125,000 euros) $2.853 billion April 25, 2017 Prior week week Long 157,831 185,786 Short 178,726 207,435 Net -20,895 -21,649 POUND STERLING (Contracts of 62,500 pounds sterling) $7.317 billion April 25, 2017 Prior week week Long 54,050 48,348 Short 145,232 147,838 Net -91,182 -99,490 SWISS FRANC (Contracts of 125,000 Swiss francs) $2.179 billion April 25, 2017 Prior week week Long 7,654 10,830 Short 24,971 24,632 Net -17,317 -13,802 CANADIAN DOLLAR (Contracts of 100,000 Canadian dollars) $3.143 billion April 25, 2017 Prior week week Long 52,545 37,306 Short 95,187 70,558 Net -42,642 -33,252 AUSTRALIAN DOLLAR (Contracts of 100,000 Aussie dollars) $-3.218 billion April 25, 2017 Prior week week Long 64,684 70,392 Short 21,982 27,130 Net 42,702 43,262 MEXICAN PESO (Contracts of 500,000 pesos) $-0.425 billion April 25, 2017 Prior week week Long 91,689 97,027 Short 75,651 82,783 Net 16,038 14,244 NEW ZEALAND DOLLAR (Contracts of 100,000 New Zealand dollars) $1.07 billion April 25, 2017 Prior week week Long 18,693 18,320 Short 34,097 33,326 Net -15,404 -15,006 (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; editing by Diane Craft and Jonathan Oatis)
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
April 9 Highlights from week seven of Super Rugby:
FORCE 46 KINGS 41
The Western Force edged the Port Elizabeth-based Kings for their second win of the season as the two teams most likely to be cut from Super Rugby for next year played out a 12-try thriller at Perth Oval.
Fullback Malcolm Jaer grabbed a hat-trick as the visitors, marshalled superbly by flyhalf Lionel Cronje, gave a masterclass in counter-attacking rugby in a thrill-a-minute second half.
The Force always had the edge up front, however, and a penalty try from a five-metre scrum as well as a score from Wallabies loose forward Ben McCalman off a rolling maul allowed the hosts to get back in front in the final quarter.
Winger Alex Newsome grabbed a brace for the Force and flyhalf Jonno Lance started and finished a flowing first-half move for the pick of the home side's tries.
READ MORE:
Pulu's scintillating double not enough as Chiefs stumble
Brumbies put Reds to the sword with second-half try blitz
Tokyo delight as Sunwolves beat first South African side
SANZAAR to announce Super Rugby future on Sunday
Hurricanes use powerful first half to beat Waratahs
Stiles puts underperforming Reds on notice
World Cup winner Sonny Bill set for return after Achilles injury
Cutting team won't solve Australian woes - ex-ARU boss
Australia growing inferiority complex against NZ - Kafer
Super Rugby uncertainty affecting Force players - Haylett-Petty
STORMERS 34 CHIEFS 26
The Stormers' bravery in defence and enterprise in attack inflicted a first defeat of the season on the Waikato Chiefs despite two remarkable tries from visiting winger Toni Pulu.
The South African side remain unbeaten after six games and have one foot in the quarter-finals with a 17-point lead at the top of their conference.
For Pulu's first try, the New Zealanders swept the length of the field in a move started by fullback Damian McKenzie and also involving winger James Lowe, who later added a score of their own.
The home side crossed the line through number eight Sikhumbuzo Notshe, flanker Siya Kolisi, flyhalf Robert du Preez and fullback SP Marais, who profited from brilliant skill by winger Dillyn Leyds who whipped a 10-yard pass behind their back into the hands of Marais.
SHARKS 18 JAGUARES 13
Scrumhalf Cobus Reinach and centre Andre Esterhuizen scored tries as South Africa's Sharks edged the Jaguares from Argentina in an error-strewn game at Kings Park in Durban on Saturday.
The visitors trailed by just two points going into the final three minutes after a gutsy display, but Sharks fullback Curwin Bosch added a second penalty to go with an earlier conversion to extend their side's lead.
The Sharks fluffed a number of chances to score further tries in slippery conditions, with Bosch themselves a culprit as they spilled the ball while trying to dot down, and Reinach was denied a second by the TMO who ruled they had knocked on.
The victory extended to seven the number of home wins in a row for the Sharks, and ended a three-match winning run for the Argentine side.
BRUMBIES 43 REDS 10
The ACT Brumbies scored five unanswered tries in the second half to thrash the Queensland Reds in a bonus point Super Rugby victory on Saturday which cemented their place at the top of the Australian conference.
The match was tied 10-10 at halftime after Reds winger Chris Kuridrani and their cousin, the Brumbies centre Tevita Kuradrani, crossed before the break.
Hooker Robbie Abel went over off a rolling maul within two minutes of the restart and fullback Aidan Toua showed their pace to finish off a chance created by a searing break from prop Allan Alaalatoa two minutes later.
Loose forward Jarrad Butler secured the bonus point with a try off the back of a dominant Brumbies scrum in the 52nd minute and James Dargaville and flanker Chris Alcock put the gloss on the victory in the last 10 minutes.
HIGHLANDERS 26 BLUES 20
Sonny Bill Williams made their return to rugby after seven months out through injury but could not help the Blues upset the Highlanders in Dunedin.
The All Blacks centre, who last played a game of fifteens in the 2015 World Cup final, came on as a 55th minute replacement with the Blues trailing 23-20.
One Williams midfield burst almost set up a try, and a muffed pass blew another opportunity, but the Blues were unable to turn their possession into points.
Tries from prop Charlie Faumuina and lock Gerard Cowley-Tuioti helped the Blues to a 20-13 halftime lead but five-pointers from fullback Ben Smith and centre Malakai Fekitoa as well as 16 points from Marty Banks's boot gave the Highlanders a fourth win of the season.
SUNWOLVES 21 BULLS 20
A 69th minute try from Takaaki Nakazuru and a Yu Tamura penalty five minutes later gave the Sunwolves their first win of the year - and only their second since making their Super Rugby debut last season - with a thrilling comeback victory over the three-times champion Bulls.
Sunwolves number eight Rahboni Warren-Vosayaco gave the home side the perfect start when they finished off a flowing move in the sixth minute but centre Burger Odendaal shrugged off two tacklers and ran 40 metres to reply for the Bulls.
The Sunwolves were 11-10 up at the break but a penalty and a converted try from Bulls winger Travis Ismaiel, who broke three tackles to touch down in the corner, gave the visitors a 20-11 lead in the 63rd minute.
HURRICANES 38 WARATAHS 28
The Hurricanes were able to use a scintillating first half to beat the Waratahs, despite having All Blacks flyhalf Beauden Barrett sent off for two yellow cards.
Ngani Laumape (two), Barrett, their younger brother Jordie, winger Wes Goosen and lock Mark Abbott all scored tries for the home side while fullback Jordie added four conversions.
Loose forward Ned Hanigan, fullback Bryce Hegarty, scrumhalf Jake Gordon and replacement Andrew Kellaway all crossed for the visitors, with flyhalf Bernard Foley converting all four. (Compiled by Greg Stutchbury and Nick Said; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty and Ed Osmond)
A 51-year old New Zealand man has been found dead in their Bangkok apartment, police say.
A note left at the two-storey townhouse in Bangkok's Sai Mai district said the man faced a "medical problem".
Captain Methasit Pattanakittipong, deputy inspector of Sai Mai Police Station said there were no sign of foul play.
The man's wife, who was not present at the time of the incident, had called on neighbours to check on their husband. They found the body on Monday.
New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs Consular Officials said they were investigating the tragedy to provide details to family members in New Zealand.
The report of the New Zealand man's death comes after a 32-year-old Australian man plunged to their death from a fourth floor escalator at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi Airport in late March.
The man, who also held dual Irish passport, was rushed to hospital but was pronounced dead 90 minutes after the incident.
WASHINGTON A senior U.S. general said on Wednesday it will be difficult to maintain "extraordinarily high standards" to avoid civilian casualties in Mosul, even as the U.S. military begins a formal investigation into an explosion in the Iraqi city that is believed to have killed scores of civilians.
The U.S. military has acknowledged the U.S.-led coalition probably had a role in the March 17 explosion but said Islamic State also could be to blame.
Local officials and eyewitnesses say as many as 240 people may have been killed in the Al-Jadida district when a huge blast caused a building to collapse, burying families inside.
When asked in a congressional hearing about the standards used by the U.S. military to avoid civilian casualties, General Joseph Votel said it would be difficult to apply those standards in the narrow, crowded streets of the Old City in west Mosul.
"I do agree that as we move into these urban environments, it is going to become more and more difficult to apply extraordinarily high standards for the things that we're doing, although we will try," Votel said at a House Armed Services Committee hearing.
Votel, the head of U.S. Central Command, said there had been no change in the rules of engagement, but commanders closer to the fighting had been given more authority in order to reduce potential delays.
U.S. officials have said that an increase in civilian casualties was to be expected as the war against the insurgents entered its deadliest phase.
Iraqi special forces and police battled Islamic State militants in close-quarters fighting to edge closer to the al-Nuri mosque in western Mosul on Wednesday, tightening their control around the landmark site in the battle to recapture Iraq's second city.
The comments about standards by Votel are likely to cause concern. Human rights groups already are slamming the U.S. military for an increase in the allegations of civilian casualties in recent weeks.
Amnesty International has said the high civilian toll in Mosul suggested U.S.-led coalition forces had failed to take adequate precautions to prevent civilian deaths.
Votel said Islamic State militants were aware of U.S. sensitivities to civilian casualties and were exploiting them by using human shields in Mosul.
What exactly happened on March 17 is still unclear.
Iraqi military command has said one line of investigation is whether Islamic State rigged explosives that ultimately caused the blast that destroyed buildings.
A U.S. probe into the incident has moved from an assessment to a more formal investigation, Votel said.
"It will be a more formalised approach to really look into the details of this as much as we can to establish what happened, establish what the facts are, identify accountability and then certainly identify the lessons learned out of that," they told the hearing.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Alistair Bell and Bill Trott)
The Lobero Theatre Foundation board and staff were saddened Tuesday with the removal of an 89-year-old olive tree in order to complete the larger scope of the Encore: Lobero preservation work.
Acting as flight attendants of the historic Lobero Theatre, the decision-making process included input from the city's Building Department, Arborist, Historic Landmarks Commission and the Pearl Chase Society.
Encore: Lobero is a $7 million capital campaign undertaken by the Lobero Theatre Foundation Board of Directors for preservation and maintenance work including new seats, improved air flow, expanded restrooms and ADA compliance upgrades to make the theater viable for live performances for many years to come.
The Lobero Theatre Foundation board loves this theater as much as our fans, and has spent time and resources researching alternative solutions over the last two years. The Lobero olive tree was infected with a fungus, verticillium wilt, which has been deteriorating the tree from the inside out.
Given its delicate condition and impressive size, boxing and removing the large tree would have been impossible without sustaining further damage. Similarly, it was determined that the new site work required to meet accessibility requirements would irreversibly damage the roots. We are exploring the possibility of planting mature olive trees that are more resistant to the fungus in their place.
Encore: Lobero continues a 140-year tradition of the care and support of the Lobero Theatre from people in the community, including hundreds of donors and an all-volunteer Board of Directors. Preservation work began on June 3 and will continue until the reopening in December. Click here for more information.
— Angie Bertucci is a marketing and communications coordinator for the Lobero Theatre Foundation.
ABIDJAN, April 20 Ivory Coast has slashed its 2017 budget spending by 10 percent due to a sharp drop in world prices for cocoa, its primary export, President Alassane Ouattara said in comments reported by national media on Thursday.
The cuts exclude the salaries of civil servants, who went on strike this year over back pay and pension reforms. However, the West African nation's ambitious investment budget will be reduced by 10 percent, or about 200 billion CFA francs ($320 million). (Reporting by Loucoumane Coulibaly; Writing by Joe Bavier; Editing by Louise Ireland)
Joseph Dean Geiger at the scene of the Alexandra Headland siege telling media they didn't know Zlatko Sikorsky was a wanted man when they let them in their unit.
Joseph Dean Geiger at the scene of the Alexandra Headland siege telling media they didn't know Zlatko Sikorsky was a wanted man when they let them in their unit. Nine News
They MOVED to the Sunshine Coast for a fresh start but now, former River Heads man Joseph Dean Geiger is caught up in a high profile murder case.
The 38-year-old is charged with accessory to murder for their alleged role in helping the accused murderer of 16-year-old Larissa Beliby evade police.
It is alleged Mr Geiger let Zlatko Sikorsky into their Alex Heads apartment which then turned into the scene of a 27-hour siege.
Mr Geiger is expected to be granted bail on Friday if the Maryborough address they listed as their bail address is approved.
That means they could be moving back to the Fraser Coast very soon.
During the stand-off, Mr Geiger told multiple news organisations they didn't know Mr Sikorsky when they "unwittingly" let them into their home.
But a court has heard phone records showed Mr Geiger communicated with Mr Sikorsky prior to the incident.
Police also allege they brought the accused murderer supplies to the unit during the lengthy ordeal. A bail application was made for Mr Geiger in Maroochydore Magistrates Court on Tuesday.
Prosecutions argued Mr Geiger shouldn't be granted bail as they were at risk of offending and had told police they were dealing drugs.
But Magistrate Matthew McLaughlin indicated they would be granting the accused bail, saying Mr Geiger wasn't an unacceptable risk of committing further offences and their alleged role wasn't significant. They said Mr Geiger was a "petty criminal", but there was no suggestion they were a "standover man or thug".
Mr Geiger had only been living at the Juan St unit for seven weeks prior to the event which ended in their arrest.
After letting Mr Sikorsky inside the home, an argument between Mr Geiger and their partner caught attention the apartment manager, who then called police.
Police prosecutor Sam Rigby told the Maroochydore court that Mr Geiger had their two children in the unit with the violent fugitive.
Even if granted bail, Geiger is likely to have to serve 28 days behind bars as the current charge breached their parole for a dangerous driving offence.
Mr McLaughlin adjourned the bail hearing until Friday so police could check if the Maryborough bail address listed by Mr Geiger was suitable.
If given the green light, it was likely Mr Geiger would be granted bail - though with strict conditions.
The court heard Mr Geiger told police a man named Ted dropped Mr Sikorsky to their Alex Heads home, but officers have been unable to track the man down as Mr Geiger was unable to provide a phone number or last name.
According to the prosecutor, Mr Geiger told police drugs and guns were a "normal" part of their life, but denied knowing Mr Sikorsky had brought guns into their home until they saw them on June 29. Outside of court, a man believed to be a family member of Mr Geiger described them as a "good bloke".
Mr Sikorsky is facing 20 charges including murder, torture, deprivation of liberty and misconduct with a corpse as well as drug and weapons charges. Palmwoods woman Tracy Ann Thomson, 40, has also been charged with accessory to murder for their alleged role in bringing Mr Sikorsky to the unit. Mr Geiger's case is expected to be transferred to Beenleigh.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CALGARY, Alberta, Feb. 02, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Suncor will release its fourth quarter financial results on Wednesday, Feb. 7, 2018 before 8:00 p.m. MT (10:00 p.m. ET).
A webcast to review the fourth quarter will be held on Thursday, Feb. 8, 2018 at 7:30 a.m. MT (9:30 a.m. ET). Representing management will be Steve Williams, president and chief executive officer and Alister Cowan, executive vice president and chief financial officer. A question and answer period will follow brief remarks from management. Steve Douglas, vice president, Investor Relations will host the call.
Please note, telephone lines are limited and reserved for those who intend to ask a question.
To participate in the webcast, go to suncor.com/webcasts.
An archive will be available on suncor.com/webcasts.
If you are an analyst or media and would like to participate in the Q&A period:
If calling from North America: 1-866-219-5885
If calling from outside North America: +1-209-905-5918
Suncor Energy is Canada's leading integrated energy company. Suncor's operations include oil sands development and upgrading, offshore oil and gas production, petroleum refining, and product marketing under the Petro-Canada brand. A member of Dow Jones Sustainability indexes, FTSE4Good and CDP, Suncor is working to responsibly develop petroleum resources while also growing a renewable energy portfolio. Suncor is listed on the UN Global Compact 100 stock index. Suncor's common shares (symbol: SU) are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges.
For more information about Suncor, visit our web site at suncor.com, follow us on Twitter @Suncor or together.suncor.com
Media inquiries:
403-296-4000
media@suncor.com
Investor inquiries:
800-558-9071
invest@suncor.com
Read source: http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/02/02/1332529/0/en/Suncor-Energy-to-release-fourth-quarter-2017-financial-results.html?f=22&fvtc=5&fvtv=32646628
(Repeats with no changes. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters)
* tmsnrt.rs/2oUsBrt
By Andy Home
LONDON, April 4 Just when we all thought the London Metal Exchange (LME) had closed the chapter on its logistics woes, out tumbles another skeleton from the exchange's warehousing closet.
This time it is the turn of Access World, the metal logistics arm of Glencore that was previously known as Pacorini Metals, to feel the regulatory heat.
Its U.S. subsidiary has just been hit with a $1.4-million fine plus costs for, the LME alleges, falsifying documents related to its storage of zinc in the U.S. port of New Orleans.
Access World has settled with the LME without "admitting any of the alleged breaches or matters" that led to the exchange investigating the company, the LME said.
Access and its owner Glencore, it should be noted, are still fighting off a lawsuit by zinc users which includes similar allegations of malpractice in its New Orleans LME logistics operations.
This is the latest warehousing scalp claimed by the exchange.
The list now includes Metro International, which was punished with a $10 million fine for abetting "merry-go-round" storage deals for aluminium, CWT, which was fined 100,000 pounds ($149,000) for failing to notify the LME of potential conflicts of interest between its warehousing and trading arms, and Worldwide Warehouse Solutions (WWS), which was fined 30,000 pounds for misreporting lead stocks.
The charge levelled against Access is specific, namely an alleged breach of Clause 7.5.5(i) of the LME's warehousing agreement, requiring "proper and accurate recording of transactions in books and records".
Left to one side is the bigger question of whether misreporting stocks levels in the LME system has market impact.
Do exchange inventories, published each day by the LME, actually matter much in price determination?
Because if they do, the LME should republish the corrected zinc stocks figures for that period.
MERRY-GO-ROUND
The LME alleges that on occasions between September 2010 and October 2014 Access World (USA) LLC "employees falsified documents, including bills of lading, to give the exchange the impression that zinc had physically moved from the New Orleans delivery point when it had either not moved or it had moved but on a date other than shown in the inventory records".
Access World said it had encountered logistical issues in New Orleans during that period, according to the LME statement.
Rather than contact the exchange to discuss the issues, senior management allowed customers to leave metal in warehouses while employees allegedly created the falsified records showing the metal had moved, the LME added.
These allegations date back to a period when there were huge amounts of zinc sitting in LME warehouse sheds in New Orleans. In December 2012, for example, the U.S. port held over 800,000 tonnes of zinc, representing around two-thirds of the total amount in the LME's global system.
Access World was the dominant logistics operator in the city at the time.
The LME only started publishing stocks by operator information in April 2014 but in that month Access held 668,150 tonnes of LME-registered metal (not just zinc) in New Orleans. The only other operator with registered stocks in the city that month was Metro, which held 86,625 tonnes.
The New Orleans zinc stocks were highly mobile over the 2010-2014 period with flurries of huge cancellations, such as the 250,000 tonnes that were moved off-warrant in the space of three days in September 2012.
There were both significant daily outflows and sporadic large-tonnage inflows of zinc.
It was fairly obvious to the outside world that this was metal circulating between on- and off-warrant storage in the city as stocks financiers searched for the cheapest rental for their metal.
In essence, New Orleans was a zinc mirror of the much larger circulation of aluminium at Detroit orchestrated by Metro and dubbed the "merry-go-round" by U.S. Senator Carl Levin in a committee hearing into Wall Street's involvement in the commodities business. Metro was owned by Goldman Sachs at the time.
It seems that Access World was at times struggling to catch up with its own "Big Easy" zinc merry-go-round.
Graphic on LME zinc stocks and price: 2010-2017:
tmsnrt.rs/2oUsBrt
RESHAPING THE NARRATIVE?
Will the LME now republish the correct historical figures for New Orleans zinc outflows over the four-year period?
Does it matter?
After all, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) found in December 2012 that "LME inventories specifically do not appear to have any independent statistical effect on copper prices".
That finding came amid the SEC's consideration of a physical copper fund promoted by JPMorgan. It approved creation of the fund, although it was subsequently never launched.
It's still a questionable conclusion.
The SEC confined itself to considerations of outright price rather than spreads, which, particularly on the LME, can be far more sensitive to shifts in stocks availability.
Moreover, sudden, unexpected stocks developments can generate fleeting price movements. This appeared to be the case with WWS's erroneous lead stocks reporting in March 2016.
True, the prolonged nature of the allegedly false reporting of zinc stocks by Access mitigates against such a direct, specific price reaction.
But LME stock movements do affect a market's narrative over time.
Falling zinc stocks over the period 2012-2014 fed into a story of mine closures and pending shortfall. The LME three-month price rallied above the $2,400 level in September 2014 to hit what were then three-year highs.
It did so again in May 2015 when LME stocks had fallen further, although zinc's bull narrative was unwound later that year when 230,000 tonnes of zinc flooded into the LME system over the space of August and September. At New Orleans. Where else?
Did Access' misreporting of daily load-outs play a part in that price roller-coaster?
It's impossible to say, not least because we have no idea of the size of the misreporting. If it were a few hundred tonnes here and there, the impact would have been marginal. A few thousand tonnes and things might look a little different.
Right now, the official stocks record stands. And that's problematic because, whatever the SEC might think, there are still plenty of market participants who factor in stock-price relationships to their assessments of market fundamentals.
Maybe they're wrong to do so. But even if they are wrong, the least the LME could do is provide them with accurate historical data.
(Editing by David Evans)
LONDON, April 10 British wholesale day-ahead gas prices were flat on Monday morning on an oversupplied system, as Norwegian gas flows fell and temperatures dropped from the weekend levels. * British day-ahead gas price were flat at 39.40 pence per therm at 1025 GMT. * The within-day contract fell by 0.80 pence to 39.25 p/therm. * 'Day ahead prices are stable because the system is oversupplied' despite colder weather and lower Norway flows, said Katrina Oldham, a trader from British Inenco Ltd. * Britain's Met Offices forecast temperatures could reach as high as 13 degrees Celsius in the southeast of the country on Monday and are expected to remain mostly stable over the rest of the week. * Peak wind power output forecast at 6.3 gigawatts (GW) for Monday, climbing to 7.0 GW on Tuesday compared with total capacity of around 10 GW, National Grid data showed. * Gas demand, at 235 million cubic meters (mcm) was lower than the seasonal norm of 241 mcm, National Grid data showed. * System oversupplied with demand forecast at 235.0 million cubic meters (mcm) and flows at 253.5 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * Total gas imports from Norway fell by 10 mcm to 321 mcm, mostly due to reduced flows from the Langeled pipeline, which fell by 13 mcm to 34 mcm from Friday. * British nuclear reactor Torness 1 went offline on Friday on a planned outage, reactor Hinkley Point B8 came back on Monday morning. * May gas contract up by 0.15 pence at 39.20 p/therm. * Day-ahead gas price at the Dutch TTF hub up by 0.25 euro at 15.85 euros per megawatt hour. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract down by 0.03 euro to 4.86 euros per tonne. * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here
May 3 Hugo Boss Ag
* Hugo Boss CEO says expects online to see significant improvement in Q2 versus Q1
* Hugo Boss CEO says has also seen significant improvement in own stores in Q2 so far
* Hugo Boss CEO says expects improvements in U.S. business in H2, but only return to growth in 2018 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Frankfurt Newsroom)
March 28 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 24 points on Tuesday, according to financial bookmakers. * TESCO: Two of Tesco Plc's biggest shareholders have called on the supermarket group to withdraw its 3.7 billion-pound ($4.7 billion) agreed offer for wholesaler Booker Group Plc, potentially casting doubt on the deal's progress. * LLOYDS OF LONDON: Lloyds of London, the world's largest speciality insurance market, will this week pick Brussels or Luxembourg for its planned European Union subsidiary, after Dublin had been an early favourite, sources say. * BREXIT: Qatar pledged 5 billion pounds ($6.3 billion) of investment in Britain on Monday in a show of support for the world's fifth-largest economy just two days before Prime Minister Theresa May triggers formal Brexit talks. * BRITAIN DEBT: The number of people seeking help from a leading British debt advice service hit a record high last year, reflecting a surge in borrowing by consumers and the financial strains on younger workers, the charity said on Tuesday. * OIL: Oil prices rose on Tuesday, supported by a weak dollar, but crude continued to be weighed down by surging U.S. production and uncertainty over whether an OPEC-led supply cut is big enough to rebalance the market. * The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index closed down 0.6 percent at 7,293.50 points on Monday, after the failure of U.S. President Donald Trump to push their healthcare reforms through Congress hit mining shares and Babcock fell after exiting a contract. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Ergomed PLC Full Year 2016 Ladbrokes Coral Group Full Year 2016 A.G.Barr PLC Full Year 2016 Moss Bros Group PLC Half Year 2017 Personal Group Holdings Full Year 2016 Ebiquity PLC Full Year 2016 Card Factory PLC Full Year 2016 AA PLC Full Year 2017 Carnival PLC Q1 2017 Wolseley PLC Half Year 2017 United Utilites Full Year 2016 Gulf Marine Services Full Year 2016 TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Siju Varghese; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
March 29 Euronext:
* 1,710,669 new ordinary shares issued by Archos SA to be listed on Euronext paris as of March 31, following conversion of non listed convertible bonds
* 218,000 new ordinary shares issued by Archos SA to be listed on Euronext Paris as of March 31 in free allocation Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: Australia Rugby Union - Bledisloe Cup - Australia's Wallabies v New Zealand All Blacks - Olympic Stadium, Sydney, Australia - 20/8/16 New Zealand's Dane Coles runs through Australian defence in the first half. REUTERS/Jason Reed
WELLINGTON All Blacks hooker Dane Coles is facing a battle to be match-fit for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand after their Super Rugby coach said they were now suffering from concussion symptoms.
The Wellington Hurricanes captain has not played since they limped off with a knee injury in their side's 41-15 victory over the Otago Highlanders on March 18.
They subsequently suffered a calf injury at training that has kept them out, but Boyd then told reporters on Wednesday that they were now suffering from headaches during exercise.
"Colesy's situation is complicated by the fact that... subsequent to their knee injury, they not only developed a calf strain but also some headaches," Boyd said in discussing their side for their clash with South Africa's Stormers on Friday.
"He is now under a return to play protocol for concussion."
Boyd said the Hurricanes had no idea when Coles suffered the injury that has resulted in the concussion symptoms.
"We genuinely don't know where they got those symptoms from," they added.
"We've had a look at the Highlanders game, which was the last game they played. They had no symptoms post that, so I'm not sure. The source of that is completely unknown to us."
Coles began to suffer from the headaches as they increased their workload in recovering from the calf injury, Boyd said.
"At the end of the day, they have started to return to train and developed some headaches," Boyd said.
"It's not normal, but if you look at it in context, because of their knee injury, the first part of their rehab was no training at all so, if there were symptoms post the game that would come out under exercise, they were not apparent."
Coles' is not the only All Blacks regular causing some concern as to whether they would be fit enough to face the Lions, who start their 10-match tour on June 3.
All Blacks captain Kieran Read has undergone surgery on a broken thumb and is out of action for up to six weeks, while fellow loose forward Jerome Kaino has had knee surgery and out of action for about the same period of time.
Fullback Ben Smith is also suffering an ankle injury that kept them out of the Otago Highlanders matches in South Africa for the next two weeks, while outside backs Israel Dagg (knee) and Nehe Milner-Skudder (foot) are still recovering.
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
After months of teasers, trailers and fan theories as to what will happen to their favorite superheroes, Marvel Studios' “Avengers: Infinity War” finally lands in Philippine theaters today.
An unprecedented cinematic journey 10 years in the making and spanning the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe, Avengers: Infinity War brings to the screen the ultimate, the deadliest showdown of all time. The Avengers and their Super Hero allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before their blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
In the days to come, the movie is predicted to shatter box office records, most of which have been set by other franchises from the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
As it turns out, certainty of this kind for a Marvel movie was not the case when the journey began a decade ago.
Avengers: Infinity War marks the 10th year since MCU was introduced to the big screen via “Iron Man” in 2008. To celebrate this milestone, the studio released “10-Year Legacy” a 5-minute featurette where the cast of Avengers: Infinity War talked about their MCU family and what it has meant to them through the years.
The featurette opens with Iron Man director Jon Favreau from an interview three weeks before the first Iron Man opened.
“I really don't know how people are going react to this thing [Iron Man movie]—this could be anything from a flop to a moderate single. It's beyond what's people's expectations are, we'll never know,” they said with uncertainty.
Meanwhile, Iron Man himself, Robert Downey Jr. noted how it felt to see the audience's massive reaction to the first MCU movie: “We had a feeling that what we were doing was something a little bit special and different, but the full circle of seeing that audiences were reacting to it the way we had hoped they would was powerful.”
As for Chris Evan who plays Captain America, they learned that working for Marvel means giving everything he's got: “People at Marvel, you want to give everything you got because they gave everything they got.”
“This was a whole new journey,” was how Thor actor Chris Hemsworth describes their MCU experience. “By the first Avengers movie, I thought, ‘Oh wow, we are on to something here'.”
“I love the fact that we are being given the opportunity to do something different, put our set of ideas forward and attack our character again and hopefully advance on that and bring something unique to it next time,” they added.
Black Widow actor Scarlet Johansson, meanwhile, tackled how it felt for comic fans to embrace their portrayal: “It's wonderful to be able to play this iconic character that means so much to people, and I really have to thank the audiences for that because they embraced my portrayal of them from the beginning and allowed me to walk in their shoes and kick ass in them too.”
This sense of gratitude translates to Christ Pratt, who plays Star-Lord in “Guardians of the Galaxy” as well, saying, “I can tell you that each and everyone of us is so grateful. Our lives are monumentally changed by our involvement in this ‘world'.”
They added, “To take in such an instrumental role in what Marvel has done in the past 10 years is just so incredibly meaningful to us.”
“It's a cool experiment to be a part of,” Chadwick Boseman, lead star of the latest blockbuster hit “Black Panther” chimed in. “It's epic and classical. These characters are mythological characters in a lot of ways.”
In ending Elizabeth Olsen, who plays Wanda Maximoff, summed it up best when they shared, “I don't think this has happened before in cinematic history, of all these different franchises colliding and all these story lines they started a long time ago have all been woven together.
“As the films have progressed with ‘Civil War' and now ‘Infinity War,' we're just going to continue to surprise people,” they promised.
Directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, produced by Kevin Feige and executive produced by Louis D'Esposito, Victoria Alonso, Michael Grillo and Stan Lee, “Avengers: Infinity War” is distributed in the Philippines by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
(Repeats item first carried on Friday)
* Caterpillar, Komatsu, Sany post strong China Q1
* Industry sales to rise 21 pct vs 1 pct rise in 2016-forecast
* Fast growth in H1 on gov support, slower in H2 - execs
By Adam Jourdan
SHANGHAI, April 28 Chinese demand for trucks, cranes and diggers is gaining momentum after bottoming out last year, driven by a Beijing-backed infrastructure push, a housing boom and increased investment linked to China's modern-day "Silk Road".
Chinese and global machinery makers, including Caterpillar Inc, Japan's Komatsu Ltd and Sany Heavy Industry, posted strong profits this week for the first quarter of the year, citing growing strength in the Chinese market after years of decline.
The performance was boosted by China's faster-than-expected economic growth of 6.9 percent in the first quarter, the fastest pace in six quarters. Economists say Chinese policymakers have leaned on property investment and infrastructure spending, including their plan to build a modern "Silk Road" trading route, to help support the economy.
"The strong demand in China resulted in a reduction in Asia-Pacific dealer inventory, as demand outpaced our sales to dealers," Caterpillar Chief Financial Officer Bradley Halverson told analysts this week.
"If policy remains supportive we expect strong market conditions in China to continue at least through mid-year," they added. The U.S.-listed firm posted stronger-than-expected first quarter sales on Tuesday.
Sales of construction equipment, including dump trucks, excavators and mobile cranes, are set to shoot ahead by 21 percent this year after a slight 1 percent increase last year and 42 percent slump in 2015, forecasts by industry consultant Off-Highway Research, show.
Industry revenues peaked in 2011 at $35 billion and then fell as activity slowed down.
Investors have been looking hard for signs of a broader economic revival. A team at BlackRock Inc started picking up increased signs of building activity on the ground in China in the second half of last year by using satellite imagery.
FAST START, SLOW FINISH
Revenues at Zoomlion jumped 74.5 percent in the first quarter, its fastest quarterly growth since the start of 2011. Net profit hit 18.6 million yuan, swinging from a 660 million yuan loss a year earlier.
Sany Heavy Industry Co Ltd said on Thursday net profit for the first quarter rose 727 percent to 745.7 million yuan. Sales increased almost 80 percent.
Executives and analysts, however, cautioned that the upturn would likely lose pace in the second half of the year as measures to rein in a hot property market take greater effect and there is also no clear policy certainty longer term.
"In China there is the Communist Party Congress in the autumn, so after that there is some uncertainty about policy," said Mikio Fujitsuka, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Komatsu Ltd.
Komatsu has forecast a drop in operating profit this year, but said it had seen signs of improvement in China.
"We think the first half of the year should be fine but are more cautious about the second half of the year."
Shi Yang, a consultant at Off-Highway Research, said the year would be divided by a fast start and a slower second half, and that there were even signs of a bubble.
"Since the third quarter of last year til now, the recovery has been pretty strong - but it has its limits," they said.
"The big peaks we saw before are certainly behind us and there are some signs of overheating. In fact, already the market has started to slow."
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Additional reporting by Maki Shiraki in TOKYO, Brenda Goh in SHANGHAI and SHANGHAI newsroom; Editing by Neil Fullick)
WASHINGTON (AP) — A government watchdog on Monday urged the Education Department to resume the process of forgiving student loans for tens of thousands Americans who were defrauded by for-profit colleges.
The Office of Inspector General, an independent body within the education agency, recommended in a report that the department restart "review, approval, and discharge process" for defrauded studs.
The group also recommended that the department establish timeframes for considering the claims and "develop controls to ensure timeframes are met." The report also noted that the department has significantly shrunk the staff of its unit the processes these claims, from 19 contracted staff, on top of attorneys, in November 2016, to just six contracted staff in September 2017.
A spokesperson for the department did not immediately return a request for comment.
Advertisement
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has come under criticism for stalling the review of over 95,000 claims for loan cancellations. The agency has not approved a single claim during their time in office and DeVos' critics charge that they are looking out for the interests of the for-profit industry, rather than colleges. DeVos says they need time to put together new rules for how loans are forgiven that would be fair to students, but also prevent any potential abuse of the system.
The AP reported in October that the department is considering abandoning the Obama-era practice of full loan forgiveness in favor of partial relief.
The department has halted Obama-era revisions to the process of loan forgiveness that boosted protections for students, citing pending litigation. The agency is now in the process or rewriting those rules with input from educators and experts.
Senator Patty Murray, the top Democrat on the Senate committee overseeing education, said the report confirms that DeVos "tried to shirk their responsibility to these students and shut down the borrower defense program, leaving them with nowhere to turn."
"Secretary DeVos needs to stop listening to the for-profit executives they hired and start following the recommendations of the Department's independent watchdog by providing much needed, and legally required, relief to students who were cheated out of their education and savings," Murray said in a statement.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — The so-called “Unity Commission” formed by the Democratic National Committee is recommending historic changes in the way Democrats conduct the Iowa Caucuses.
The Iowa Democratic Party would be required to let people who cannot attend the neighborhood meetings on Caucus Night cast their presidential preference vote.
“They gave us the recommendation that we need to come up with an absentee process, but did not give us the prescriptive way in how to do it. At the Iowa Democratic Party, we have the opportunity to take the time and figure out what process will work that will fit within the framework of our Iowa Caucuses,” said Iowa Democratic Party chairperson Troy Price.
Party leaders had already been discussing the idea of creating a special precinct in each of Iowa's 99 counties, as a way of collecting “absentee” Caucus votes.
The other major change Iowa Democrats may be forced to make to their Caucuses? Reporting raw vote totals for each presidential candidate. That's how Iowa Republicans report their Caucus Night results, but Democrats have a different reporting process for each precinct. It disqualifies candidates who lack at least 15 percent support and then calculates how many delegates each candidate sends on to county meetings. Price said at this point, the party plans to continue that complicated process, even if forced to report a raw vote tally for all candidates as well.
“But we always are willing to have the conversation,” Price said during an interview with Radio Iowa. “We're always willing to try something new. We're always willing to try something different.”
The changes proposed by the Democratic Party's national “Unity Commission” will be discussed when another national panel sets the 2020 presidential campaign schedule for voting in state-level contests. Caucuses conducted in 2016 in neighboring Nebraska and Wisconsin had an absentee process.
The Met Office has issued yellow warnings for snow and ice as Sussex is expected to be hit by wintery showers tomorrow (Sunday, February 4).
Wintery showers are expected to mainly affect East Sussex, although residents are warned to take steps to prepare for icy roads and say some rail services are also likely to be affected.
Two warnings have been issued for tomorrow. The first between 2am and 10am and the second between 8pm and 10am on Monday (February 5).
The Met Office's Chief Forecaster said: “Cloud will tend to break overnight allowing temperatures to fall below freezing in places and ice to form on some untreated surfaces. In addition, wintry showers could very locally produce a light covering (1 cm or less) of snow.
“Scattered rain, sleet and snow showers are expected to be most frequent across Kent and East Sussex during Sunday evening before also affecting parts of East Anglia and Greater London later in the night. Showers are likely to fall as rain along eastern coasts but inland locally 1-3 cm of snow could accumulate, mainly over hills above 100 metres.”
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Nine young men were shot dead overnight in post election violence in Nairobi's Mathare slum and have been brought to the city morgue, a security official told Reuters on Saturday.
The official, who did not want to be named, said they understood the men had been shot by police in anti-looting operations.
The former BBC weatherman is not impressed with many elements of the new-look forecast graphics.
Former senior BBC weatherman Bill Giles has described the corporation's new-look weather forecasts as “disappointing as a downpour in high summer”.
The broadcaster ditched the state-owned Met Office in favour of MeteoGroup last year and has revamped its forecasts.
New graphics – which were previously provided by MetraWeather – include new map projections and a globe graphic that allows presenters to move around the world to display weather-related data.
But Giles, who led the BBC weather team for 17 years until they retired from the Met Office in 2000, said the new “state-of-the-art graphics” are “a severe disappointment” which fail to give “a clear idea of what might be in store tomorrow”.
Writing in the Radio Times, they said the UK map “appears a lot smaller on the screen now” and that they struggle to distinguish between “cloud and sunshine”, which they said is “almost impossible to detect”.
“For the life of me, I don't understand why they have to show the lights on during the night time,” they said.
“This is supposed to be a weather map not an aerial photograph.”
Giles said they also find it difficult to determine the predicted temperature during a forecast.
They said “the old weather maps were better, more fit for purpose” and added that viewers would be better off watching rival TV channels to “see what the weather has in store”.
A BBC spokesperson said: “BBC Weather has a more realistic map which presenters can customise by adding different layers of data to tell the most relevant weather story, as well as zooming in to areas of interest to give a more detailed forecast.
“Towns and city names on the maps are a reference point for audiences and we will aim to ensure that most locations are represented over a period of time. In addition, the temperature colours are now accessible for colour blindness, unlike the suggested blocks of colour by Mr Giles.
“Before the launch of the new services we talked to audiences at length to pinpoint the best possible improvements and we are confident that overall people will appreciate the new features.”
Temperatures will be on the rise over the next few days… Jo pic.twitter.com/ytuz336H5y — BBC Weather (@bbcweather) March 19, 2018
Liz Howell, the BBC's Head of Weather, said in February: “We know how important weather is to all of our audiences both in the UK and globally, so I am delighted to be able to bring them a refreshed look, new data and additional functionality.”
In August 2015, the Met Office confirmed it had lost the contract to provide weather services, marking the end of a more than 90-year partnership between the forecaster and the broadcaster.
MeteoGroup took over in 2017 and provides forecasting and graphics for weather services across BBC platforms worldwide, including TV, radio, web and mobile.
The corporation's new provider is the UK's largest private-sector weather business, with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.
The Radio Times is on sale now.
© Press Association 2018
A measure of factory activity in the U.S. Upper Midwest rose in March to its strongest level in over two years, marking a fifth straight month of manufacturing growth in the region, a private survey released on Friday showed.
Marquette University and the Institute for Supply Management-Milwaukee said their seasonally adjusted index on manufacturing in the Milwaukee region climbed to 61.77 in March, the highest since November 2014. It was up from 58.69 in February.
A reading above 50 indicates regional factory activity is expanding.
The survey's component on new orders, a proxy on future activity, rebounded to 65.12 from 62.76 last month, but its production gauge fell to 64.94 from 69.83.
The overall employment index jumped to 66.91 from 52.48 last month. The survey's measure on "blue collar employment" surged to 65.3 from 52.5, while its "white collar employment" gauge increased to 55.4 from 50.2.
The six-month outlook gauge fell to 68.18 from 72.50 in February, while the survey's price barometer retreated to 79.55 from 81.82.
(Reporting by Richard Leong)
Snapchat ‘sorry' for ad asking if users would ‘slap Rihanna' Snapchat has apologized for approving and promoting an ad which asked users if they “would rather slap Rihanna or punch Chris Brown.” The ad, featured on the California-based social media...
Google says it will ban all ads tied to cryptocurrencies Alphabet's Google said on Wednesday it will ban advertisements for cryptocurrencies and related content starting in June. Under the new policy, the company will ban ads for unregulated or speculative...
Corporations are wildly out of touch with feminist concerns Here are a couple things that women have been pretty vocal about asking for over the past year: stopping sexual harassment in the workplace, more female representation on company boards,...
The shocking cost of YouTube fame YouTube stardom can come at a heavy price. Nearly 97 percent of people trying to make it big as a professional YouTuber won't make enough money off advertising to surpass...
Investor wants Amazon to build headquarters in the Hudson Could the Hudson River soon be renamed the Amazon? That's the dream of real estate investor Charles J. Urstadt, who's best known as the Battery Park City Authority's first chairperson,...
WPP shares crash as Google, Facebook muscle in on ads Britain's WPP struggled to keep pace with changes in advertising in 2017, with its worst annual sales performance since the financial crisis and a gloomy outlook putting its shares on...
Lawmakers pass bill to disclose funding behind digital political ads In an effort to prevent Russian meddling and other dark forces from impacting New York elections, the state Assembly passed the “Democracy Protection Act” Wednesday that would require Facebook and...
Top Cuomo aide lands their own Times Square billboard One of Gov. Cuomo's top aides has landed a coveted spot on Broadway. Secretary to the Governor Melissa DeRosa is one of several “Superwomen” featured on a new Times Square...
Bauer launches $12.99 food magazine with zero ads Bauer Publishing may have hit on a unique formula to beat the ad crunch in the print world: Start a new magazine with zero advertising — but a sky-high cover...
The New and Renewable Energy Authority (NREA) aims to complete a number of feed-in tariff projects in the first quarter of 2017. According to the NREA's new interim chairperson, Mohamed Mousa Omran, the company will prioritise stalled projects. They said that they have approved requests made by a number of solar companies to transfer the lands of the feed-in tariff from Minya to Benban.
Omran said that priority is given to existing projects in order to attract newer projects. The authority is also focusing on operation and maintenance, implementing principles of governance, and regulation.
They said that the NREA posed a tender to establish a 20 MW solar power plant in Kom Ombo in cooperation with the Agence Française de Développement (AFD).
Moreover, they added that the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) will also present a loan of $90m to establish a solar power plant in Hurghada to produce 20 MW of electricity. This project, they noted, is expected to begin within two months.
This would be the fifth station of its kind in Egypt. All in all, Egypt generates 280 MW of electricity using solar power.
Omran pointed out that the NREA supports investors of the feed-in tariff projects through both phases, noting that nine companies have signed the power purchasing agreement in the first phase.
They described the second phase as “very good,” adding that “all variables were accounted for, including the value of the tariff, conditions, and regulations.”
In the second phase of the project, the NREA stipulated that arbitration will be carried out in Egypt, unless all parties involved prefer to have arbitration carried out in Paris, France.
Omran added that the Egyptian Electricity Transmission Company (EETC) is committed to paying its dues to the NREA, adding that the latter has received part of the arrears two weeks ago.
The total outstanding dues to the NREA from the EETC amount to EGP 500m.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump has been barred from Sheffield and labelled a "wasteman" by its Lord Mayor ahead of the US President's visit to the UK next week.
Green Party councillor Magid Magid made the announcement on Twitter, citing Mr Trump's "Muslim ban", the detention of children at the border, and withdrawing the US from the Paris Climate Agreement as reasons.
Mr Magid, who took up the ceremonial post in May, and has no power to stop an elected world leader entering the city, moved to Sheffield aged five with their family from Somalia, according to the Green Party website.
The former refugee, aged in their late 20s, tweeted on Wednesday: "I Magid Magid, Lord Mayor & first citizen of this city hereby declare that not only is Donald J Trump (@realDonaldTrump) a WASTEMAN, but they are also henceforth banned from the great city of Sheffield!
"I further declare July 13th to be Mexico Solidarity Day!"
The former president of Hull University student union urged their followers to join anti-Trump demonstrations, give money to anti-Trump organisations and lobby political leaders to oppose Trump.
Protests in London on Thursday and Friday will include "a 12 hour rave organised by world-renowned DJs", campaign group Stand Up To Trump said.
Mr Trump cancelled another proposed visit to the UK earlier this year.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
David Black chats to Nathan Hill about their film career and their compilation DVD, Ozploitation Massacre
Hi everyone, today I'm going to be chatting to Aussie producer, director and actor, Nathan Hill, about their shocking new dvd compilation “Ozploitation Massacre” which has been released by the American distributor, SRS cinema.
Wikipedia describes Ozploitation as being “a category of low-budget horror, comedy, and action films – made in Australia after the introduction of the R rating in 1971.” The term itself is attributed to Quentin Tarantino when they spoke of the genre in the 2008 documentary “Not Quite Hollywood”, although they did call it “Aussiesploitation”.
Nathan Hill's work goes back even earlier than that though.  They are credited on IMDB as producing a short film called “The Hidden” in 1993 and has been extremely active ever since. Well, today we are going to shed some light on this man. No more lurking in the shadows for Nathan!
DB – Hi Nathan. Thanks for making the time to chat to me today. It's amazing that you've actually cracked the American market from here by having a compilation dvd released of some of your Ozploitation movies. You've worked hard in the local movie industry for years, so it's no surprise to see your success. I was wondering if you could give us a bit of a backgrounder on your career so far?
NH – Hey Dave, great to talk to you again. Yeah look it's hard to simplify my career as I've pretty much had my hands in all the pies as far as film making is concerned. I won't go into my film studies but it does amount to 10 years of schooling all up on the subject. I first worked in television as a professional camera assistant and then as a production manager and then freelance video editor. I'm also a professional actor and have 3 major commercials on air at the moment, including cinema. I've just directed my ninth feature film and I've lost count how many I've acted in.
DB – Ozploitation Massacre has 3 features and 1 short, all on a 2 disc set. I know that doesn't even scratch the surface of the work you've done, but it is a good little sampler. Can we go over each film in turn? Can you tell us a bit about each one, starting with “Hyde and Seek”?
NH – ‘Hyde and Seek' was my first professional short film which was released on DVD in AU and NZ in 2004. It's my own interpretation of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde told from the perspective of Utterson, their best friend and lawyer. The full length version of the screenplay actually won Shriekfest in L.A.
This DVD I saw on eBay recently going for a staggering $100.00! Goes to show it actually has become a true collectors item. It's very hard to get as they only pressed 500 copies back then, which sold out in a week, so to have it as part of the Ozploitation Massacre compilation is just wonderful. I have to thank Ron Brown for seeing my vision and accepting me. They quoted me recently as being ‘underrated' and ‘under-seen'. With the help of SRS I'm hoping to push through some boundaries that I have not been able to do locally, sadly.
It's funny how much America seems to love me more than my own country, at the best of times, still not sure exactly why. I'd hate to think that the tall poppy syndrome has actually leaked it's way into the artistic realm, like film, we'll have to wait and see.
DB – OK, one down, three to go. Now tell us about “Séance”
NH – ‘Seance' was a more personal type film released in 2011. It is still the only movie I've shot that was never properly entered into a film festival. After the release of ‘Tomboys' people were expecting big things. The truth is I was in the middle of trying to get my occult thriller ‘Black Mass' funded at the time I was shooting ‘Seance', that in reality was more of an experimental film whilst I was waiting on funding, that unfortunately crashed for me.
I do like the movie though, the underwater shooting that we did, the slow burning tone, and the themes in it. I enjoyed making it. It was also a good bookend for my lead Daniel Rankin, who had come off ‘Tomboys' pretty emotionally drained and I didn't want that to be their final experience with me on a set, hence I gave them the role in ‘Seance' as kind of gift.
DB – And now “The Hidden”
NH – Wow! The Hidden, shot in 1993 for God's sake. Now who in the hell would of thought my first ever full length movie SOV could or would have got a release nearly 25 years later, and in America?!
To me that is incredible and must be some kind of record. It feels really good to have it on the Bluray compilation along with the other horror films that I've made, as that really was my grass roots. My horror films have become thrillers, and I've even moved into action and comedy of late.
I enjoy all genres, and I never want to be pigeon holed. Hence the reason I've made so many different types of movies and had all sorts of distributors around the world. It's quite remarkable when you realise they are all shot on micro budgets. In fact for some of them I never even intended to get a release so it's really special that all my films, have in one way or another, found a home and are accessible to the public.
DB – And last, but certainly not least … a favourite of mine that I reviewed in an earlier article – Tomboys!
NH – Tomboys, shot in 2009 and still arguably my best film to date. I know it's your favourite of mine too Dave. It's the same with my music composer Jamie Murgatroyd, they just loves it. It really was the benchmark film for the SRS deal and I strongly believe it's the reason for the Ozploitaiton Massacre Bluray in the first place.
I did offer it to Monster Pictures a while back and they said no. But I guess I have to thank them now as that instead turned my eye towards America again, who have always been kind to me, and this release is much more exciting than what the locals could have done for me anyway.
I might also add that both ‘Tomboys' and ‘The Hidden' have been released through SRS on VHS as well! As I'm an 80's baby and I used to work in video stores when VHS was thriving, I find this just the bomb! You can even get a poster that comes with the video when you purchase it, I mean these guys really know what they're doing. Ron at SRS is also a filmmaker and made the grind house movie ‘She Kills' that I simply adore.
It's been great to become partners with these guys. We are already talking about doing a separate worldwide release and special edition of ‘Tomboys' next Feb. 2018. It's just incredible, and the support I've been craving for a while.
DB – My head is still spinning that you managed to get a foot hold in the USA with Ozploitation Massacre. That really is a massive achievement. I believe that it is only the start though. Can you tell us about what you have planned next?
NH – Good question. My dealings with SRS has led me to some other very exciting opportunities. I've recently befriended Tony at Body Bag Films and we have collaborated on a short film that is getting a release next year though Troma on a compilation DVD. I'm over the moon, as Lloyd is on board and ‘The Toxic Avenger' truly was one of my fav's as a kid, so I'm stoked to be getting one of my titles on their label.
Tony and I have another one up our sleeve on top of this, but I won't let that cat out of the bag just yet. Things are firing up I'll tell you Dave. And with two of my recent films currently available on Amazon Prime, I got a call from Tony the other day telling me I was taking over the globe! Haha it's just such an enjoyable time for me as a filmmaker and I'm so glad I have a few more tricks up my sleeve for 2018 and beyond, it's really exciting.
DB – Do you have any links so that we can keep up to date with what you are doing, and even get hold of some of these little gems?
NH – http://www.nhp.net.au
https://www.facebook.com/NathanHillMovie/
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Ozploitation-Massacre-Blu-ray/186668/
DB – Thanks for taking the time to talk to me today Nathan. I'm sure we will be chatting again soon when your next big release comes out.
CHICAGO, April 6 Billionaire investor J.B. Pritzker, heir to the Hyatt Hotels Corp fortune, formally entered a growing Democratic field for Illinois governor on Thursday, labeling Republican Bruce Rauner a "failure" as the state's chief executive.
Pritzker's bid pits them against Chicago business person Chris Kennedy, son of the late U.S. Senator Robert Kennedy, and three other Democratic candidates in the party's March 20, 2018 primary.
"Governor Bruce Rauner is a failure. They promised a turnaround and all we got was a runaround," Pritzker told supporters at a Chicago Park District gymnasium on the city's crime-prone southside.
Illinois, the country's fifth-largest state, is immersed in one of the most politically turbulent eras in its 199-year history.
Rauner has feuded with Democrats, who control the state legislature, over their insistence that a state budget be tied to a list of their policy demands that would weaken unions, impose legislative term limits, freeze property taxes and impose new rules on injured workers seeking compensation from their employers.
With House Speaker Michael Madigan and fellow Democrats blocking that agenda, Illinois has been without a complete budget during Rauner's first two years in office. The fiscal futility has left Illinois - the only state ever to go 22 months without a budget - with nearly $13 billion of unpaid bills as of Wednesday.
"We've got to start by taxing the millionaires and billionaires first. We're not going to middle-class families until we get people to pay their fair share," Pritzker told reporters after their announcement.
Pritzker, the 52-year-old brother of former U.S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, is positioned as the wealthiest candidate in the race so far, with a net worth estimated by Forbes at $3.4 billion.
Rauner, a former private equity investor, does not appear on the Forbes list, but enters a re-election bid with plentiful resources of their own.
Last November, the governor released their 2015 tax returns that showed they and their wife had more than $188 million in taxable income. A month later, they steered $50 million in personal funds into their campaign account, state records show.
The state Republican Party attacked Pritzker on Thursday by linking them to the long-serving Democratic House speaker and insisting Pritzker favored a reinstatement of the state's 5 percent individual income tax.
In January 2015, the state income tax dropped to 3.75 percent after a temporary 2011 tax increase lapsed. (Reporting by Dave McKinney, editing by G Crosse)
April 3 Mason Financial Holdings Ltd
* Mason Capital Investments Ltd and vendor entered into sp agreement in relation to acquisition
* Purchaser agreed to purchase sale interest together with sale loan at a consideration of hk$109.6 million
* Vendor is Supreme Global Asset-Backed Fixed Income Fund SPC Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain Football Soccer - Tottenham Hotspur v Watford - Premier League - White Hart Lane - 8/4/17 Tottenham's Harry Kane applauds the fans as they warm up Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane has the character and personality to reach 30 goals for the season despite spending two spells out injured this campaign, according to their manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Kane, who is on 24 goals for Spurs in all competitions, returned from four weeks out with an ankle injury to play against Watford last weekend. They spent seven weeks out of the side with a similar injury earlier in the season.
"It is possible in football if you believe," Pochettino told a news conference on Thursday.
"Harry is a player with a character and personality who believes in all. He's a person that never settles the limits, they are open to improve and yes, why not?"
Second-placed Tottenham, who are on a six-game winning run, host Bournemouth in the Premier League on Saturday knowing that victory would allow them to cut the gap on Chelsea to four points before the leaders face Manchester United on Sunday.
Pochettino wants their team to focus on the task at hand when they meet Eddie Howe's 15th-placed side, who are slipping closer to the relegation battle after picking up only two points in their last three games.
"It is important for us to get the three points more than to put pressure on Chelsea," the 45-year-old Argentine said. "Our target on Saturday, our challenge, is to win the three points and then we will see what happens."
Midfielder Victor Wanyama is back in contention for Spurs after recovering from a back injury, while goalkeeper Michel Vorm and defender Cameron Carter-Vickers, who are both carrying knee injuries, have been ruled out.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
In the least surprising move of the offseason, the Los Angeles Rams are keeping Todd Gurley and Marcus Peters around through at least 2019. The team is picking up both of their fifth-year options for 2019.
As for how much each player will be paid on their fifth-year options, it varies. Gurley will earn $9.63 million in 2019, while Peters will make $9.069 million. Both will become fully guaranteed next March.
These were both no-brainers for the Rams, who have two of their best young players in the mix for 2019. Gurley was nothing short of spectacular last season, leading the NFL in yards from scrimmage (2,093) and total touchdowns (19).
The offense went through Gurley, whether it was on the ground or through the air, as he's clearly an integral part of the team. He's likely to stick around long after 2019, but this was merely a formality for the Rams in order to keep Gurley in the fold for the next two years.
Peters came over in a trade with the Chiefs, and while the Rams would like to keep them around long-term, this is merely a step in the right direction to buy them time and pay them a very manageable salary.
Soccer Football - Colombia's Atletico Nacional soccer team arrival - Recopa Sudamericana first leg final- Chapeco, Brazil - 3/4/17. The airplane carrying the Atletico Nacional team arrives at Serafim Enoss Bertaso airport in Chapeco. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
Soccer Football - Colombia's Atletico Nacional soccer team arrival - Recopa Sudamericana first leg final- Chapeco, Brazil - 3/4/17. The airplane carrying the Atletico Nacional team is welcomed with jets of water as its arrives at Serafim Enoss Bertaso airport in Chapeco. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
São Paulo Colombia's Atletico Nacional arrived in southern Brazil to fanfare on Monday for the first leg of the South American Supercup final against Chapecoense, a team that was almost wiped out in a plane crash before their scheduled meeting last November.
The Colombian side and their supporters won worldwide acclaim when they turned out in huge numbers to pay tribute to the Brazilians in the days after the crash on a hillside outside Atletico Nacional's hometown of Medellin that killed 71 of the 77 people on board, including 19 players.
The solidarity shown brought the two clubs close together and the Colombians were greeted warmly on arrival in Chapeco.
Players and staff were presented with medals by sports reporter Rafael Heinze, one of those who survived the crash.
Their team bus was followed by dozens of cars as they drove from the airport to their hotel, where Chapecoense fans gathered to cheer them.
"Chapeco outdid itself. We are far from home and yet received like heroes," Atletico Nacional said on their website. "A continental final and total brothers. There are no words to express our gratitude."
Tuesday night's match is the first meeting of the two clubs since all but three of the Chapecoense delegation perished on their way to the Copa Sudamericana final in November. Their plane hit a hillside as it approached Medellin.
The match was cancelled and Chapecoense were awarded the Sudamericana title at Nacional's request. It was the first time the club had ever lifted a continental trophy.
The Supercup final annually is between the winner of the Copa Libertadores – Atletico Nacional – and the Copa Sudamericana champion.
Chapecoense have worked hard to rebuild in the months since the disaster, signing 25 new players and starting the season well. They are top of the Santa Catarina state championship and unbeaten in their last five games.
Nacional, meanwhile, sit atop Colombia's first division, even though they sold several of the players who helped them win the Copa Libertadores and make 2016 the most successful year in their history.
Tuesday night's match is a 22,000 sellout, with local fans encouraged to wear white and learn the words and choreography to a song they will sing before the game.
The return leg is scheduled for May 10 in Medellin.
(Reporting by Andrew Downie, editing by Neil Robinson)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Chatellerault, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
French far-right Front National founder Jean-Marie Le Pen (C) arrives for a trial at the courthouse in Nanterre, near Paris, France, October 5, 2016 as they take their party to court after their daughter suspended them from the movement. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen
Steeve Briois, Mayor of Henin-Beaumont and newly appointed President of the French National Front (FN) political party, attends a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen (R) French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election shakes hands with Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan after a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen (R) French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election shakes hands with Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan before a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election and Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan attend a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election and Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan attend a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen (R) French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election shakes hands with Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan after a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election and Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan attend a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS French far-right presidential hopeful Marine Le Pen on Saturday chose defeated first-round candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan as their prime minister, a bid to attract their voters and help them to victory over centrist favourite Emmanuel Macron.
Dupont-Aignan is a nationalist whose protectionist economic policies are close to those of the National Front's Le Pen and who, like her, wants to reduce the powers of European Union institutions.
They scored 4.7 percent of votes in the first round on April 23, and announced on Friday, as widely expected, that they were backing them for the decisive May 7 second round.
The alliance could help draw in other voters from the edges of the mainstream right, but it risks alienating some of the far-left support they need if they are to upset the odds and win France's most important election in decades.
"We will form a government of national unity that brings together people chosen for their competence and their love of France," Le Pen told a Paris news conference, sitting side-by-side with their choice for premier.
The first round elimination of two other main presidential candidates, the far-left's Jean-Luc Melenchon and conservative Francois Fillon, was greeted with relief by investors and EU partners of France, a founder of the bloc, a key member of the NATO defence alliance, and the world's fifth largest economy.
Le Pen had for months seemed sure of a second round place, even though the race was closely fought, and polls ahead of round one showed Macron with a far greater chance than Fillon of beating them next Sunday.
Melenchon, for their part, offered the prospect of a second-round choice between two candidates who would tear up international trade treaties and whose presidencies could be fatal to a European Union already weakened by Britain's departure.
Macron and Le Pen between them accounted for only 45 percent of the first round vote, and the battle is now on for the remainder.
Polls show Macron winning next Sunday with about 59-60 percent, but the momentum has been with Le Pen, who has clawed back about five percentage points over the past week.
END OF TRADITIONAL LOYALTIES
The presidential contest has blown apart traditional party loyalties. Voters now have a stark choice between a resurgent far right, once a pariah in French politics, and a man whose political movement is less than a year old and who has never held elected office.
It sets Macron's enthusiasm for the EU and call for pro-business reforms to boost growth against Le Pen's desire for France to close its borders to immigrants, unwind EU institutions and restrict imports to protect jobs.
"The May 7 election is about a European choice," said outgoing President Francois Hollande, speaking at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels.
Macron served as Hollande's economy minister from 2014 to 2016 before turning their back on the Socialist government to prepare their own presidential bid.
Dupont-Aignan, who stood in the election for their party 'Stand up France' said they had signed an agreement on the future government with Le Pen that took into account some "modifications" of their programme. A copy of an alliance document put on social media by a TV journalist included no significant policy changes.
Dupont-Aignan is less hardline than Le Pen in some areas such as reintroduction of the death penalty, and in 2013 they said on Twitter that their party "cannot align ourselves with the extreme right".
However they are seen as having hardened their position on immigration since.
The 56 year-old whose power base is in the suburban and semi-rural Essonne region south of Paris has long been sought by Le Pen as a potential ally.
Their party is an offshoot of the conservative mainstream right, claiming to represent the pure 'Gaullist' tradition of post-war president Charles de Gaulle.
Macron, on a campaign trip in central France where they called politicians who do not back them "morally weak", said on Saturday the alliance between Dupont-Aignan and Le Pen clarified the choice on offer to voters.
(Additional reporting by Yves Clarisse and Ingrid Melander; Writing by Andrew Callus; Editing by Ros Russell)
France captain Guilhem Guirado blamed France's narrow defeat at home to Ireland in their Six Nations opener on their lack of discipline on Saturday.
France defended well throughout but were often penalised, with second rower Sebastien Vahaamahina being repeatedly sanctioned, and they were beaten 15-13.
Ireland outhalf Johnny Sexton scored four of the five penalties they attempted and Ireland were almost always ahead on the scoreboard.
“We held firm in the first half,” said Guirado when asked to comment on Ireland's domination. “What we lacked is discipline. We gave away a few avoidable penalties.”
The hooker said they had no complaints about referee Nigel Owens, who was often booed by the Stade de France crowd. “He was coherent. It's up to us to see what didn't work well,” they said.
Coach Jacques Brunel echoed their captain's opinion. “We were a bit too penalised and gave away points but we were always in contention against the world number three, we showed a lot of courage,” Brunel said after their first game in charge.
Sexton scored a 45-metre drop goal with the last kick of the game to give Ireland the win. “It's a big disappointment after all the effort we put into this game,” said Brunel.
Football fans have the opportunity to get up close and personal with former England star Glenn Hoddle when they take to a Northampton stage in an exclusive gig for charity.
Wellingborough-based children's cancer charity Niamh's Next Step has announced that the former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder, who went on to manage the national team, will appear at The Deco on Friday, April 27.
The TV pundit will be on hand to meet and greet guests before posing for a professional photograph. People can then sit back and enjoy hearing about a glittering playing career spent with Tottenham Hotspur, Monaco, Swindon, Chelsea, their ill-fated time as England boss and maybe even their brief pop career with teammate Chris Waddle.
Chris Curry, who set up the charity in 2013 following the death of their five-year-old daughter Niamh, said: “We are very excited Glenn has agreed to join us for a great night at The Deco theatre helping raise money and awareness to help us continue to fund vital research into childhood cancer.
“We hope everyone will support this superb night raising money and awareness for Niamh's Next Step.
“Every penny donated to Niamh's Next Step is spent trying to achieve our goal of a future without neuroblastoma, none of the people working for the charity have salaries.”
As one of England's greatest midfielders, Glenn came through the youth ranks at Tottenham Hotspur to make 490 appearances between 1975 and 1987, scoring 110 goals.
The midfield maestro helped Tottenham win the FA Cup in 1981 and 1982 and played a pivotal role in helping Spurs secure victory in the UEFA Cup in 1984, although they were injured for the final against Anderlecht.
They later returned to White Hart Lane to manage Spurs between 2001 and 2003 and also managed England, Swindon, Chelsea, Southampton and Wolves.
Chris Curry added: “There were so many magic moments in Glenn's career, and you can join us for this very rare and special appearance from the man himself.”
Former Premier League referee and supporter of Niamh's Next Step, Jeff Winter, will host the event, which will feature a licensed bar, charity raffle and auction. Barbecue food will be available to purchase before people sit back and listen to an in-depth interview with Glenn followed by an interactive question and answer session.
A small number of VIP packages, which include a private bar and a photographed meet and greet with Glenn, are available.
Neuroblastoma is an aggressive cancer that mainly affects children. Around 100 children are diagnosed with neuroblastoma each year in the UK of which only around 30 per cent will survive.
There is currently no government or NHS funding into the research of neuroblastoma in the UK.
Niamh's Next Step exists to raise money and awareness of neuroblastoma whilst offering help, support and advice to children and families affected by it.
Those wanting to book the VIP package can contact Chris Curry on 07483 129273 or email chris.curry@nns.org.uk. For general tickets click here
​
Hannah Bennett won't hear a word said against Luton and becomes particularly cross when people call it a ‘crap' town.
“If it wasn't for my home town, I wouldn't be where I am today,” they state. “There's so much art, culture and wonderful music here.”
The talented young mezzo soprano is studying at the Royal Academy of Music and hopes their future will be performing in operas, recitals and concerts.
They recently appeared as a soloist with Luton Choral Society and is full of praise for the support she's received every step of the way.
They say: “I've been surrounded by so many inspiring people, I've been really fortunate.
“Growing up I went to Wigmore Church with my Mum and brother. My love of music started there and I was encouraged to keep learning – I was taught the recorder and how to read music.”
They began viola lessons when they were seven and took up the saxophone too – subsequently becoming a member of Luton Youth Orchestra, Concert Band and Jazz Orchestra.
Hannah then met Luton Youth Cantores director Kerry Watson and asked if they could join the choir.
“I knew fairly soon afterwards I wanted to make singing my career,” they say.
The former Ashcroft High student will graduate in July and has won a scholarship for a further vocal studies course.
May 3 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** Mortgage lender Home Capital Group Inc delayed the release of financial results on Tuesday as the company recruits new board members in a bid to restore its credibility, stem the bleeding of deposits and find a potential buyer or investor. tgam.ca/2pEQUer
** British Columbia Liberal Leader Christy Clark wants to slap a hefty carbon levy on exports of thermal coal from British Columbian ports, a move that would devastate producers in both the United States and Alberta while sparking a rift over interprovincial trade. tgam.ca/2pEABhI
** Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, under pressure to deliver a new purchasing plan for big-ticket military goods, is preparing to lower expectations for the amount of cash available by blaming the former Conservative government for leaving the Canadian Armed Forces with a budget shortfall. tgam.ca/2pEwvpP
NATIONAL POST
** Negotiators and senior trade officials from 11 Pacific Rim nations gathered in Toronto Tuesday to discuss whether it's possible to salvage the Trans-Pacific Partnership. bit.ly/2pEAVwW
** WestJet Airlines is expanding its international reach with the purchase of at least 10 Dreamliner aircraft from Boeing Co part of a larger strategy that will see the Calgary-based airline look for growth in both ultra-low-cost and longer-haul segments. bit.ly/2pExiam
(Compiled by Vishal Sridhar)
ISTANBUL President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Friday Turkey's southern border region with Syria had come under serious mortar fire over the last two days and Turkish forces were retaliating as necessary.
Erdoğan also told a conference in Istanbul that United States support for Kurdish militia fighters inside Syria was damaging solidarity between Washington and Ankara, but that relations could turn a page under President Donald Trump.
"We will continue to take any measures as long as the threats persist... We will not allow efforts to form a terror corridor at our southern border," Erdoğan said.
(Reporting by Humeyra Pamuk; Writing by Dominic Evans; Editing by Tuvan Gumrukcu)
When you go to a hospital, does it make any difference if you're considered an “inpatient” or an “outpatient”?
Yes, it does.
Your hospital status (whether the hospital classifies you as an inpatient or outpatient) affects how much you pay for hospital services such as X-rays, drugs and lab tests. It also may affect whether Medicare will cover care you get in a skilled nursing facility.
You're an inpatient starting the day you're formally admitted to the hospital with a doctor's order. The day before you're discharged is your last inpatient day.
You're an outpatient if you're getting emergency department services, observation services, outpatient surgery, lab tests or X-rays, and the doctor hasn't written an order to admit you to the hospital as an inpatient.
In these cases, you're an outpatient even if you spend the night at the hospital.
Observation services are tests and other outpatient services that help the doctor decide if you need to be admitted as an inpatient or can be discharged. Observation services may be given in the emergency department or another area of the hospital.
If you're in the hospital more than a few hours, always ask your doctor or the hospital staff if you're an inpatient or an outpatient.
What do you pay as an inpatient?
Medicare Part A (hospital insurance) covers inpatient services, including a semi-private room, nursing care, drugs and meals. Generally, you pay a one-time deductible for all hospital services for the first 60 days you're in the hospital. The Part A deductible this year is $1,184.
Medicare Part B (medical insurance) covers most doctor services when you're an inpatient. You pay 20% of the Medicare-approved amount for doctor services after paying the Part B deductible ($147 in 2013).
What do you pay as an outpatient?
Part B also covers outpatient hospital services. Generally, this means you pay a co-payment for each individual outpatient service. The amount may vary by service.
The co-payment for a single outpatient hospital service can't be more than the inpatient hospital deductible. However, your total co-payment for all outpatient services may be more than the inpatient hospital deductible.
Part B covers most of your doctor services when you're a hospital outpatient. You pay 20 percent of the Medicare-approved amount after you pay the Part B deductible.
Generally, the prescription and over-the-counter drugs you get in an outpatient setting (like an emergency department), sometimes called “self-administered drugs,” aren't covered by Part B.
For safety reasons, many hospitals don't allow patients to bring drugs from home. If you have Medicare prescription drug coverage (Part D), these drugs may be covered under certain circumstances. You're likely to need to pay out-of-pocket for these drugs and submit a claim to your drug plan for a refund. Call your plan for more information.
Also, keep in mind that Medicare will only cover care you get in a skilled nursing facility if you've been a hospital inpatient for at least three days in a row (counting the day you were admitted as an inpatient but not counting the day you were discharged).
If you weren't an inpatient for three days but you still need care after your discharge, ask if you can get home health care or if other programs such as Medicaid or veterans benefits will cover skilled nursing for you.
If you have a Medicare Advantage Plan (such as an HMO or PPO), costs and coverage may be different. Check with your plan.
For more detailed information on how Medicare covers inpatient and outpatient hospital services, read Medicare's brochure, “Are You a Hospital Inpatient or Outpatient?” It can be found online by clicking here.
— David Sayen is Medicare's regional administrator for California, Arizona, Hawaii, Nevada and the Pacific Trust Territories. You can always get answers to your Medicare questions by calling 800.MEDICARE (633.4227).
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
São Paulo (Reuters) - Brazilian planemaker Embraer said in a securities filing on Friday it has not received any official new proposal from Boeing about a possible tie-up, but said it is in talks about a joint venture that could create a third company.
A Brazilian government source told Reuters the latest proposal for a tie-up between Boeing Co (BA.N) and Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA) included the creation of a third company. But Embraer said in its filing that no deal is guaranteed.
April 20 Tower Ltd
* Financial impacts of recent storm activity
* Maximum financial impact of storms associated with ex-cyclone Debbie will be $3.6 million after tax
* Estimates gross claims costs for storms associated with cyclone debbie, including edgecumbe will reach between $10 million and $12 million
* Cyclone Cook's impact was not as significant as expected Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mutualfirst Financial Inc:
* MUTUALFIRST FINANCIAL ANNOUNCES RECORD 2017 CORE EARNINGS
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.46
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.19 INCLUDING ITEMS
* RECORDED AN ADDITIONAL TAX EXPENSE IN Q4 OF 2017 OF $2 MILLION DUE TO A REVALUATION OF MFSF‘S DEFERRED TAX ASSET
* ALL NON-EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES WILL BE GIVEN A $750 BONUS, A $340,000 EXPENSE REFLECTED IN Q4 AND FULL YEAR 2017 RESULTS
* ‍NET INTEREST INCOME FOR Q4 OF 2017 INCREASED BY $624,000 COMPARED TO Q4 OF 2016​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Billy Corgan settles with TNA The grudge match between TNA Wrestling and onetime savior Billy Corgan has ended in a truce refereed by a major backer of the Nashville, Tenn., organization. Toronto-based Anthem Sports &...
Billy Corgan ousted as president of TNA Wrestling Billy Corgan's effort to take over TNA Wrestling has failed. The Smashing Pumpkins frontman and pro wrestling fan has been ousted as the group's president and, when they ask for...
Billy Corgan denied controlling stake in TNA Wrestling Billy Corgan lost their bid on Monday to keep TNA Wrestling from making major decisions without their approval. Corgan, the frontman for the Smashing Pumpkins and an avid pro wrestling...
TNA wrestling owners smashing Corgan's takeover efforts Pro wrestling fan, investor and Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan's efforts to buy a controlling stake in TNA Entertainment might be getting pinned to the mat. A hearing scheduled for...
Billy Corgan sues TNA wrestling in showdown for control Billy Corgan's mission to rescue the cash-strapped TNA Entertainment professional wrestling concern has run into trouble. The Smashing Pumpkins frontman, who was hoping to steer the trouble organization toward...
TNA to go ahead with the biggest show of the year as sale talks continue Pro-wrestling circuit Impact Ventures secured enough cash Friday to proceed with “Bound for Glory” — its biggest pay-per-view event of the year — according to Impact president and Smashing Pumpkins...
TNA wrestling scrambles for cash before year's biggest show Pro-wrestling circuit Impact Ventures will hold its biggest pay-per-view event of the year on Sunday, but the company on Thursday could not assure its fans it would have enough cash...
Billy Corgan in talks to become majority owner of TNA wrestling Smashing Pumpkins' Billy Corgan wants to be the new frontman for a pro wrestling group. Corgan is in talks to become the majority owner of cash-strapped Impact Ventures, the...
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
(Adds context, share performance from paragraph 3)
São Paulo, April 20 Vale SA's first-quarter iron ore output fell 6.7 percent as seasonal rainfalls in a fast-growing mine in northern Brazil hampered extraction and the world's No. 1 producer of the raw material sought to rein in production at low-margin facilities.
In a statement on Thursday, Vale said iron ore production totaled 86.198 million tonnes last quarter, compared with 92.386 million tonnes in the prior three months. Production of pellets fell 1.6 percent to 12.422 million tonnes in the same period, while coal output climbed 54 percent to 2.434 million tonnes, the statement said.
First-quarter trends indicate that ore output could come within guidance of 360 million tonnes to 380 million tonnes this year. Vale also said production could hit a base target of 400 million tonnes or more after 2018, the statement added.
The strategy of more controlled iron ore production growth comes after prices of the mineral fell almost a quarter over the past three years. Prices fell to their weakest on record in 2015 before recovering by around 50 percent, but analysts expect ore supply to top demand for the foreseeable future.
Preferred shares, Vale's most widely traded class of stock, rose as much as 2.3 percent to 27.33 reais in early Thursday trading. The stock is up 11.7 percent this year.
Vale's global recovery metrics, or a measure of iron ore extraction productivity, rose to 49 percent at the end of March from about 44 percent a year earlier. The so-called northern system, which groups Vale's Carajás, Serra Leste e S11D mines in northern Brazil, produced a record 36 million tonnes in the first quarter despite heavy summer rains in the region.
Nickel production fell 14 percent to 71,400 tonnes from the fourth quarter, reflecting output halts in mines located in Indonesia and Japan. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Gustavo Bonato; Editing by Bernard Orr)
March 30 Pensonic Holdings Bhd
* Announce recurrent related party transactions of revenue and/or trading nature nature entered into between pensonic group and, pw jit seng plastic material sdn bhd
* RRPT is not expected to have material effect on the earnings per share, net assets per share and gearing of pensonic group
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
The Inspector Lynley creator reveals how being creative and penning novels has been vital for their mental health.
Award-winning American author Elizabeth George has a lot to celebrate, as their popular series featuring Inspector Thomas Lynley, the upper-crust British detective, and their working-class sidekick DS Barbara Havers, reaches its 30th anniversary and 20th book.
The books were adapted for a BBC series starring Nathaniel Parker and Sharon Small, in the Noughties.
But for George, who turns 70 next year (and has no plans of retiring), writing has fulfilled an even greater role in their life, helping them cope with depression.
Indeed, they reveal that writing has, in many ways, been their saviour, helping them through the deep bouts of low mood she's suffered since they were a teenager.
“I've always been prone to depression but I discovered that the creative act is a really good way to fight off depression,” they say. “As long as I stay creative, I don't get the kind of serious depression that I used to get.”
There wasn't the awareness there is today about the mental illness when George, the daughter of a conveyor belt business person and a nurse, was growing up, in the San Francisco Bay area.
“I didn't come from the kind of family that confronted that sort of stuff. My mother told me later in their life that they knew that as a teenager, I was suicidally depressed. I think they were just hoping I wouldn't do anything about it,” says the writer. “In those days, you had to power through it. We are talking 1965. They didn't have the different medications they have now and didn't understand the chemical imbalances. I had a serotonin imbalance. Now they have all kinds of ways that they fight depression, through medication, though talk therapy and getting involved in activities.
“The depression was like a greased spiral, which would start out as a mild sense of malaise and sadness and get bigger and bigger as I slid down,” they continue. “I would then look around me to see if I could find the cause. For a long time, I blamed it on having to live in southern California.”
She's looking forward to a break after writing their latest Lynley story, The Punishment They Deserve, in which the detective investigates the death of a local deacon in the medieval town of Ludlow, Shropshire.
(Hodder & Stoughton/PA)
Before becoming a novelist, George taught English for 13 years, which kept the depression at bay, but they would be riddled with anxiety at the end of each term, unsure how they were going to get through the summer.
They sought counselling – George spent 20 years in psychotherapy – and also got a master's degree in counselling and psychology, which they found hugely helpful. But it wasn't until the Nineties that a psychiatrist explained to George the importance of the creative act to the way their mind works.
“He told me I needed to keep my brain occupied, so it wasn't in a resting state. In between books, I would get incredibly depressed and didn't know why. They said that between books, I'd have to do something else. I started creative scrapbooking and learning Italian. You can do things to alleviate a great deal of suffering you might otherwise have.”
The Punishment They Deserve by Elizabeth George is published by Hodder & Stoughton, priced £20. Available now.
© Press Association 2018
First 3D printed human corneas
The first human corneas have been 3D printed by scientists at Newcastle University.
It means the technique could be used in the future to ensure an unlimited supply of corneas.
As the outermost layer of the human eye, the cornea has an important role in focusing vision.
Yet there is a significant shortage of corneas available to transplant, with 10 million people worldwide requiring surgery to prevent corneal blindness as a result of diseases such as trachoma, an infectious eye disorder.
In addition, almost 5 million people suffer total blindness due to corneal scarring caused by burns, lacerations, abrasion or disease.
The proof-of-concept research, published today in Experimental Eye Research, reports how stem cells (human corneal stromal cells) from a healthy donor cornea were mixed together with alginate and collagen to create a solution that could be printed, a ‘bio-ink'.
Using a simple low-cost 3D bio-printer, the bio-ink was successfully extruded in concentric circles to form the shape of a human cornea. It took less than 10 minutes to print.
The stem cells were then shown to culture – or grow.
Che Connon, Professor of Tissue Engineering at Newcastle University, who led the work, said: “Many teams across the world have been chasing the ideal bio-ink to make this process feasible. “Our unique gel – a combination of alginate and collagen – keeps the stem cells alive whilst producing a material which is stiff enough to hold its shape but soft enough to be squeezed out the nozzle of a 3D printer.
“This builds upon our previous work in which we kept cells alive for weeks at room temperature within a similar hydrogel. Now we have a ready to use bio-ink containing stem cells allowing users to start printing tissues without having to worry about growing the cells separately.”
The scientists, including first author and PhD student Ms Abigail Isaacson from the Institute of Genetic Medicine, Newcastle University, also demonstrated that they could build a cornea to match a patient's unique specifications.
The dimensions of the printed tissue were originally taken from an actual cornea. By scanning a patient's eye, they could use the data to rapidly print a cornea which matched the size and shape. Professor Connon added: “Our 3D printed corneas will now have to undergo further testing and it will be several years before we could be in the position where we are using them for transplants. “However, what we have shown is that it is feasible to print corneas using coordinates taken from a patient eye and that this approach has potential to combat the world-wide shortage.”
–ends-
About Newcastle University:
Newcastle University, UK, is a thriving international community of some 27,750 students from over 130 countries worldwide. As a member of the Russell Group of research intensive universities in the UK, Newcastle has a world-class reputation for research excellence in the fields of medicine, science and engineering, social sciences and the humanities. The Research Excellence Framework 2014 (REF) placed Newcastle University 16th in the UK for Research Power and most of our research (78%) were assessed to be world-leading or internationally excellent. Newcastle University is honored with a Gold Award – in the Teaching Excellence Framework and is known for research-led teaching delivered by dedicated and passionate teachers (TEF).
Newcastle University is also ranked:
– 1st in the UK for Computing Science research impact, 3rd in the UK for Civil Engineering research power and 11th in the UK for Mathematical Sciences research.
– 3rd in the UK for English, and in the top 12 for Geography, Architecture, and Planning, and Cultural and Media Studies research quality
– 4th amongst UK medical schools for Clinical Medicine research intensity
Newcastle University is also among the top 20 universities in the country with the employment rate of 94%.
For more information, please visit Newcastle University, UK website: http://www.ncl.ac.uk/
The latest online auto buying innovation at booth #300 CUNA ACUC Show in Las Vegas
Contact
Karen Johnson
Public Relations Director
***@groovecar.com Karen JohnsonPublic Relations Director
End
-- GrooveCar, the nation's leading online auto buying resource for credit unions and its auto leasing program, CU Xpress Lease, will be exhibiting at the Las Vegas CUNA ACUC conference, June 25-28, 2017. The theme of the 2017 conference will be "Discover," focusing on the future of the credit union movement. The event explores trends that are reshaping the industry and will fuel growth through new ways of thinking. "This is a very exciting time in the credit union industry, CUNA's ACUC is taking the lead on promoting the need to stay ahead of trends. When credit unions are provided the right tools, the world opens to new opportunities,"explains Robert O'Hara, Vice President of Strategic Alliances, GrooveCar.Reaching members through innovation is part of the forward-thinking programs available at GrooveCar. "As banks begin to get into online car buying, the GrooveCar resource has been ahead of this trend, with years of providing a car shopping experience to members and at the same time offering an auto lease program. Our leasing program makes credit unions competitive 100 percent of the time during the buying process. Credit unions are remaining relevant at every buying stage and staying competitive on many fronts, now is the time to solidify your position with members and strategic partners for the future," O'Hare states.Credit unions will be able to experience first-hand the lead generation features built into the platform while at the show, through live demonstrations. Users of the platform can witness how the program is designed to acknowledge when members are performing different tasks during their car buying journey. Engagement with members is just one of the features that will really stand out for first time users. "We continue to provide a seamless digital experience whether it's from a stationary computer or on the go from a mobile device, it's meeting the member where they are, with what they need," adds O'Hara.Members look to their credit unions to be innovative in financial advice and the products they provide. Offering members, a product that can be up and running in a short period of time, helps credit unions reach that goal. During the show, Robert O'Hara will be available to discuss customized platforms available that are designed to further a credit union's needs to be innovative with member offerings.Founded in 1999, GrooveCar provides automotive loan growth solutions to credit unions nationwide while providing their members, as well as the general public, with the most informative and user-friendly auto search engine. With its expansive dealership network surpassing five million vehicles, GrooveCar facilitates the entire car buying process, including shopping, researching, buying, leasing, and financing. Through the national auto-leasing program CU Xpress Lease, credit unions can take advantage of leasing opportunities in the new and pre-owned vehicle market. CU Xpress is the leading credit union lease program in the nation. Additional information on GrooveCar or CU Xpress Lease may be found at http://www.groovecarinc.com A lease product specifically designed for the credit union to reap the benefits of leasing while maintaining control of the credit process. CU Xpress Lease and its affiliated companies bring decades of experience in auto remarketing and lease servicing to meet the needs of credit unions and their members. With offices in Bedford, Texas; Lebanon, NJ and Hauppauge, New York, an experienced infrastructure is ready to provide credit unions with an innovative product without the risk.
It is always a big headache to find the trusted transporters when you want to move your vehicles to any of the destinations. Whether you are individual or business owner, you may require services of these logistics companies anytime. Lots of service providers are available everywhere but you always want to search for the top service providers for transportation solutions for your vehicles. With good companies, you will find services to transport your cars, bikes, boats and all other vehicles in a safe and secure way to any of the destinations.
If you are able to find the best company to provide Cheap Vehicle Shipping Texas services, it will be beneficial in the following ways:
Shipping services to all the locations:
You never want to face inconvenience to ship any kind of vehicle to your desired location. With top companies of transportation, you will find shipping solutions to all the locations easily. Some of the top companies also provide services of international vehicle shipping Texas so it will be beneficial for every vehicle owner to reach the desired destination.
Assurance of safety and security:
The leading logistics companies always provide complete solutions for safety and security of all kinds of vehicles during transportation. With some of the good companies, you will also find insurance option that will be beneficial in case of any accident. When you contact a good company for Car Hauling service FL, you never need to worry about safety and security of your vehicles.
Options for the free quotes:
If you want to know about Car Hauling Rates FL before getting these services, the top companies will provide the option of a free quote to every client. Therefore, you can contact these professionals and can know about the estimated cost for vehicle transportation project to the desired location.
With some of the top companies, the clients will also find the options for long time Storage for the vehicles. Therefore, it is always essential to search for a good company when you want to transport your vehicles to any location without any kind of security or safety issues.
Top San Diego Lifestyle PR Firm For Outdoor And Action Sports Brands Helps Clients See Massive Success During The Show
San Diego-based Remedy PR Clients Won Big At The Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show
Media Contact
The Remedy Team
prcheckup@remedypr.com The Remedy Team
End
--: Remedy Communications (www.remedypr.com), a leading San Diego public relations and social influencer consultancy, is happy to announce that two of the clients they supported at the inaugural Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show (https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180125005417/en/Outdoor-Retailer-Snow-Show-2018-Largest-U.S)in Denver last week came home with more than 10 awards from influential national media outlets. The January Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show is the epicenter of innovation and technology in outdoor consumer products, where more than 1,000 brands competed for the attention of nearly 30,000 journalists, retail buyers and industry experts across three levels of the Colorado convention center. Remedy clients in attendance at the Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show included San Diego-based SPY eyewear , along with 686 Technical Apparel ( http://www.686.com ) from Los Angeles, which were vying for media attention against some of the biggest brands in apparel, consumer electronics, skiing, footwear, eyewear and more.The awards received varied between SPY and 686, but there was some significant overlap when it came to accolades received by the most prominent media outlets attending the show. SPY and 686 each received one of the four covetedawards from Outside Magazine, along with Gear Junkie'sawardone of Gear Institute'sWinter 2018 Best New Gear Awards (https://gearinstitute.com/winter-2018-best-new-gear-awards/), the Showstopper award from, and Digital Trends. Both brands also received notable pre-show media coverage heading into the big event, in addition to each participating in approximately 20 editorial meetings during the first two days of the show.While the Remedy team converged in Denver from points across the country to the Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show to support its clients, it was the collective efforts executed throughout 2017 leading into the big show that helped garner such massive media attention.With January's event marking the first time the Outdoor Retailer and SIA Snow Show were to be combined, the Remedy team stressed to all of their clients attending the show that that competition for media attention would be at an all-time high. To help their clients stand out, Remedy developed custom campaigns tied specifically to each brand's unique product launches for the event. Distinctive in terms of focus and content, each campaign did combine a variety of traditional and non-traditional PR tactics designed to kindle the interest of media before they attended the event."The Remedy team worked hard to develop unique multi-touch campaigns for SPY and 686 that amplified each brand's unique innovation in a way that cut through the noise and maximized media attention in the most cost-effective manner possible. That said, we couldn't have done it without our partners trusting our ideas and believing that we were the right team for the job," commented Bill Byrne, Remedy Communications Managing Director and Co-Founder.The Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show marked the public debut of innovative products from both 686 and SPY. SPY's latest goggle, the Ace EC (http://www.spyoptic.com/one), is their first goggle to feature SPY's ONE Lens™ electrochromic technology. With the touch of a button on the fsbdt SPY Ace EC, skiers and snowboarders can send an electronic pulse to the goggle's lens that will instantly change its tint to one of three distinct settings for different light conditions. The Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show also served as the debut of 686's Hydrastash® technology (http://www.hydrastash.com). Integrated into its men's and women's Reservoir jackets, Hydrastash is the world's first built-in apparel micro hydration system designed to allow skiers and snowboarders on-demand, unencumbered access to water in a way that won't impede their normal movement or balance."I'm incredibly proud of the what we accomplished at the Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show last week. The level of competition for media at the show was massive, but 686 and SPY both came out well ahead of their competitors when it came to media attention," continued Byrne.The 686 Reservoir jackets and SPY's Ace EC goggle will both be available at retail stores nationwide beginning September 2018. Media looking to find out more about either brand can contact the Remedy team at outdoor@RemedyPR.com.Remedy Communications provides public relations and social media influencer solutions to brands in such diverse fields as finance, healthcare, beverage, technology, B2B, and the outdoor / action sports arena. Through a unique business structure tailored to the needs of its clients, Remedy fills the needs of brands looking for a media relations partner that combines national expertise and day-to-day senior level support, in at an affordable rate compared to mid-sized and large-scale agencies offering the same services. Remedy's unique model forgoes the "bait-and-switch"many brands lament after securing PR support, and ensures that each partner's daily contact is one of Remedy's directors. The agency has its headquarters in San Diego, with team members in key locations such as New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Denver.Before engaging with a partner, Remedy likes to do a full review of their existing PR and social media programs, called the PR Checkup, to determine if the agency really can Remedy to their situation. More about Remedy and its innovative approach to marketing media relations can be found online at www.RemedyPR.com or by emailing PRCheckup@RemedyPR.com.
December 11, 1945 – June 23, 2018
Betty was born December 11, 1945 in Minden Township, MN to Carl Joseph and Catherine Margaret (Thelen) Diedrich. They married Richard Henry Koopmeiners on November 14, 1964. Betty worked for many years for Holes Webway. Betty and Richard moved to Sioux Falls, SD for Richard's work with the railroad. They lived there for 34 years, returning to St. Cloud in 2015. Betty loved time with the family and watching Walker Texas Ranger (as they were a huge Chuck Norris fan). They were a jokester and laughed at their own jokes. Betty also enjoyed traveling, gambling and Twins baseball.
Seniors make up 13% of population, account for a third of all prescriptions written in the U.S.
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 5 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
The baby boom culture. Longer, but not necessarily healthier lifestyles. A general lack of information and communication. Each of these elements plays a role in the growing phenomenon that is the misuse of prescription drugs by the elderly.
These behaviors include over- or under-use of prescription medications, use of the wrong medication, use for the wrong purpose, and in some cases, using contraindicated substances that may have a detrimental effect on the patient.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
In many cases it comes down to a numbers game. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, older adults — age 60 years and up — comprise about 13 percent of the U.S. population, but account for a third of all prescriptions written in the United States. People are living longer with their age-related ailments and multiple specialists are prescribing numerous protocols.
“Anyone goes to the specialist will get full treatments,” said Dr. Erno Daniel, a Sansum Clinic internist with a specialty in geriatric medicine.
The effects of two or three prescription regimens are predictable, Daniel said, but the more prescriptions piled onto the patient's intake, the more difficult it is to anticipate the effects. Additionally, they said, the protocols used for elderly patients may be ones developed for patients 10 to 20 years younger, and likely don't take into account the metabolic changes of the aging individual.
“There's just not enough data,” said Daniel, referring to the optimal dosages and effects of multiple drug regimens in older individuals.
The aging brain also plays a huge role in the misuse of prescription drugs by older adults, Daniel said. By the age of 85, about 40 percent of older adults have some degree of cognitive impairment, leading to situations in which patients don't remember to take their medications, or forget that they just did, or confuse one with another. Dementia and memory problems also make it difficult for physicians to tell when there is a problem with prescriptions when they interview an older patient.
Misuse through cognitive decline is a particular problem for Amy Mallett, who works with seniors at the Goleta Valley Community Center, 5679 Hollister Ave.
“It happens all the time,” they said.
Mallett said even slight changes in prescriptions — such as a different brand of the same drug — could confuse the center's seniors enough to unintentionally misuse their prescriptions. Even different pills coming in the same colored bottles make it difficult to be sure they are taking enough of the right ones, they said.
“I would love for pills not to come in those bottles,” said Mallett, suggesting the use of color coding of some sort to aid users in keeping their medications straight.
Prolonged and constant use of certain medications, like painkillers and sedatives, can lead to dependency and drug-seeking behavior, doctors say. Sleep medications tend to be one of the more often abused drugs by the elderly, Daniel said.
“People in their 70s and 80s don't really sleep soundly,” they added. “Some patients are really frustrated by that.”
Sometimes the frustration leads them to seek more and stronger prescriptions, Daniel said. The insidious thing is that the sleeping issue is a highly subjective one, with patients claiming they can't sleep even as they spend much time under the haze of sedatives and tranquilizers. Patients will tend to supplement their prescriptions with over-the-counter drugs containing diphenhydramine, a popular allergy-relieving and sleep-inducing drug. While innocuous enough for younger patients, the drug can cause unintended effects — like urinary retention, for instance, setting off another string of symptoms and possibly more prescriptions.
Alcohol abuse, an often co-occuring disease, only serves to intensify the situation. Daniel said older Americans tend to be less likely to intentionally misuse drugs, but will self-medicate with alcohol.
“In older patients, alcohol has zero health protective benefits,” they said, a fact they stress to older patients who still believe that drinking alcohol will contribute to their longevity.
Their sons and daughters, baby boomers having grown up in an era of the emergence of psychotropic drugs for prescription use and for pleasure, tend to have fewer reservations about narcotics.
And then there are the intricacies of the health-care system. Medicare patients who fall into the “hole” — a roughly three-month period during which they are financially responsible for their medicines, will often use less of their drugs in order to spend less of their fixed incomes on them.
“I see this all the time,” Daniel said.
Patients will either forego their prescriptions, electing instead to suffer, while substituting other medications — old and possibly expired ones, ones from their cohorts, or over-the-counter ones, they said.
Such was the case of one of Mallet's seniors, a woman who, because they couldn't afford their prescription, “borrowed” drugs from a friend that they thought were the same.
“She ended up OD-ing and dying,” Mallett said.
Daniel and Mallet both say that seniors who may have had a particularly bad financial time might even sell their prescriptions for the money.
Particularly vulnerable to all the missteps and abuses are those who live alone, they say. As people decline in old age and become more home-bound, watching out for prescription drug misuse — both intentional and unintentional — becomes a bigger task. Illness and depression only serve to isolate the patient more.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk contributing writer Sonia Fernandez can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK, June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday, mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September.
* NSE index down 0.2 pct, BSE index 0.3 pct lower
* Recent outperformers fall on profit-booking
* Bharti Infratel top percentage loser
By Aby Jose Koilparambil
March 31 Indian shares fell on Friday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, but were poised for a third straight gain on month fuelled by a crucial victory for India's ruling party in a key state election and big foreign inflows into markets.
The NSE index was down 0.2 percent at 9,153.35 as of 0618 GMT, while the benchmark BSE index was 0.3 percent lower at 29,562.59.
The NSE index has however advanced 3.1 percent this month after hitting a record high of 9,218.40 on March 17, spurred by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's win in the key northern state of Uttar Pradesh and net foreign inflows of $4.67 billion into equity markets as of March 30.
For the quarter, the NSE index rose 11.9 percent, its best performance since the April-June quarter of 2014 when Modi was elected to power.
In the 2016/17 fiscal year so far, the NSE has surged 18.5 percent, rebounding from an 8.9 percent fall in the previous financial year.
Analysts say they expect markets to take a breather in the short-term as investors brace for corporate results starting mid-April.
"There could me some more profit-booking happening in the market. Next week could see some breather in terms of FII (foreign institutional investor) inflows as well as caution ahead of earnings season and monsoon data," said Siddhartha Khemka, head of research at Centrum Wealth.
On Friday, private lender HDFC Bank was trading 1.7 percent lower, sliding for the first time in four sessions and the top percentage loser among financial stocks on the index.
The Nifty Bank index, which ended Thursday at a record closing high, and the Nifty Finance index each fell as much as 0.7 percent.
Bharti Infratel, which has gained 4.6 percent so far in the week after it sold about 22 percent stake, was down 3.5 percent, the top percentage loser on the index.
Education services provider CL Educate slumped on market debut, falling as much as 21 percent from its IPO price of 502 rupees.
Indian Oil Corp Ltd, which was included in the NSE index on Friday along with Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd , was the top percentage gainer, rising as much as 3.70 percent.
(Reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bengal; Editing by Biju Dwarakanathuru)
ROLL-OVER: A single vehicle roll-over outside of Monto leaves two elderly people in hospital.
AN ELDERLY man and woman have been hospitalised after a single vehicle roll-over 20km south of Monto, one of which was airlifted to Bundaberg Hospital.
Queensland Ambulance Service spokesperson Martin Kelly said the woman was taken to Monto Hospital with minor injures in a stable condition.
Mr Kelly said while the man was stable, they received serious neck and chest injuries and had a helicopter bring them to the Bundaberg Hospital.
"We were lucky, we actually had a critical care paramedic in Monto doing training and were on the scene within two minutes,” they said.
"Both patients are now in hospital”.
After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
On Tuesday:
The S&P 500 index skidded 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56.
The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13.
Advertisement
The Nasdaq composite tumbled 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35.
The Russell 2000 index slid 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28.
For the week:
The S&P is down 35.58 points, or 1.3 percent.
The Dow is down 438.81 points, or 1.8 percent.
The Nasdaq is down 138.77 points, or 1.9 percent.
The Russell 2000 is down 10.84 points, or 0.7 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is down 39.05 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Dow is down 695.09 points, or 2.8 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 103.96 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 17.77 points, or 1.2 percent.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Spokesman Steffen Seibert didn't waste many words at the German government's Monday press conference when asked about calls by Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin for sanctions on former German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder. Angela Merkel, Seibert said, saw "no reasons" to punish Schröder, who has held a variety of top posts with Russian companies and was recently described by the Wall Street Journal as "Putin's most important oligarch."
Ukraine is outraged that people in Russian-annexed Crimea were allowed to vote in Sunday's national election, which saw Vladimir Putin handed a fourth term as Russian president. After Seibert's statement, Klimkin said they were widening their appeal for sanctions against the former chancellor.
Read more: Vladimir Putin's landslide re-election: Leaders react and look forward
"The EU - both nationally and at the EU level - should act against such persons because they keep driving projects, Russian projects, which are supported by Russian companies, which are under EU sanctions and which are used now as a tool in the sense of Russian meddling into the European Union," Klimkin told Deutsche Welle in Brussels. "So on lobbyists like Gerhard Schroeder, there should be a clear understanding (of) what is their role, and there should be a clear understanding what is the way forward."
Klimkin is in Brussels for consultations with EU foreign ministers as part of "Ukraine + Group of Friends of Ukraine in the EU" format.
"It's the only way forward," Klimkin added, referring to sanctions on lobbyists. "Otherwise Moscow will come and simply try to meddle in the whole way how the democratic institutions here in the European Union, in the whole civilized world, function. and Russia has been already doing that. Tolerating that would mean Putin could do something else any other day."
Playing Putin's game?
Critics say that pipeline deals with Russia will make Germany dependent on Putin
It is unclear what, if any, sanctions either Germany or the EU could impose on Schröder, who was German chancellor from 1998 to 2005 and has worked for a number of Russian energy companies. In particular, they have been blasted for joining Nord Stream, the company that runs a major gas pipeline between Russian and Germany, immediately after leaving office. As chancellor, Schröder worked closely with Putin to promote the pipeline. That's earned him, in some quarters, a reputation as a Putin stooge.
"Personally, I regret their decision because he's lost their credibility on foreign policy," conservative Member of the European Parliament David McAllister said in Brussels. "If you're on a payroll from the one side, it's very difficult to be considered as 100 percent neutral. It's their personal decision. He's now retired. I just personally hope that other chancellors, once they have retired in many years to come, won't do the same mistake. And I'm pretty sure the current chancellor won't."
Read more: Vladimir Putin: How a spy rose to power and held on to it
Schröder has also been taken to task by a prominent member of the Green Party, Schröder's junior coalition partners during their time as chancellor.
"I would agree with what the Wall Street Journal has written recently," Green Bundestag deputy Omid Nouripour told DW in Berlin. "We don't need sanctions against Schröder. They didn't violate any laws. But we need to create awareness of what's going on. There are a lot of people who are very well-known, like former Chancellor Schröder, who are playing Putin's game in this country. This is dangerous."
A blast from a Ukrainian lobbyist
Ukrainian Foreign Minister Klimkin is trying to rally support against Russia in the EU
Another figure to blast Schröder was former NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen.
"It's their decision, but politically it's a disaster," said Rasmussen in Brussels. "I think the best way to proceed will be to really block the Nord Stream 2 project."
Rasmussen is an adviser to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and a vocal supporter of Ukrainian causes, so their words should perhaps be taken with a grain of salt.
Despite a request for a statement, Germany's Social Democratic Party has thus far not taken an official position on the calls to sanction the former SPD chancellor. Schröder themselves has insisted on numerous occasions that there is nothing illegal about their work for Russian companies.
'Cooling off' ex-politicians
Schröder's friendship with Putin while in office has served them well in their post-political career
The anti-influence-peddling NGO Lobby Control in Berlin said that it could not comment on a foreign-policy issue such as whether Schröder should be punished. But a spokesperson added that the former chancellor should not be given special treatment because of their past.
"We do view Schröder's activities very critically," Lobby Control's Timo Lange told DW. "From our perspective, it's important that the German government and the SPD show that Schröder doesn't enjoy any special privileges or access because they were once the chancellor and the head of the party."
Lange echoed Nouripour's call for greater awareness in Germany of former politicians' lobbying activities and said that a 2015 law prohibiting the highest-level politicians from immediately accepting lobbying jobs after they leave office should be beefed up.
"We would favor extending the so-called 'cooling-off period' from the current maximum of 18 months," Lange said. "It remains to be seen how this rule will be enforced now since it's the first time we've had a change of government."
Lange added that Germany should institute a registry for all lobbyists. Legislation to create one was put forward by the Greens and the Left Party during the last legislative period but was shot down by the conservative-SPD government.
Reporting from Brussels by Teri Schultz.
Watch video 02:03 Share Putin officially wins election Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uZ6H It's official: Putin once and future president of Russia
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
3 Stars — Thought-provoking
When profit seduces a company into harming the environment, how should we respond? Do we simply fine the company and require it to clean it up, making it a “cost of doing business” type of decision, or should we hold the board and executive officers personally accountable? If we do the former and not the latter, and these leaders calculate the business cost and decide the profit is worth the business expense, have we adequately protected ourselves and our planet from their greed? If our regulatory and legal systems are not effective, is it ethical to take “an eye for an eye” and cause these unethical leaders to personally experience the health consequences they have forced upon others?
These are the issues addressed in Zal Batmanglij's film The East, with the last question answered in the affirmative by an eco-terrorist group called The East, for which the film is named.
A complex and well-developed tale, the screenplay was written by Batmanglij and the star of the film is Brit Marling. Casting themselves as undercover agent Jane Owen/Sarah who works for a private firm protecting corporations from attacks, they are a proven operative who is assigned to infiltrate the eco-terrorist group by their savvy and compassionless boss Sharon (Patricia Clarkson).
A former FBI agent, Sarah is naïve about the corporations they are protecting and vulnerable to the charms of The East group's leader Benji (Alexander Skarsgård). The East also includes Izzy (Ellen Page), Luca (Shiloh Fernandez), Thumbs (Aldis Hodge), Tess (Danielle Macdonald) and Eve (Hillary Baack).
The East's sincerity and commitment are due to the group's personal experiences of the harmful effects of the toxic medicines and wastes produced by the corporations. This is seen directly in Doc (Toby Kebbell). Doc is a physician who prescribed an antibiotic to themselves and their sister while they were doing relief work in Africa. The $1.4 billion profit that the pharmaceutical company is making on that drug is considered to be worth the side effects that many of its users experience, including Doc and their sister.
Left with tremors that make it impossible for them to practice medicine, Doc sets out to hold the president and board members accountable with the help of the other members of The East. In similar but unique ways, this is true for each of them as well. We won't reveal the various ways in which every member of The East is personally affected by these corporations' greed and how they act to hold their CEOs accountable, but their stories and terrorist actions make this story compelling as well as suspenseful.
What also makes the film intriguing is that this terrorist group is more like a hippy commune of the 1960s than a terrorist cell of the 2000s. Using group dynamics designed to break down each individual's personal boundaries, which was a common though unhealthy group practice during that era, The East plays games of spin-the-bottle with erotic and homoerotic aspects as well as bathing one another. Although the film is PG-13 and shows these scenes with reservation, the cultic nature is not lost on the audience.
The ethical issues involved are obvious and challenging. The basic principle that businesses should choose to be ethical in their treatment of the environment and impact on their neighbors is voiced in a speech by Thumbs, who describes how the group will treat those companies who do not choose to do so. When Benji quotes the Biblical reference of an “eye for an eye” — and adds, “No more and no less” — Thumbs says that since the waste of the company cost some people their lives, then The East should take the life of the CEO. Their zealous attitude is challenged, but their point is made.
The religious undertone of Sarah's former life is subtle and intriguing. Wearing a cross and listening to Christian radio as they drive to their work in Washington, D.C., Sarah is challenged ethically, spiritually and morally, and finally finds their way through a troubling morass.
The East is a fascinating film in every way and worthy of adult viewing and discussion.
Discussion:
» If you knew that a company in your town was poisoning the environment for profit, what would you do? Have you ever been aware of such an issue in your own town? Did you get involved?
» What are you doing to hold those who are harming our planet accountable? How are you a part of the problem, and how are you a part of the solution?
» Like most cult leaders, Benji uses their good looks and manipulative charm to influence their group. How do you protect yourself from those who “woo” you by personal charisma to get you to do what they want, whether they are a date, a salesperson or a leader in your life?
— Cinema in Focus is a social and spiritual movie commentary. Hal Conklin is a former mayor of Santa Barbara and Denny Wayman is pastor of Free Methodist Church, 1435 Cliff Drive. For more reviews, visit www.cinemainfocus.com, or follow them on Twitter: @CinemaInFocus. The opinions expressed are their own.
BEVERLY HILLS May 2 Activist hedge fund Marcato Capital Management, which is currently seeking to oust the chief executive at Buffalo Wild Wings, has gained 6 percent in the first four months of 2016.
The San Francisco-based hedge fund returned 3 percent in its main fund in April while its Marcato Encore International fund, which focuses more on smaller stocks, gained 4.1 percent last month, leaving the portfolio up 7.9 percent for the year, an investment update seen by Reuters shows.
Separately, Jana Partners, another activist hedge fund which is currently pushing for change at Whole Foods, told investors that its Jana Partners fund gained 0.9 percent last month, leaving it up 5.3 percent for the year, an investor said.
The average global hedge fund has returned 2.09 percent this year according to data from Hedge Fund Research Inc.
Marcato's performance was driven mainly by gains in crane and mining equipment maker Terex Corp. and Deckers Outdoor Corp., the maker of UGG brand boots and apparel, companies the hedge fund invested in within the last year.
At Buffalo Wild Wings, Marcato owns a 6.1 percent stake. Since last year, the hedge fund has been pushing the restaurant chain to franchise more of its stores, increase its sales and raise its profit margins. The fund is currently seeking to put four new directors on the board, including the fund's founder Mick McGuire. It is urging CEO Sally Smith, who has had the top job since 1996, to retire.
Separately Jana Partners, another activist hedge fund which is currently pushing for change at Whole Foods, told investors that its Jana Partners fund rose 0.9 percent in April and is now up 5.3 percent for the year.
The average global hedge fund returned 2.09 percent in the first four months of the 2016, according to Hedge Fund Research, lagging the S&P 500s 7.2 percent gain.
(Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Roshid Jan, a Rohingya refugee who said they are not sure about their age, cries holding their son Muhammad Gyab at their shelter at the camp for widows and orphans inside the Balukhali camp near Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. Roshid Jan, who walked for 10 days...more
Roshid Jan, a Rohingya refugee who said they are not sure about their age, cries holding their son Muhammad Gyab at their shelter at the camp for widows and orphans inside the Balukhali camp near Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. Roshid Jan, who walked for 10 days with their five children to Bangladesh after soldiers burnt their village, wept when they spoke about their missing husband. The religious leader in their Phansi village in Myanmar's Rakhine state was accused of being a member of the Rohingya militants and arrested 11 months ago, they said. They had not seen them or heard about their fate since then. Now they live with their five children and more than 230 others at camp for Rohingya widows and orphans. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Close
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global SAR Measurement System Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report SPEAG, Microwave Vision Group, ART-Fi, IndexSAR, TDK RF Solutions Inc.
The report begins with introducing the global SAR Measurement System market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in SAR Measurement System report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sar-measurement-system-market/5931/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
SAR Measurement System Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Traditional SAR Measurement System, Fast SAR Measurement System.
SAR Measurement System Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Test Labs, Wireless Companies, Others.
Key points in the SAR Measurement System Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sar-measurement-system-market/5931/#inquiry
From all of this SAR Measurement System market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following SAR Measurement System market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and SAR Measurement System distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on Saturday endorsed a change to the Institutional Revolutionary Party's (PRI) rules that allows outsiders to run for president, a move that gives the embattled leader greater power to anoint their successor.
Gathering for their national assembly ahead of the 2018 election, members of the PRI, Mexico's ruling party, voted to relax requirements for presidential candidates, jettisoning a rule that nominees must be party members with at least 10 years' standing. The change opens the door to the candidacy of Pena Nieto's finance minister, Jose Antonio Meade, a soft-spoken technocrat who has served in various cabinet posts under both the PRI and the conservative National Action Party (PAN).
Pena Nieto made their way to the stage at a leisurely pace, spending 15 minutes greeting and posing for photographs with supporters in the crowd of more than 15,000 in Mexico City's Palacio de los Deportes. Sporting their trademark red track jacket, Pena Nieto echoed PRI leaders in describing the change as a move towards building a modern and more inclusive party.
Updating the party's statutes "opens us up to society and brings us closer to citizens," they said. "And it also strengthens the PRI as the best platform so that members and sympathizers can serve their community."
The change also gives the PRI much-needed latitude to choose a candidate as it approaches a trying election. Persistent gang violence and tepid growth have eroded support for the PRI during Pena Nieto's term, and the party is also reeling from a series of corruption scandals.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto greets to supporters of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) during their national assembly ahead of the 2018 election at Mexico City's Palacio de los Deportes, Mexico August 12, 2017. Henry Romero
On that count, Meade's clean record through years of government service could prove a key asset. While they did not speak at the gathering, they sat in the first row, alongside party luminaries.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto delivers their speech to supporters of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) during their national assembly ahead of the 2018 election at Mexico City's Palacio de los Deportes, Mexico August 12, 2017. Henry Romero
If Meade became a presidential candidate, they would likely face outspoken leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. The PRI lagged far behind Lopez Obrador's party in a July poll.
Near the end of their remarks, Pena Nieto took a veiled shot at the populist's campaign.
"The advantage of our party over the other options is evident," they said. "While we pursue with bravery and vision a better future for Mexico, there are those who hope to return us to the past."
Speaking to local media on Saturday, Meade said they were "happy about the opportunity and the open space," though they declined to reveal when they would decide whether to run.
If more people don't step up to foster animals, the SPCA will reach crisis point as centres around the country overflow.
Auckland SPCA chief executive Andrea Midgen said the organisation is in desperate need of volunteers to foster hundreds of animals.
"We can't take in any more animals," they said.
The Auckland centre is completely full, with no room in the hospital and isolation areas for incoming animals. The centre is sending out 180 animals on average to be fostered each month.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, in Wellington, there are 136 animals being fostered, and 80 in the Canterbury centre.
Foster parents don't have to take on any costs, as the SPCA will provide everything they need, from medicine and vet costs to food, toys, and bedding.
The SPCA will provide all the toys, food, bedding, and medicine the animals need. Photo / Melissa Nightingale
Fostering is for animals that "need a bit of rest and respite".
They could be sick, recovering from an operation or procedure, need some time in isolation, or need regular care such as bottle-feeding every couple of hours.
Anyone wanting to foster can work with the SPCA around the level of commitment needed to care for a certain animal, and could choose to foster for just a weekend, or for several months.
Normally by this time of the year, the kitten season has calmed down and foster parents can get a breather, but the number of incoming cats has stayed high, Midgen said.
Wellington SPCA staff member and foster parent of 13 years, Kirsty Grant, is looking after three kittens at the moment.
They also own four cats that are all ex-foster cats "that never quite made it back".
One is 5-year-old Milo, who was born with an umbilical chord wrapped tightly around their leg, cutting off the circulation so badly it needed to be amputated.
The kittens they are caring for at the moment are sick, but can feed themselves, so Grant doesn't have to do much except play with them and take them to vet appointments, which the SPCA pays for.
Sometimes foster parenting animals is as simple as giving them food and playing with them. Photo / Melissa Nightingale
There were plenty of benefits to fostering cats or dogs, including the ability to trial having a pet in the family home, or the chance to look after animals for a short period of time, rather than commit to having a pet for 10-15 years.
"I would just say give it a go," they said.
"Everybody that we've spoken to and that have stepped up as fosters have really, really enjoyed it, even if you only foster once."
Anyone wanting to foster should contact their local SPCA centre.
MINO CERETTI (Italian, b. 1930), "i nomi", oil on canvas
Contact
Shannon's Fine Art Auctioneers
Sandra Germain
***@shannons.com Shannon's Fine Art AuctioneersSandra Germain
End
-- Shannon's Fine Art Auctioneers will host their biannual Online Fine Art Auction this Thursday, June 15th, Session I begin at 12:30PM and Session II begins 2:00PM. The sale will be online-only with live bidding through www.Invaluable.com. Absentee bids left directly with Shannon's will be accepted through June 14th.Headlining the auction is a group of 77-lots from the Collection of Galleria George Lester, Session I. The Galleria was a prominent mid-century gallery in Rome, Italy. The collection features an impressive selection of abstract expressionist and modernist works. Among the top-lots in the group are works by Giustino (Tino) Vaglieri, Mino Ceretti, Libo Marzot, John Rudge and Patrick Burke.Session II of the sale features a variety of works for every taste and budget. Highlights include contemporary prints by Sonia Delaunay, Helen Gerardia, Julian Stanczak, Scott Fraser, Victor Pasmore and others; New York City Scenes by Johann Berthelsen, Anthony Springer and Franklin E. Morris; Southern Scenes by George A. Swanson and a collection from the Estate of Gerald Johnson, a friend and follower of Ilya Bolotowsky.Previews will be held daily, starting Tuesday, June 6th, and continuing through Wednesday, June 14th (closed to the public June 15th during the auction). Preview hours are 11-5 (EST). Only Internet and Absentee bids will be accepted for this sale.Shannon's Fine Art Auctioneers is always accepting quality consignments for future auctions. Shannon's will be holding their American & European Fine Art Auction in October 2017. To consign a single piece of artwork, an estate or a collection, you may call them at (203) 877-1711; or, e-mail at info@shannons.com . To learn more about Shannon's Fine Art Auctioneers and the Thursday, June 15th auction, please visit www.shannons.com . Updates are posted frequently.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
MOSCOW The decision by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson to cancel a visit to Moscow later this month shows a lack of understanding of events in Syria, Russia's foreign ministry said on Sunday.
Johnson cancelled the visit, scheduled for April 10, after a poison gas attack in a rebel-held area of Syria prompted the United States to launch missile strikes against a Syrian airbase.
The Russian ministry said the decision to cancel the visit showed once more that there was little to gain from talking to Britain, which it said had no real influence over world affairs.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning, editing by Larry King)
By Nick Calacouras
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
"It's time for the Jedi to end."
These ominous words from Luke Skywalker come at the end of the latest long-awaited teaser for the eight instalment of the Star Wars saga.
These are among the first words we've heard Mark Hamill say in their career-defining role in more than 30 years. So, naturally, the internet is abuzz with speculation.
Has Luke turned to the Dark Side of the Force? Is that why they were in hiding for all of The Force Awakens?
There's one theory that I'd like to put out there. It's one that I've had for a while now.
I've tried to stay relatively across every book, comic and animated TV series that is considered to be 'canon' ever since Disney bought the franchise a few years ago.
And I've come across a theme that seems to be keep popping up.
I don't think the Jedi every truly understood the Force.
The 'who' didn't understand the 'what'?
Continued below.
Related Content Five biggest hints dropped about The Last Jedi at Star Wars Celebration Carrie Fisher's daughter gives tear-jerking tribute at Star Wars Celebration Video Watch: New Star Wars teaser
Okay, I probably should have started here earlier. If you're not a Star Wars nerd, feel free to stop reading now.
You don't need to be across everything, but a working knowledge of the major films is assumed knowledge at this point.
So, let's start with the prophecy
As much as we like to pretend the prequels don't exist - they are part of the official canon. And the prequels talk of a prophecy that will "bring balance to the Force".
What does that even mean?
We know that there are two sides to the Force, the Light and the Dark. The Light comes from positive emotions, such as compassion and empathy. The Dark comes from negative feelings, like hate and anger.
But the Jedi we meet in the prequels aren't really interested in balancing these sides.
They're an order of warrior monks - not allowed to fall in love or even care for their dying mothers.
As Yoda says, "Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering."
But this never made much sense to me. It doesn't feel much like balance. Fear is not a negative emotion. It exists to keep us safe and alive.
We're not supposed to shut off our emotions. We're supposed to learn how to deal with them, and maybe that's how the Force is supposed to work. You're not supposed to cut yourself off from the Dark Side, just as you're not supposed to totally embrace it. Maybe it's up to you to find the balance.
Is this new territory?
Not really. The new extended Star Wars universe shows there is more to the Force than just the Jedi and the Sith.
We have the novel Dark Disciple - one of the first books to be introduced into the new official canon. This story relates specifically to a mission where Jedi Knight Quinlan Vos struggled to walk the fine line between Light and Dark to carry out a difficult assassination.
Then there is Ahsoka Tano - a fan-favourite Jedi from the animated Clone Wars series. They left the Jedi Order amid controversy but returned as a character years later in Star Wars: Rebels. They no longer considers themselves a Jedi, but used their powers to help fight the Empire.
And in the recent standalone film, Star Wars: Rogue One, we meet Chirrut Imwe, a blind member of the Guardian of the Whills. It is strongly inferred that they have the ability to use the Force, taking on a whole squad of stormtroopers almost by himself.
If there is a big picture behind the entire Star Wars series, perhaps the producers are laying the groundwork for us to accept that there is more to the Force than we'd previously been led to believe.
This is what I believe Luke Skywalker is talking about: The old Jedi Order was wrong. You can't just cut yourself off. You need to find a new way to find balance.
What's good about this theory?
Luke has already had a taste of walking the line between Light and Dark.
In their final battle with Darth Vader on the second Death Star, Luke taps into their anger and aggression to defeat their father. The fear of losing their sister motivated them for a devastating attack which disarmed one of the most fearsome villains in cinematic history.
But when it came time to issue the killing blow, Luke refused. They used the Dark Side as well as the Light. They found the balance.
There's also one other nice little benefit to this theory.
It makes the prequels essential to the overall story, while also slamming them for being horrible.
It's like saying, "Sure, it was stupid, but we meant to it to be stupid."
Or, like having a character purposefully installing a weakness in the first Death Star - filling a rather idiotic plot hole from four decades earlier.
This is the theory that's starting to make it's way around the internet: Not Light or Dark, but a 'Grey Jedi'. The end of extremist ideology, and a need for people on all sides of the spectrum to meet in the middle.
Not a terrible message for today's audiences.
As with all theories, all will be revealed in good time. I guess we'll have to wait until December to find out.
- news.com.au
The Coronation Street actor welled up as they spoke of the critical care matron who looked after their baby when they were born premature.
Kym Marsh has spoken of their “emotional” reunion with the nurse who helped to save their daughter's life when they were born prematurely.
The Coronation Street star's daughter Polly was born seven weeks early in 2011, and the actor said they thought they might have died had it not been for the NHS staff looking after them
They and Polly, now seven, went to meet critical care matron Kath Eaton at St Mary's Hospital in Manchester, and Marsh said it was “wonderful” to see their daughter with the woman who cared for them as a baby.
#Corrie star @msm4rsh on how the premature birth of their daughter Polly made them appreciate the work and care of the NHS even more #NHS70 #NHSVoices pic.twitter.com/et3jZAsOax — Lorraine (@lorraine) July 4, 2018
They told ITV's Lorraine: “She hasn't seen them since they left the unit, which was seven years ago now.
“And of course Polly has no memory of Kath, so explaining to Polly who Kath was and to see them say thank you was lovely and we all got a little emotional.”
Marsh, who lost their son Archie in 2009 when they were born 18 weeks prematurely, added: “I was touch and go, my whole pregnancy with Polly was very much touch and go.
“I was in and out of hospital a lot. We knew they were going to be premature, we didn't know how premature.”
In a pre-recorded segment, Marsh broke down in tears as they recounted the trauma of Polly's birth, and nearly losing them
Marsh praised the staff at St Mary's.
“It's what they are doing every day, that's just my story,” they said.
“Think of all the people they are doing that every day for.”
The NHS's 70th anniversary will be celebrated in ITV's one-off special The Big NHS Singalong Live, where Marsh will be seen being reunited with the nurse.
© Press Association 2018
LONDON An extension of OPEC-led oil production cuts into the second half of 2017 would help bring global crude inventories back to a five-year average by the end of the year and support prices at about $55 a barrel, BP's chief financial officer said Tuesday.
Oil stocks have steadily built for nearly three years amid sharp production increases in the United States, Iraq, Iran, Brazil and other regions, sparking a slide in oil prices from above $100 in 2014 to $30 last year.
To reduce inventories to their five-year average, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other producers agreed to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017, a deal that helped lift prices to their current level of about $52. [O/R]
With stockpiles still high, OPEC states have indicated those cuts could be extended to December.
"If OPEC cuts roll into the second half of the year we anticipate crude oil stocks would get back into the top end of the historical range," BP Chief Financial Officer Brian Gilvary said after the company reported a jump in profit.
"I wouldn't describe it as being majorly bullish, but it would certainly firm up and underpin prices from where they are today," they told Reuters. "If you look at total stocks right now, they are starting to decline."
Oil stockpiles in industrialised nations were 3.055 billion barrels at the end of February, about 330 million barrels above the five-year average but with the market showing more balance, the International Energy Agency said last month. [IEA/S]
"If the OPEC cuts get rolled into the second half of the year that will underpin oil prices. If they don't get rolled into the second half of the year we will continue to see more volatility," Gilvary said.
OPEC and non-OPEC states meet on May 25 to discuss whether to extend cuts for another six months after June.
"From BP's perspective we're managing things around $50-55 a barrel, that's probably the range we would expect for the rest of the year," they said, adding that prices could climb to the upper end of the range around $55 if the cuts were extended.
Global oil demand is expected to grow by 1.3 million barrels per day this year, they added.
(Reporting by Ron Bousso; Editing by Edmund Blair)
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
- Advertisement -
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that thousands of victims of terrorist attacks overseas cannot sue a foreign bank under a U.S. law dating from the 1700s.
By a 5-4 vote, the court refused to revive lawsuits, dismissed by the lower courts, that sought to hold Arab Bank, which is headquartered in Jordan, responsible for attacks against foreign nationals in the Middle East. More than 6,000 survivors and relatives of those killed in the West Bank and Gaza claimed that officials of the bank were complicit in the attacks.
Beginning in 2004, the victims filed a series of lawsuits accusing the bank of helping to finance Hamas and other terror organizations. The legal action was filed in the U.S. and aimed at Arab Bank through its branch in New York. The lead plaintiff in the case before the Supreme Court, Joseph Jesner, lost their 19-year-old son to a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv.
The lawsuits invoked one of the first laws ever passed by Congress, the Alien Tort Statute of 1789, known as ATS, intended to be a forum for resolving claims of piracy. But Tuesday's ruling said the law did not allow lawsuits of the kind filed by the terror victims.
“Absent further action from Congress, it would be inappropriate for courts to extend ATS liability to foreign corporations,” wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy for the court's majority.
“Courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one.”
March 31Haitong Securities Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 2.20 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
* It will pay A share shareholder in RMB and H share shareholders in HK dollar
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ARZXmj
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
(Adds source of news as chairperson in headline.)
HANOI, March 29 Vietnam's top fuel importer and distributor Petrolimex plans to list all of its shares on the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange on April 21, its chairperson said on Wednesday.
A price for the listing has not been decided, chairperson Bui Ngoc Bao told reporters on the sideline of Petrolimex's listing roadshow, but would not be lower than the price sold to Japanese strategic investor JX Holdings.
Petrolimex's shares are currently traded on Vietnam's over-the-counter market at around 47,000-50,000 dong ($2.02-$2.19) per share, Bao said, bringing the company's value to $2.7-$2.8 billion.
The listing of Petrolimex, which had its initial public offering in 2011, is part of the Vietnamese government's push to privatise state-owned firms to attract investment. Three-fourths of Petrolimex is currently owned by the government JX Holdings owns another 8 percent.
($1=22,765 dong)
(Reporting by Mai Nguyen; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
It was a horrible high-pitched squeal that suddenly made us aware that something serious was happening close by. But little did we expect to see a juvenile stoat attempting to kill a large rabbit just yards from the RSPB Campfield Marsh building where we were eating our picnic lunches.
It was certainly one of nature's less attractive moments, but as we were on a four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday, then it became one of the major talking points with our fellow guests back at HF Holiday's lovely Derwent Bank Hotel during the evening.
Located on the banks of one of Cumbria's most attractive lakes and just over a mile from the town of Keswick in the pretty village of Portinscale, Derwent Bank is one of 18 UK hotels owned by the company which began life as Holiday Fellowship back in 1913.
Surrounded on all sides by mountains, Portinscale's village name has an odd twist for in old English it means 'Harlot's Hut' – Portcwene meaning 'harlot' and skálitranslated as 'hut' – so you can draw your own conclusion as to what went on there!
Britain's Lake District was granted UNESCO World Heritage status just six months ago which positions it with other ‘must see' iconic outdoor destinations such as the Grand Canyon and Great Barrier Reef and I was delighted to be invited there for a four night stay by HF Holidays.
Following an easy four-and-a-half hour drive from Bedford, I was met by 28-year-old Russell Hedley, our wildlife expert and guide for the duration of the holiday. Now I've met several naturalists before, but Russell's knowledge really rubbed off on our group of ten – which included five retired teachers – their sheer enthusiasm seemingly taking everybody's interest in wildlife to a new level.
Sitting together in the hotel's lounge on the first evening, Russell explained that they intended taking us into coniferous forests and deciduous woodland and then to visit wetland habitats in the hope that we might see plenty of wildlife, although they added that the intended itinerary was always subject to change.
Our transport for the Monday to Friday holiday was a Mercedes minibus driven by Bolton-born Nathan Greenhalgh who, just weeks earlier, had been ferrying the cast and crew of the television drama The 'A' Word around its lakeland location.
"I had breakfast with Christopher Eccleston and Lee Ingleby one morning and they were delightful," they said. "However I wasn't allowed to say anything about the filming or the actual locations as it's all very hush hush."
Our first destination on the Tuesday morning was to Whinlatter Forest, the largest human-made plantation on a mountainside in Britain. It was established between the two World Wars in a bid to replace some of the timber used in the Great War.
We spent the morning searching for the elusive red squirrel and despite seeing plenty of signs – and a few colourful crossbills – our quarry remained hidden apart from seeing one on a live camera feed on television once we returned to the forest's visitor centre.
There were plenty of LBJs – Little Brown Jobs – which I failed to identify with my limited knowledge although we spent our lunchtime watching the bird feeders which attracted dozens of blue, coal and great tits, chaffinches and the occasional siskin plus Britain's smallest bird, the goldcrest.
After that we drove off to the other side of Keswick to visit the Great Wood and Frier's Crag before we walked into town alongside the lakeshore where we watched a huge murmuration of starlings, redwings chasing mistle thrushes from tree to tree, a pair of goosanders, a shy kingfisher and a whooper swan which was being hounded by a slightly larger male mute swan.
In total we walked around seven miles and also enjoyed a hot chocolate at the Keswick Theatre restaurant before returning to the hotel for a hot shower before dinner. En route we passed Keswick's quirky Pencil Museum while that evening we were treated to a talk by Keswick Museum's curator who bought along a huge selection of strange objects for us to try and identity and to guess their age and useage.
The following morning we set out for the Woodlands Trust-owned Powter How where Russell pointed out dozens of different fungi and numerous plants but again the squirrels stayed hidden.
Then it was off to lakeland's most northerly mass of water, the four mile long Bassenthwaite Lake in the shadow of the mountains of Blencathra at 868 metres and Skiddow at 931 metres, the latter being the sixth highest peak in England.
It's only found in Bassenthwaite and Derwentwater, but the vendace is one of the world's rarest fish, having been trapped there after the Ice Age. However as the lake has otters and cormorants on its shores, it could well be even rarer – or even extinct – as their quest for food wouldn't distinguish the vendace from any other fish!
Sadly there were no waders but just a few tufted ducks on show so we headed off to the more impressive seven hectare Dubwatch Silver Meadow wetland nature reserve where we first spotted a peregrine falcon while several snipe rose from the boggy landscape to zig-zag away into the distance.
Given that barn owls are common there, we popped into the nearby Pheasant pub to sample their mulled wine before returning to the meadow as dusk began to fall only to find a couple of owl pellets which were carefully dissected by Russell and the group back at the hotel. It revealed that the owl had eaten three individual field voles plus a tiny shrew in the last 24 hours.
Our final full day saw a change of plan, for instead of visiting the re-wilding projects at Ennerdale, Russell arranged for us to travel north to the Solway Firth where the sun shone all day from a cloudless blue sky and gave us excellent views across the water to Dumfries and Galloway in Scotland.
It was also easily our most successful day of wildlife watching as we saw more than 30 bird species, from various waders on the shoreline like dunlin and redshank to numerous winter visitors like fieldfares and whopper swans. And then there was that stoat which managed to disable the unfortunate rabbit only to run away into a nearby barn every time it let out that high-pitched squeal.
But the little stoat returned at least a dozen times before finally ending the poor bunnies misery with a savage bite to the back of the neck. It then proceeded to try and push the rabbit into the barn only to discover that it was much easier to pull it. It took it at least 20 minutes but it was a Lesser learned and it also reminded us that nature itself can be so very cruel.
Walking out onto the boggy Campfield Marsh reserve on a raised walkway, we spotted three roe deer while our hopes of seeing that elusive red squirrel quickly evaporated. However we were treated to watching a large flock of pink-footed geese and four whooper swans fly in to roost for the night.
Over the three days we had spotted and enjoyed seeing 113 different species of birds, plants and fungi, all carefully logged by Russell who present a list to us at our final evening get-together. Oh! and one thing I had never heard of before was that by reversing your binoculars and looking through the 'wrong' end, they become microscope-like when viewing plants or leaves from close quarters.
DERWENT BANK HOTEL
Located on the shore of Derwentwater in the quaint Cumbrian village of Portinscale close to the town of Keswick, the four-star Derwent Bank Hotel has been owned by HF Holidays since 1937 although it actually dates back to 1788 when it was constructed as Finkel Street House by Joseph Pocklington (1736-1817).
However the house has been sold to various owners since then and has undergone some major changes in appearance, its three-storey original having been deemed 'very ugly' by all who saw it, its owner being branded 'A Man With No Taste' by the locals.
Various wings and extensions have been added and major improvements made by its later owners down the years. But the biggest changes came in the early 1900s when wealthy widow Emily Haigh Edmondson (1862-1936) had several walls removed, opening up some of the rooms while adding a number a dated feature like the huge wooden fireplace which stands proudly from floor to ceiling in the current dining room.
However once Holiday Fellowship purchased it together with its 20 plus acres of woodland garden in 1937, they began adding bathrooms, toilets and extending upwards above the current bar/cafe area, bringing the number of bedrooms to 38 – 23 being twins and 15 singles.
Having undergone a total refurbishment just last year, Derwent Bank has everything you need for an outdoor-style holiday, especially with that separate boot room to help with the drying of the wet clothing and footwear, the entire lakes region likely to suddenly change from bright sunshine to a torrential downpour at the drop of a hat.
There are no particular frills inside the building itself which has a large comfortable lounge, a conservatory and bar while its bedrooms are nicely finished. Our premier room (No15) looked out across the lake with its wooden jetty while other rooms faced the extensive flower and vegetable gardens and the hotel's own bee hives.
All the room are nicely furnished and provide plenty of storage while there is the usual television, tea and coffee making facilities and free Wi-Fi while the beds themselves are particularly comfortable.
Derwent Bank currently has 13 staff members under the guidance of its Spanish manager Mariano Marcos-Granados who has been with HF Holidays for a total of 21 years and has headed up the Portinscale operation for more than a decade.
"I've really enjoyed my time here," they told me. "We've got a great staff and we really try and give our guests an enjoyable experience. They are really loyal to the HF Holidays brand and many return years after year and have become good friends.
"Our head chef João is Portuguese and they look to use as much local produce as possible. In fact last night's six-course dinner was pretty much all local produce, even the tapas starter of Serrano ham, chorizo and salami were made here," they added.
While local dishes often include Cumbrian Herdwick lamb, English Lakes ice cream together with numerous Cumbrian cheeses, everything else is supplied by local butchers and grocers. Drinks too are brewed and distilled locally with speciality gin now becoming a firm favourite.
However it was the breakfasts that I particularly loved. A bowl of freshly-made yoghurt with honey and granola plus a fruit juice to start with and then a truly memorable Full English – black pudding, bacon, sausage and hash browns, tomato, beans, fried bread and plenty of mushrooms. While there were plenty of other choices all cooked to order, the former certainly set me up for a day of healthy walking and bird watching in the crisp lakeland air!
There's a choice of lunchtime picnic sandwiches – which you pre-order the night before – while you can then load up your lunch bag with fruit, crisps, pies and healthy snacks before setting off for the day.
It's the same at dinner, for you are able to choose the following evening's three-course meal just after you've eaten the current one and before you meet up with fellow guests in the conservatory for coffee afterwards.
One word of warning… on arrival day we happily tucked into warm scones, jam and cream at 4pm but then struggled through dinner a mere three hours later. Just saying!
FACT FILE
Travel writer Alan Wooding and photographer Alan Stafford was guests of HF Holidays – www.hfholidays.co.uk – on their four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday staying at the Derwent Bank Hotel on the shores of Derwentwater in the village of Portinscale. The hotel is open year round and caters for all outdoor activities, both guided and self-guided walks plus cycling.
Wildlife expert Russell Hedley has worked with HF Holidays for five years and is managing director of Talks & Walks Guided Nature Tours – www.naturetalksandwalks.co.uk, tel: 07505 149582, email russ@naturetalksandwalks.co.uk
Many thanks to Alison Barr and all at Gough Bailey Wright – www.gough.co.uk tel: 01527 579555 – of St John's House, 16 Church Street, Bromsgrove, B61 8DN for arranging the holiday.
HF HOLIDAYS
All HF Holiday country houses welcome self-guided walkers, so you can enjoy the same diverse array of scenery, culture, history and wildlife as the rest of the guests, but with the freedom to explore wherever and whenever you choose. Each of the houses has a Discovery Point packed with a selection of local walks for you to explore. All you need to do is decide how far you feel like walking that day, pick your route card off the wall, lace up your boots and head off.
HF Holidays is actually owned by its members. Standard membership can be brought for a minimum investment of £100 (100 £1 shares) while Investment Membership means an minimum outlay of £1,000 (1,000 £1 shares) – details at www.hfholidays.co.uk/membership or call 020 8732 1290. Membership itself means various rewards, discounts and advanced booking privileges.
With over 100 years' expertise in creating unique breaks, HF Holidays have devised special courses with experts for Photography, Arts & Crafts, Music, Theatre and Festivals, Dancing, Natural World, Mind & Body, Bridge and Touring. And while the majority of these activities take place in Great Britain, there is the opportunity to travel to all parts of the globe by checking out the website at www.hfholidays.co.uk
The 18 HF County Houses inn the UK are:
Chy Morval, St Ives, Cornwall;
Harrington House, Bourton-on-the Water, Cotswolds;
The Pevril of the Peak, Doverdale, Derbyshire;
Freshwater Bay House, Isle of Wight;
Derwent Bank, Portinscale, Cumbria;
Monk Coniston, Coninstonwater, Cumbria;
Longwynd House, Church Stretton, Shropshire;
Abingworth Hall, Abingworth, Sussex;
Craflwyn Hall, Snowdon, Wales;
Dolserau Hall, Dolgellau, Wales;
Alltshellach, Glen Coe, Scotland;
Larpool Hall, Whitby, Yorkshire;
West Lulworth House, Luworth Cove, Dorset;
Holnicote Gouse, Selworthy, Devon;
Nether Grange, Alnmoutrh, Northumberland;
Nythfa House, Brecon, Wales;
Newfield Hall, Malhamdale, Yorkshire Dales;
Thorns Hall, Sedbergh, Yorkshire Dales.
Two months ago, Aston Martin launched its new AMR line of vehicles with a pair of limited-edition cars. One was a slightly warmed-up Rapide sedan called the Rapide AMR, and the other was a track-only Vantage with a race-car-derived V8 called the Vantage AMR Pro. Now the company has released a third, or third and fourth depending on how you're counting, model that splits the difference. The new Vantage AMR, sans the Pro part, is available with either a V8 or a V12 , and can be had as either a coupe or convertible.What make the Vantage AMR special are limited production and aesthetic upgrades. Only 300 examples will be made, 200 of which will have the V8, while the other 100 have the V12. The V8 doesn't make any more power than the standard model, but the V12 produces an extra 30 horsepower over the standard model for a total of 595. Aston Martin also offers an optional titanium exhaust to improve the sound of these engines and reduce weight, but it doesn't change output.Observers of these Astons will be able to spot them by their special paint schemes with a center stripe down the middle. The cars can be had in white with an orange stripe, black with a blue stripe, blue with a red stripe, or silver with a gray stripe. There's also a "Halo Pack" that includes a green paint scheme similar to Aston Martin's GT racing cars, complete with a lime green stripe. There's also a no-cost option to add an Aston Martin badge painted in the colors of the Union Jack. Every color combination comes with a color-coordinated interior, too.Just because this is a very rare Aston Martin doesn't mean there aren't any options. On the contrary, there are quite a few, mostly concerning appearances. On the outside, carbon fiber side skirts, headlight housings, and grille are all available. An aerodynamics kit is also available that adds a big rear wing, front splitter, and front canards for additional downforce. Lightweight forged wheels are also available. Inside, the carbon fiber decoration continues with available seats, instrument surround, window sills, and grab handles.Depending on whether you're converting Euros or British pounds, an Aston Martin Vantage AMR will start between about $125,000 or $143,000. That doesn't really matter, though, since the Vantage AMR won't be offered in the US. It will only be available in the UK, Europe, China, and the Asia Pacific region. Middle Eastern buyers can also pick one up, but only the V12 variant.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
May 3 Kraft Heinz Co, North America's third-largest food and beverage company, reported a 3.1 percent fall in quarterly profit on Wednesday, hurt by a strong dollar and weak demand in the United States and Canada.
The company, which owns brands such as Velveeta cheese and Heinz ketchup, reported net income of $893 million, or 73 cents per share, in the first quarter ended April 1, compared with $896 million, or 73 cents per share, in the year-earlier period.
Net sales fell to $6.36 billion from $6.57 billion. (Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
(Adds official confirmation)
By Corina Pons
CARACAS, April 12 Venezuela and its state oil company PDVSA on Wednesday made $2.6 billion in bond payments, the OPEC country's vice president said on Wednesday, fulfilling heavy debt service that has contributed to the country's economic crisis.
President Nicolas Maduro's government has met commitments to Wall Street investors for years by slashing imports of basic goods such as food and medicine, spurring chronic product shortages. Maduro says the country is victim of an "economic war" led by opposition businesses.
Bondholders earlier told Reuters that PDVSA had made interest and principal payments of $2.2 billion.
The figure provided by Vice President Tareck El Aissami also included interest payments on Venezuela's sovereign debt.
"Despite the ruthless economic war, in conspiracy with local media and foreign news agencies, spurred by imperialists and their internal cronies ... the revolutionary government has paid $2.557 billion," El Aissami said in a statement on Twitter.
The payments due on Wednesday included interest and principal on PDVSA's maturing 2017 bond as well as interest on its 2027 and 2037 notes.
PDVSA's bonds were up across the board, with the benchmark 2022 rising 1.750 points to yield 31.404 percent.
Venezuela's bonds are the highest-yielding of any emerging market security due to concerns about default.
Maduro has dismissed default talk as a smear campaign against their administration. (Reporting by Alexandra Ulmer and Corina Pons; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Bill Trott)
WEST LINN, Ore. (AP) – The Washington County District Attorney's Office says it won't charge the West Linn police chief with driving under the influence of intoxicants in an off-duty encounter with city officers in May because it didn't find enough evidence to prove the allegation beyond a reasonable doubt.
The Oregonian/OregonLive reports (https://goo.gl/tLQ9sB ) the district attorney's office made the announcement Thursday regarding Police Chief Terry Timeus.
Senior Deputy District Attorney Bracken McKey wrote in a memo that officers in the case didn't describe any impaired driving, didn't do field sobriety tests or blood alcohol tests.
The officers said the chief had glassy or bloodshot eyes and slurred their words when they drove up to them May 16 as they were picking up dinner during their shift.
A police department spokesperson declined to say if Timeus was back on the job. Timeus didn't immediately return a telephone call for comment.
COPENHAGEN Denmark on Tuesday banned five Islamic clerics and an American evangelical Christian pastor from entering the country, calling them "hate preachers" who posed threats to public order.
The move came amidst a public backlash in Denmark against Islam in the wake of Islamist violence a decade ago over Danish newspaper cartoons satirising the Prophet Mohammad, a series of deadly militant attacks in Europe including one in Denmark, and a large influx of mainly Muslim migrants in 2015.
The blacklist, the first of its kind in Denmark, arose from legislation passed last year allowing bans on foreign religious figures the government deems to be a danger to public security.
"The government will not accept that hate preachers come to Denmark to preach hatred against Danish society and indoctrinate others to commit violence against women and children, spread ideas about an (Islamic) caliphate and in general undermine our fundamental values," Immigration Minister Inger Stojberg said.
The blacklist includes Islamic cleric Kamal El-Mekki from the United States; Jamaican-born Canadian Bilal Philips, who lives in Qatar; Mohamad al-Arifi and Salman al-Ouda from Saudi Arabia; and Mohammad Rateb al-Nabulsi from Syria.
The sixth person on the list is Terry Jones, a Florida evangelical Christian pastor who in 2010 raised an international outcry when they threatened to burn copies of the Koran.
Stojberg's statement on the ban did not say whether any of the named preachers had been in Denmark. But the law enacted last year said it applied to those for whom there was a "reasonable likelihood" they would enter the country.
It also said behaviour deemed to be hateful could arise from statements or actions whether in Denmark or abroad.
Denmark became a target of radical Islamists in 2005 after the publication of cartoons lampooning the Prophet Mohammad, which led to sometimes deadly protests in the Muslim world.
In 2015, a Danish-born Muslim gunman killed two people in an attack on a debating event and a Copenhagen synagogue before being shot dead by police.
Public sentiment towards Islam and Muslim migrants has soured in long liberal and tolerant Denmark. The European Union country has imposed strict limits on immigration, citing security and cultural concerns.
Anti-Muslim populist parties have gained strength throughout the Nordic region, and elsewhere in Europe, since record numbers of mainly Muslim migrants arrived in 2015. The anti-immigrant Danish Peoples Party is now the second largest in parliament.
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
April 3 Intelgenx Technologies Corp:
* Intelgenx and Tetra Bio-Pharma announce the signing of a definitive agreement for the development and commercialization of a dronabinol xl tablet Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Lions dance in background as NZ stay on toes against Samoa
AUCKLAND The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure their side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
BRUSSELS, April 6 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- Private equity firm 3i, Dutch asset manager APG and Danish pension fund ATP to acquire a portfolio of European infrastructure companies from EISER (approved April 5)
-- French utility Engie to acquire UK property developer Keepmoat Regeneration HOldings (approved April 5)
-- France's Group Credit Mutuel and French bank BNP Paribas to set up a joint venture (approved April 5)
-- Engie Group French banking group BPCE to acquire a 49.9 percent stake in renewable energy companies LCS 4 and LCS (approved March 27)
NEW LISTINGS
-- Volkswagen Financial Services to acquire 50.98 percent of German tank and service cards provide Logpay Transport Services from Logpay Financial Services (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
-- Finnish pension fund ELO Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Swedish peer Forsta AP-fonden to jointly acquire several Finnish property portfolio (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
APRIL 7
-- Twenty-First Century Fox to acquire the rest of European pay-TV company Sky it does not own (notified March 3/deadline April 7)
APRIL 10
-- Danish container shipping company Maersk to acquire German peer Hamburg Sud (notified Feb. 20/deadline extended to April 10 from March 27 after commitments submitted)
APRIL 12
-- U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins to acquire aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace (notified March 8/deadline April 12)
-- U.S. car part supplier Lear to acquire Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business (notified March 8/deadline April 12/simplified)
-- Dutch insurer NN Group to acquire Dutch rival Group Delta Lloyd (notified Feb. 22/deadline extended to April 12 from March 29 after the Dutch competition regulator asked to examine the deal)
APRIL 19
-- Private equity firm Advent International to acquire biometrics and security business Morpho from French aerospace group Safran (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
-- Britain's Rolls-Royce to acquire the remaining 53.1 percent stake in Spanish aircraft engine and components maker Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
APRIL 24
-- French media company Bollore to acquire control of French company Vivendi (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- Bollore Energy, which is part of French group Bollore , and Total Marketing France, which is part of French energy company Total, to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24/simplified)
APRIL 25
-- Private equity firm CVC to acquire Polish retailer Zabka Polska (notified March 16/deadline April 25/simplified)
APRIL 26
-- Investment company Ardian to acquire the majority of France's Prosol, an operator of Grand Frais grocery stores (notified March 17/deadline April 26/simplified)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline April 26)
-- Swiss pharmaceutical supplier Lonza Group to acquire U.S. capsule maker Capsugel from private equity firm KKE & Co LP (notified March 17/deadline April 26)
MAY 2
-- Italian energy company Duferco Energia to acquire a business unit from Italian electricity company Energhe S.p.A. (notified March 22/deadline May 2/simplified)
MAY 4
-- Private investment firm KKR & Co. to acquire travel company Travelopia Holdings Ltd and Travelopia USA Inc. (notified March 24/ deadline May 4/simplified)
MAY 5
-- Japan's Panasonic Corporation to acquire Spanish auto parts maker Ficosa International (notified March 27/deadline May 5)
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 8
-- Swiss car importer Emil Frey France to acquire French car parts distributor PGA Group SAS from German carmaker Volkswagen Group (notified March 28/deadline May 8/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- Taiwan's Ennoconn, which is part of electronics maker Foxconn, to increase its stake in Austrian IT group S&T (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- French media group Vivendi to acquire de facto sole control of Italy's Telecom Italia (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- German carmakers BMW, Daimler and Porsche AG and U.S. peer Ford Motor Co to acquire control of a joint venture (notified March 31/deadline May 12/simplified)
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
May 15
-- Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSPIB) to jointly acquire a portfolio of office and retail properties in New Zealand which is now solely controlled by PSPIB (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm Bain Capital to acquire UK company MKM Building Supplies Ltd (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm KKR and Spanish telecoms provider Telefonica tp acquire joint control of Spanish telecoms infrastructure provider Telxius (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- German conglomerate Peter Cremer Holding to acquire 50 percent of Koenig Transportgesellschaft from German logistics company HaGe Logistik GmbH (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
BRASILIA, April 3 Two landmark corruption trials and the first hurdle for a crucial pension reform mean that April could make or break Brazilian President Michel Temer's presidency, or bring it to an abrupt end.
A Supreme Court judge is due to lift the seal on plea bargain testimony that could lead to the dismissal of five ministers. Temer's reform of Brazil's social security system - key to their plans to restore fiscal discipline - also faces a first vote in committee by mid-April.
But it is a case before the Supreme Electoral Tribunal (TSE), opening on Tuesday, that could do most damage by annulling the 2014 election of impeached ex-president Dilma Rousseff - and their running mate Temer - for illegal campaign funding.
It is the first time the court will rule on a sitting president. A decision to annul the ticket would end Temer's presidency and require Congress to elect a successor within 30 days.
The TSE judge tasked with studying the case, Herman Benjamin, is expected to recommend in a 1,086-page report submitted last week that the court invalidate the election.
If a majority of the seven-member tribunal agrees, Temer, a constitutional lawyer, has said they have plenty of tools for appeal, including taking the case to the overburdened Supreme Court.
Transparency Minister Torquato Jardim believes time is on Temer's side because the appeals process is so slow the case will drag on until Temer's mandate expires at the end of 2018.
"In practical terms, this means that President Temer will not leave office until January 1, 2019," Jardim, a lawyer and a friend of the president, told Reuters.
The TSE has scheduled four sessions this week to hear the case but any judge can ask to study Benjamin's report, postponing the process for weeks if not months.
"The problem is the president will be sub judice, and that implies a loss of political power," said Jardim.
BRIBES
The publication of plea bargain testimony by 77 employees of the Odebrecht engineering conglomerate this month will deliver another bombshell for Temer's scandal-plagued coalition.
It is expected to name hundreds of politicians who took bribes, including Temer's chief of staff and Congressional leaders of their PMDB party. Temer has vowed to suspend ministers who are charged and dismiss them if indicted.
Temer themselves is not being investigated in the investigation, codenamed Operation Car Wash. However, the testimonies may add to evidence in the TSE case.
Folha de S.Paulo newspaper reported on Sunday a federal prosecutor will seek the annulment of the Rousseff-Temer ticket following testimony that Odebrecht illegally paid 112 million reais ($36 million) to the campaign, almost half of it in bribes to obtain favorable tax legislation.
The uncertainty could jeopardize the pension reform on which Temer's success depends. If Temer finds themselves weakened, they may be forced to make more concessions on the bill, which has triggered street protests.
A senior Temer aide, who asked not to be named, said the scandal was holding back Brazil's recovery from its worst recession on record. While inflation has fallen to the lowest rate in three years, investment is yet to recover.
"The next month will be tumultuous because politics and economics will get caught up in the same storm," the aide said, adding that Temer was keen to press ahead with privatizations and the auction of oil and gas rights.
The government has been encouraged by the muted protests against its planned reforms, the aide said: "The risk is not in the streets but in the TSE ... Temer hopes to put that behind them so they can get on with the economic agenda." (Editing by Daniel Flynn and Bernadette Baum)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Site C dam construction work has included extensive earth works and preparations in the riverbed. (B.C. Hydro)
B.C. Premier John Horgan has given the green light to completion of the Site C hydroelectric dam, after B.C. Hydro revised its cost estimate upward by more than $1 billion.
The B.C. NDP cabinet has struggled with the decision, with the project two years in and facing a cost of $4 billion to shut down construction of the third dam on the Peace River and put the site back the way it was.
After hearing from experts for weeks, the government faced an estimate that B.C. Hydro rates are already expected to rise 30 per cent over the next 10 years without the costs of B.C. Hydro.
If the dam is halted, rates would go up another 12 per cent by 2020 to pay the cost. That translates to an extra $198 per year for an average single-family house.
When it proceeds, government officials expect the additional rate increase would be 6.5 per cent when the dam goes into service in 2024. B.C. Hydro would likely apply to the B.C. Utilities Commission to “smooth” that rate increase, raising it in smaller steps to pay for the dam.
Horgan blasted the previous B.C. Liberal government for “megaproject mismanagement” that left the NDP government with little choice.
“It's clear that Site C should never have been started,” Horgan said. “But to cancel it now would add billions to the province's debt – putting at risk our ability to deliver housing, child care, schools and hospitals across B.C. And that's a price we're not willing to pay.”
The risk reserve for Site C has been increased by $700 million to prepare for further costs increases.
more to come…
England's Chief Inspector of Hospitals has told East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust that it must make improvements after it was rated as Requires Improvement by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust provides emergency medical services to Bedfordshire and was rated as Requires Improvement overall following an inspection which took place in March this year, the trust was rated as Outstanding for whether its services were caring and Requires Improvement for whether its services were safe, effective, well-led and responsive.
CQC's Chief Inspector of Hospitals, Professor Ted Baker, said: “Our inspectors found some progress had been made at the East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust, since our previous inspection, but that a number of improvements were still clearly needed. We found improvements had been made with regard to safeguarding, staff understanding of the Mental Capacity Act and incident reporting procedures. But the trust still did not meet national ambulance response standards and over the winter period delays resulted in a number of serious incidents.
“We were also concerned that, at the time of our inspection, staff morale was low. People working at the trust described a culture of late shift finishes, frustration at not being able to provide the service they wanted to due to pressures on the trust and disengagement between front line staff and the senior management team. People said they did not always feel valued, particularly after what had been an exhausting winter.
“However, we found a number of areas of outstanding practice and that staff were overwhelmingly caring and dedicated to providing the best care they could to patients. People who used the service also gave positive feedback.
“We fed our findings back to the trust immediately after our inspection, citing the areas where improvements must be made as a priority, and we have been monitoring the trust, working closely with NHS Improvement and other stakeholders, to help drive through improvements. The trust leadership knows what action it must take to bring about improvement and we will return to inspect and check on its progress.”
East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust acknowledged that there is always room for improvement but it was pleased to see that the CQC recognised improvement across some of the individual areas of rating.
The Trust's Chief Executive Robert Morton said: “Yet again our staff were rated as ‘outstanding' for caring.
“The improvements the CQC saw were in some areas of the Patient Transport Services and our Emergency Operations Centres where we handle and triage 999 calls.
“I'd like to thank everyone who welcomed the inspection team and gave their views, supported our colleagues in providing a wealth of data and information to the CQC before, during and after the inspection, and represented the ‘We Are EEAST' approach to our caring and compassionate work.
“The CQC inspected the Trust at a time when staff were extremely tired and under pressure.. There will always be room for improvement.”
There are several areas where improvements must be made, including that the trust must improve its performance and response times for emergency calls and ensure processes and procedures are consistently applied across the trust.
Risk registers must be reviewed and staff must be appropriately mentored and supported to carry out their roles.
Robert added: “We are aware of the many challenges we face here in the east. Engaging with our staff, across a virtual organisation which is spread out across a area of 7,500 square miles, can be a huge task.
“Our workforce are highly mobile and travel approx 12 million miles a year supporting or delivering the best care we can to patients.
“We are working to ensure the leaders at every level in our organisation are given the time and space to build effective, communicative teams at a local level – particularly during tough periods like winter.
“We are a united Board-level team with a wide range of expertise and experience to help us strengthen our service and help EEAST remain focused on our patients.
“The care we provide for them means we're in the best position ever to provide the modern, high-quality and sustainable health services our communities need.
“With the right investment, including £11.5m of additional funding this year - we will get better and better.”
In far too many cases of animal cruelty, someone knew about the abuse but didn't report it.
If you see an animal being a bused or just suspect something, be sure to let someone know!
PETA's files are filed with cases of animals that died from abuse because no one took action.
Call your local humane society or the police and report it! For more info call 757-622-PETA. B96 Cares!
Health chiefs and care professionals have described the care home ‘crisis' in Harrogate as ‘a perfect storm'.
The claims by the Chair of the Scrutiny of Health Commission for North Yorkshire, Councillor Jim Clark, follow “shocking” new insolvency figures.
The logo of French cosmetics group L'Oréal is seen on the company's building in Clichy, near Paris February 12, 2015. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
SEOUL South Korea's CJ Corp said on Wednesday it is considering entering a bid for L'Oréal SA's (OREP.PA) brand The Body Shop.
CJ Corp, the holding company for food-to-entertainment conglomerate CJ Group, said in a regulatory filing nothing had been decided, including whether it would enter a bid or what unit might launch any potential bid.
L'Oréal's sale of British retailer The Body Shop has drawn interest from a series of private equity investors who are lining up indicative bids ahead of a mid-April deadline, sources told Reuters last month.
(Reporting by Joyce Lee; Editing by Paul Tait)
DUBAI Saudi British Bank 1060.SE (SABB), the kingdom's sixth-largest lender by assets, posted a 9.3 percent drop in first-quarter net profit, meeting analysts' forecasts as operating expenses rose.
The bank, an affiliate of HSBC Holdings (HSBA.L), said on Wednesday it made 1.04 billion riyals (£221.85 million) in the three months ended March 31, compared with 1.14 billion in the same period a year earlier, according to a bourse filing.
Three analysts surveyed by Reuters had on average expected the bank to post a net profit of 983.14 million riyals.
The bank attributed the drop in net profit primarily to higher operating expenses, which rose 19.7 percent as a result of a rise in provisions for credit losses and impairments of other assets.
Saudi companies issue brief earnings statements early in the reporting period before publishing more detailed results later.
Operating income for the quarter rose 1.6 percent to 1.82 billion riyals, while profit from special commissions increased 12 percent to 1.25 billion riyals.
Lower government spending as a result of reduced oil prices has created headwinds for banks, leading to lower net interest income and, in some cases, a rise in provisions for bad loans.
SABB's loans and advances at the end of March stood at 119.49 billion riyals, falling 8.5 percent against the same point of 2016, while deposits dipped 6.8 percent to 141.57 billion riyals.
(Reporting by Tom Arnold; Editing by David Holmes)
Polypropylene (PP) is the second most important standard plastic after polyethylene, compatible with many processing technologies, and used for the most diverse applications ranging from packaging to household appliances, clothes, and vehicles.
Market Study Polypropylene 4
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Plastics
• Polypropylene
• Producers Industry:
• Industrial Location:
• Konstanz - Baden-Württemberg - Germany
Contact
Martin Ebner
***@ceresana.com Martin Ebner
End
-- Ceresana analyzed the global market for polypropylene already for the fourth time. The latest report of the market research company expects the demand for this type of plastics to grow by, on average, 3% per year until 2024.The most important sales market for polypropylene in 2016 was flexible packaging with a demand volume of 17.66 million tonnes. Widely spread every-day products such as shrink-wrap packaging, shopping bags, and packaging for cigarettes or snacks are included. The production of rigid packaging, such as yoghurt cups, containers, bottles, and closures of all kinds ranked second. Since it is one of the most versatile packaging materials, polypropylene can assert itself against the competition of PET and other plastics. The application areas consumer goods and fibers followed.Injection molding is an important processing technology in the plastics industry and of special importance for polypropylene in particular. The comparatively fast process is used for the production of large volumes of identical goods ranging from disposable products to highly complex precision components. The types of molded parts made are almost limitless. In 2016, almost 23 million tonnes of PP were processed in injection molding. The analysts of Ceresana forecast growth rates of 3.4% per year in the upcoming eight years for this process.Polypropylene is a semi-crystalline thermoplastic polymer. Besides uniform homopolymers, there are various copolymers such as random and block copolymers. These plastic types have mainly similar characteristics, different properties, however, help with the choice of the best material for specific applications and a desired budget. Polypropylene copolymers will presumably account for notably higher growth rates compared to homopolymers until 2024.Chapter 1 provides a thorough presentation and analysis of the market for polypropylene – including forecasts up to 2024: Development of demand, revenues, and production is analyzed for each individual region.Chapter 2 examines the 27 most important national markets individually. Besides seven EU states, countries like Russia, the USA, China, India, Japan, and South Africa are also included. Data on demand, revenues, trade, production, and capacity are provided for each country. Furthermore, demand is analyzed in regard to the individual application areas, product types (homopolymer / copolymer), and processing technologies (injection molding / films & sheets - extrusion / other extrusion / other technologies)Chapter 3 analyzes the application areas of PP in detail. The segments flexible packaging, rigid packaging, fibers, transportation, electrical & electronics, consumer goods, construction industry, and other applications are examined. This chapter deals with the demand per country split by the respective sales market.Chapter 4 provides useful company profiles of the largest producers of polypropylene – clearly arranged according to contact details, turnover, profit, product range, production sites, capacities, and profile summary. In-depth profiles of 91 producers are given, including Borealis, Braskem, CNPC, ExxonMobil, Formosa Plastics, LyondellBasell, Reliance, SABIC, Sinopec, and Total.Further information:Ceresana is an internationally leading market research and consulting company for the industry. For 15 years, Ceresana has been supplying several thousand customers from 60 countries with up-to-date market intelligence. Extensive market knowledge creates new prospects for strategic and operational decisions. Ceresana's clients profit from implementation-oriented consulting services, tailor-made single-client studies and more than 100 independent multi-client market studies. Ceresana's analysts are experts on the following markets: chemicals, plastics, industrial goods, and packaging.Learn more about Ceresana at http://www.ceresana.com/ en
Danny Kay Cloud hosts Hidden Figures private screening
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Tech
* Education
* Teens Industry:
* Technology Location:
* Houston - Texas - US Subject:
* Companies
Contact
Krystal Carter
***@dannykaycloud.com Krystal Carter
End
-- Houston-based company, Danny Kay Cloud, is joining forces with local non-profit WHYS Girlsto host Houston's inaugural Tech in Color event,A select group of 40 girls will be chosen to attend the screening on Jan. 17 at River Oaks District's new iPic Theaters. The event will feature a private showing of 20th Century Fox's new release,, a three-course dinner followed by a panel discussion led by women in the tech industry.The brain-child of Krystal D. Carter, president and chief cloud enthusiast of Danny Kay Cloud (DKC), the event aims to expose young women to career possibilities in the technology industry."We want to expose girls of color to the tech industry, provide these girls with a network of like-minded peers who will challenge each other to grow, and kick-start an exciting learning path in the world of technology...and have fun while doing it," said Carter.Teen girls, ages 13 - 18, have an opportunity to submit a short video essay responding to one of two "Why Tech" questions to be considered for selection.Carter describesas the perfect vehicle to inspire young women to consider careers in technology. Released at select theaters on Christmas Weekend, the movie shares the incredible untold story of three brilliant African-American women, working at NASA, who served as the brains behind the historic space launch that put astronaut John Glenn in orbit."I couldn't think of a better opportunity to launch DKC's first event," Carter continued. "I know firsthand the immeasurable benefits of mentorship, exceptional training, and being surrounded by like-minded peers, each guided most importantly by the knowledge that someone who looks like you is successful in the field."The Houston native has plans to continue working with this group of teens by hosting future events that will equip them with the knowledge and tools to continue their education in the technology field."When children stand on the shoulders of giants, what they see is a bright world of possibility ahead of them," said Carter. "I am thrilled to have SKUID and Salesforce.com Developers join us as Dorothy Vaughn sponsors in supporting Houston's future women in technology."Teens interested in exploring the technology field can apply at dannykaycloud.com/movie by Thursday, Jan. 5. Winning entries will be announced on Monday, Jan. 9.For more information, contact Krystal Carter at tmttm@dannykaycloud.com or visit www.dannykaycloud.com/events ( http://dannykaycloud.com/ events ).Houston-based cloud consulting company, Danny Kay Cloud specializes in cloud application implementations, business process improvement, and end-user and administrator training. Our goal is the help our clients do business better by streamlining and optimizing processes wrought with manual dependencies. We have over a decade of expertise implementing solutions with Salesforce.com, applications built on the Force.com platform, and substantial experience implementing Apttus's Contract Lifecycle Management tool. DKC's leadership leverages its experience with many industries like oil & gas, pharmaceuticals, and technology to design solutions that are strategic, scalable and self-sufficient. For more information, visit www.dannykaycloud.com WHYS Girls is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization serving the Greater Houston, Texas area. Our mission is to equip young women with the wisdom and skills that they need to succeed in the classroom and beyond. Our goal is for every young woman that we work with to graduate high school prepared for whatever path they choose next. We offer life skills training in the form of classes, workshops, and conferences in the Greater Houston area. For more information, visit www.whysgirls.org.
Bob Fisher
TONIGHT
= AM-1300 KGLO, kgloam.com — Hawk Talk — 7:00
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) – Jonathan Stewart ran for 103 yards and three touchdowns, and the Carolina Panthers snapped the Minnesota Vikings' eight-game winning streak with a 31-24 victory Sunday.
Cam Newton threw for 137 yards and a touchdown and ran for 75 yards as the Panthers (9-4) racked up 216 yards on the ground against the league's No. 2 ranked defense to pull even with the Saints atop the NFC South standings.
Carolina sacked Case Keenum six times and forced three turnovers to keep the Vikings (10-3) from clinching the NFC North division title.
Minnesota couldn't manage a first down on its final drive and turned the ball over on downs.
The Panthers seemed in control midway through the fourth quarter leading 24-13 after Newton made an off-balance throw to Devin Funchess for an 18-yard touchdown, and Mario Addison's strip-sack set up Graham Gano's field goal.
But the Vikings came charging back to tie it as Keenum hooked up on a 52-yard scoring strike on a crossing route. Blake Bell added 2-point conversion catch to cut the lead to three.
On Carolina's next possession, Vikings safety Andrew Sendejo intercepted Newton on a ball that sailed off the hands of Christian McCaffrey and returned it to the Carolina 6. But Carolina's defense had a huge stop, holding the Vikings to a field goal leaving the game tied with 3:07 left.
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) – Josey Jewell of Iowa has won the Lott IMPACT Trophy as the college defensive player having the biggest influence on their team.
The other finalists were Micah Kiser of Virginia, Harrison Phillips of Stanford and Minkah Fitzpatrick of Alabama.
Jewell received the award Sunday night from Ronnie Lott at the Pacific Club in Newport Beach. It goes to a player with strong academic work, community involvement and team leadership.
The senior linebacker from Decorah, Iowa, had 136 tackles, 13.5 tackles for losses and 11 passes broken up this season. They were an All-Big Ten selection and also was an academic All-Big Ten selection, with a 3.0 GPA as an environmental study major.
Iowa will receive $25,000 for its general scholarship fund.
The Hawkeyes play Boston College in the Pinstripe Bowl on Dec. 27.
AMES — Iowa State coach Matt Campbell has been trying to get their starters some rest as the Cyclones begin bowl preparations. Iowa State will play Memphis in the December 30th Liberty Bowl. Campbell says game prep will heat up after final exams.
Campbell says up to this point the extra practice has been to allow younger players to get extra reps.
Liberty Bowl officials expect the game to be a sellout as both schools have sold their allotment of tickets to the game.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) – Former Detroit Tigers teammates Jack Morris and Alan Trammell have been elected to the baseball Hall of Fame.
Morris, who also pitched for the Minnesota Twins and Toronto Blue Jays, and Trammell were chosen Sunday by a 16-man panel that considered candidates from the sport's modern era.
Morris posted 254 wins. The right-hander's most famous victory was a 10-inning shutout, winning 1-0 for Minnesota over Atlanta in Game 7 of the 1991 World Series.
Trammell was a six-time All-Star and four-time Gold Glover at shortstop. They scored 1,231 runs and drove in 1,003 while batting .285.
Trammell and Morris teamed to help the Tigers win the 1984 World Series.
Former catcher Ted Simmons fell one vote short of election and former players' union head Marvin Miller was five shy of the 12 needed for election.
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) – Freshman Luka Garza had 23 points and 13 rebounds to help Iowa snap a four-game skid with a 91-60 win over Southern on Sunday.
Connor McCaffery made the first appearance of their career Sunday afternoon for the Hawkeyes (5-6) after missing the first 10 games with a sprained ankle followed by illness. The first-year student played 17 minutes and had five points, four assists, and three rebounds in their debut.
Aaron Ray had 12 points to lead Southern (2-8).
Iowa's offense started off slow and Southern led by 6 points with 8:28 left in the first half. From there on, it was all Iowa. The Hawkeyes went on a 24-8 run to end the first half and outscored the Jaguars 50-29 in the second.
Iowa is now 5-6. The Hawkeyes face Drake in the Hy-Vee Classic on Saturday in Des Moines.
AMES, Iowa (AP) – Donovan Jackson scored 25 points, including a career-high seven 3s, Cameron Lard had 15 points with 11 rebounds and Iowa State held off Alcorn State 78-58 on Sunday for its seventh straight win.
Lindell Wigginton scored 16 points for the Cyclones (7-2), who were forced to rally from an early 9-point deficit against arguably the worst team on their schedule.
The Cyclones, fresh off an emotional home win over rival Iowa, were sluggish – to say the least – from the opening tip. Alcorn State (2-8) took advantage, knocking down four of their first five tries from 3-point range for a 14-5 lead.
Though Iowa State eventually grabbed a slim lead, Dante Sterling's 4-point play with 55.4 seconds left in the first half helped the Braves stay within 33-32 by the break.
Iowa State opened the second half on a 15-3 run, highlighted by 3s from Jackson and Wigginton, to push its lead to 48-35 with 15:33 left. The Cyclones held a comfortable lead for the rest of the game, outscoring the overwhelmed Braves 45-26 in the second half.
Devon Brewer scored 15 points for Alcorn State.
Iowa State faces Northern Iowa on Saturday in the Hy-Vee Classic in Des Monies
CEDAR FALLS, Iowa (AP) – Bennett Koch totaled 12 points and seven rebounds and Isaiah Brown and reserve Wyatt Lohaus scored 11 apiece to power Northern Iowa to an 80-47 victory over Division III member Dubuque on Sunday.
Koch opened the scoring with a layup, Brown followed with a pair of 3-pointers and Northern Iowa shot out to a 15-0 lead.
Northern Iowa (8-2) shot better from outside the 3-point arc than inside it. The Panthers buried 57 percent of their 3-pointers (12 of 21), but made just 15 of 35 from 2-point range (48 percent).
Jamaree Atwater topped the Spartans with 16 points, but they made only 6 of 21 shots from the floor, including 2 of 8 from long range. Atwater added eight rebounds and two steals. Dubuque shot 27 percent from the floor.
Northern Iowa had 14 different players score.
The Panthers lead the all-time series 12-8 and have won nine straight against the Spartans dating back to the 1924-25 season.
WAHPETON, NORTH DAKOTA — The NIACC women picked up a couple of wins at the North Dakota State College of Science Circle of Nations Classic over the weekend. On Friday, NIACC erased a four-point deficit late in overtime, with UU Longs hitting a layup to give the Lady Trojans a 78-77 victory over NDSCS. Laker Ward and Khalilah Holloway each had 15 points with Holloway also grabbing 15 rebounds. The NIACC women rolled in Saturday's game, beating Dakota-Bottineau 106-47. Shayley Vesel had 21 points to lead the Lady Trojans. NIACC is now 12-1 on the season and is off until they travel to the Illinois Central Holiday Classic, facing Kalamazoo Valley Community College in the first round on Thursday December 28th.
QUAD CITIES — The NIACC men split a pair of games on their weekend road trip to the Quad Cities. Sophomore Jacob Payne had 11 points, nine rebounds and four steals to lead the NIACC men on Saturday over the St. Ambrose JV 95-58. On Sunday, NIACC dropped a 101-93 overtime decision to the Augustana College JV. NIACC is now 10-3 and will host the Association Free Lutheran Bible School on Saturday in their final game before the holiday break.
AMES — The 8th-ranked in Class 4A Mason City High girls suffered a pair of losses over the weekend, as you heard on AM-1300 KGLO. After dropping a tough loss at home to Johnston on Friday night xx-xx, the Mohawks fell short on the road in Ames 81-67. Megan Meyer had 28 points while Hannah Faktor added 20. Mason City drops to 3-5 on the season and are off until Friday night when they travel to Marshalltown.
AMES — A 22-point second quarter lifted Ames past Mason City 65-53 in the boys game, as you also heard on KGLO. Jarvorious Toney had 18 points, Ben Pappas had 12 and Dylan Miller added 10 for the Mohawks in the loss. The Mason City boys are 2-4 on the season and are also off until Friday when they travel to Marshalltown.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) – Karl-Anthony Towns had 28 points, Jimmy Butler scored 10 of their 22 in the fourth quarter and the Minnesota Timberwolves held on for a 97-92 win against the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday night.
Towns added 12 rebounds, including four on the offensive end, for their NBA-leading 21st double-double of the season. Minnesota committed 18 turnovers but hit four free throws at the end to pull away in a game in which no team led by more than six points.
Jamal Crawford had 16 points off the bench for the Timberwolves.
Harrison Barnes scored 19 and Maxi Kleber tied a career high with 16 points for Dallas, which has lost three in a row. J.J. Barea sparked the Mavericks with 14 of their 16 in the second half, including a pair of free throws with 24.9 seconds left to pull Dallas to 93-92.
But Crawford and Taj Gibson each hit a pair of free throws to secure the victory for Minnesota, its third in the past four games.
Barea hit a 3 to tie the game 77-all.
MASON CITY — The North Iowa Bulls had a 30-goal weekend as they swept Rochester 17-0 on Friday night in Mason City and 13-0 in Rochester on Saturday night. The Bulls racked up 101 shots in the two contests. Josh Arnold scored four goals in each game to lead North Iowa. The Bulls have won eight games in a row and are off until next Sunday when they play in the NA3HL Showcase in Blaine Minnesota.
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) – Nino Niederreiter was frustrated at losing the puck during overtime. Once they got it back, they aren't going to let another opportunity pass.
Niederreiter scored 3:26 into the extra period and the Minnesota Wild beat the San Jose Sharks 4-3 on Sunday night after squandering a three-goal lead.
Eric Staal scored twice and Ryan Murphy added a goal as the Wild extended their winning streak over the Sharks to four games.
Brent Burns scored twice for the Sharks, who had won five of seven.
FILE PHOTO: A woman walks at the Bund in front of the financial district of Pudong in Shanghai March 5, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI As China's banks prepare for a rigorous quarterly inspection of their books by the central bank, the ructions in money markets and an explosion in inter-bank borrowing show how addicted they are to risky methods of funding and investments.
For the first time since it was launched last year, the Macro Prudential Assessment, or MPA, will include off-balance sheet wealth management products to give authorities a better sense of potential risks to the financial system.
Wealth management products (WMPs), often linked to shadow banking, have seen explosive growth in the last few years even as authorities try to contain risks from a rapid build-up in debt.
Banks which fail the assessment are believed to face stiff penalties, though the results are not publicly released. The People's Bank of China (PBOC) will conduct the MPA at the end of this month.
Ahead of the review, Chinese banks have rushed to make their books look healthier, hoarding cash and curbing lending.
That has tightened cash conditions more than usual heading into the end of the month and the quarter. Short-term rates CN7DRP=CFXS have trebled to as much as 9 percent in a few weeks, pushing up bond yields and rattling the stock market.
Some lenders have rushed to buy more liquid assets and sold-off riskier loans.
"Ensuring liquidity is the priority now ahead of the MPA,” said Qiu Gaoqing, an economist with Bank of Communications.
Qiu says the Chinese model wherein banks finance longer-term risky investments with short-term money is unsustainable, but the immediate priority for banks has been to stay liquid to ensure they receive a passing grade.
Analysts believe banks are assessed on seven parameters including asset quality, capital adequacy, their proportion of liquid assets and the stability of their funding.
China's banks extended a record 12.65 trillion yuan ($1.84 trillion) of loans in 2016, despite worries about dangers of the explosive jump in credit.
Banks' wealth management product portfolio was 26.28 trillion yuan ($4.04 trillion) at the end of June 2016. It had risen 42 percent in a year, and analysts estimate it rose a further 4 trillion yuan in the second half of 2016.
"We're still adopting a wait-and-see approach, because we don't really know exactly what the regulators want," said a person in the wealth management products department at one of China's five listed state-owned banks.
Hu Wenhao, an analyst at Northwest Securities, says banks need to shrink their wealth management business, pare bond exposure and reduce funding to non-bank financial institutions.
China CITIC Bank (601998.SS)vice-president and chief financial officer Fang Heying told Reuters at an earnings conference that the economy was just at the starting point for financial de-leveraging.
They said the bank needs to take a capital-light, asset-light and cost-light path, and the first steps would be to adjust the structure of its balance sheet.
- For graphic on 'China's wealth management products' click: tinyurl.com/krb9xok
SHADOW BANKING
Because they are unwilling to unwind their WMP portfolios in a hurry, banks have raced to borrow from each other over the past few months via negotiable certificates of deposit (NCDs). These aren't as yet included in the MPA estimates for interbank liabilities, on which there are limits.
Inter-bank CD issuance surged 140 percent last year to 13.3 trillion yuan.
One trillion yuan worth were issued in January and nearly twice that in February. As of mid-March, total outstanding NCDs stood at 3.84 trillion yuan, compared with just 1.4 trillion at the end of June 2015.
Some analysts believe the PBOC will include NCDs in future quarterly assessments.
"Banks and regulators have always been playing a game of cat and mouse," said Zheng Lianghai, analyst at Donghai Securities Co.
"No bank is willing to be the first to retreat voluntarily, even if that means suffering losses, as some banks have been borrowing money at all costs to sustain their liquidity".
The process has been slow, but there is anecdotal evidence that banks are pruning high-risk portfolios linked to shadow banking as regulators slowly clamp down on the sector.
"We've seen a 30 to 40 percent decrease in funds from banks since October last year,” said Du Yang, the managing director at Yaozhi Asset Management Co. LLP, a private fund that helps banks handle money they raise from wealth management products.
"For example, some banks which previously handed over 3 billion yuan, have now shrunk this amount to 1 billion,” said Du, adding that banks have also started taking such business in-house rather than using private funds.
Because most of the cash in wealth management products is channeled into bonds, analysts expect banks would gradually have to cut their exposure to bonds.
“The MPA would have a relatively big impact on the bond market," said Northwest's Hu.
So far though, the impact has been contained within money markets, mainly seen in a surge in demand and rates on overnight loans and NCDs.
"Leverage is like drugs. Once you're addicted to it, it's difficult to get rid of it,” Zheng said.
($1 = 6.8926 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Additional reporting by Shu Zhang in BEIJING; Writing by Vidya Ranganathan; Editing by Kim Coghill)
May 3 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
* ITV bought a majority holding in World Productions, the company behind the popular BBC series "Line of Duty," for an undisclosed sum. bit.ly/2oVqI2f
* Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, the private equity giant, has expressed anger at Barclays' CEO Jes Staley's alleged behaviour relating to a battle it is waging against Jorge Nitzan, the brother of Staley's wife. bit.ly/2oVAFwC
The Guardian
* It will take an extra 15 billion pounds ($19.41 billion) of spending cuts or tax rises to eliminate the budget deficit by the time of the 2022 election, the Institute for Fiscal Studies said as it laid bare the damaging legacy of the financial crisis on UK living standards and public finances. bit.ly/2oVfNp0
* Alitalia has filed for administration for the second time in a decade, a move that could see the troubled Italian national carrier restructured, sold or finally wound up. bit.ly/2oVdyCt
The Telegraph
* The London Stock Exchange has fired back at Brussels' proposal to restrict London's ability to host euro-clearing, warning that any restriction on the clearing of Euro swaps would "damage European issuers, savers, investors, pension funds and intermediaries." bit.ly/2oVzaP5
* Morgan Stanley has sold Affinity Water for 1.6 billion pounds to a consortium of investors including FTSE 250 investor HICL Infrastructure and German insurance giant Allianz. bit.ly/2oVujNJ
Sky News
* Some 300 jobs are to be created and many more safeguarded in a 100 million pounds deal to sell part of Tata Steel's operations in the UK. bit.ly/2oVkIWY
* Staff at Ineos' petrochemical plant in Grangemouth have been evacuated due to a gas leak that police have described as a "major incident." Ineos confirmed the leak at the petrochemical plant on Twitter, adding: "Our on-site responders are continuing to manage the incident with support from the emergency services." bit.ly/2oVhvqq
The Independent
* Banks stung their customers with a combined 300 million pounds in unarranged overdraft fees last year, often for going only a few pounds over their agreed limit, according to research by price comparison service uSwitch. ind.pn/2oVlxPO
* More than half of university students are now forced to pay more than 100 pounds per week for accommodation as rents have soared in recent years, accommodation search engine University Cribs found. ind.pn/2oVfFGp
($1 = 0.7730 pounds) (Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru)
Play-Based Preschool Now Open For Enrollment In Downtown Denver
The Goddard School - Denver 3
Contact
Brandy Shuman | Konnect Agency
***@konnectagency.com Brandy Shuman | Konnect Agency
End
-- Goddard Systems, Inc. (GSI), the franchisor of The Goddard School® preschool system, announces its latest school in Denver, CO is open. Located at 3914 King St. in the Highlands region of downtown Denver, the new school is operated by husband-and-wife franchisees, David and Allison McMurtry.David, a veteran of the educational and foster care systems with nearly two decades of teaching and admissions experience, met Allison in 2013. Prior to their meeting, Allison's son attended two different locations of The Goddard School as a young boy. With David's educational background, and Allison's first-hand experience watching their son Colin benefit from The Goddard School's holistic learning philosophy, the McMurtrys began considering ownership of their own location of the preschool franchise in 2015. They ultimately chose to occupy a historic building just northwest of downtown Denver that has been utilized for more than 100 years to serve the youth in the area. In fact, the couple was so touched by the building's unique history, they are planning to install a "history wall" within the school that will showcase old community newspaper clips, photos, and letters which pay tribute to the people and stories that make up the area's rich past.The Goddard School preschool system prides itself on its unique dual-management system, a distinguisher in the early childhood education industry. Franchise owners are onsite at each location and work alongside an educational director, whose focus is to communicate and work with teachers, as well as to implement The Goddard School curriculum. This system ensures a hands-on, community-focused approach when it comes to early childhood education. With each school opening, The Goddard School also has a local economic impact, creating an average of 20 to 25 jobs within the community.The Goddard School's play-based approach, called Fun, Learning Experience (or F.L.EX.®), is grounded in research on how children learn best: children experience the deepest, most genuine learning when they are having fun.At The Goddard School, the focus is on building each child's emotional, academic, social, creative and physical skills to provide a well-rounded experience and ensure each one becomes confident, joyful and fully prepared in school and in life."With nearly 30 years of experience in early childhood education, The Goddard School's unique dual-management system creates lasting community bonds as owners are on-site at the Schools to provide support to the communities they serve," said Joe Schumacher, Chief Executive Officer of Goddard Systems, Inc. "One area that truly sets us apart from other childcare systems is our philosophy based on learning through play, designed to teach and reinforce 21st century skills, including social behaviors such as communication, critical thinking, creativity and collaboration. This philosophy fosters a lifelong love of learning and creates meaningful connections at an early age."Jobs relating to STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics)are currently the fastest growing segment of the U.S. economy, and a focus on developing 21st century skills such as creativity and innovation, as well as the abilities to collaborate, communicate and think critically, is expected to increase over time. By introducing 21st century skill concepts early on, children develop a strong foundation and a passion for STEAM at the very beginning of their education."Having experienced the positive impact that The Goddard School made on Colin's successes in and outside of the classroom, Allison and I knew this was the only childcare franchise we were interested in pursuing" said owner David McMurtry. "The Goddard School is more than just a preschool; we are a community and a family. We look forward to becoming a greater extension of the Denver community."The Goddard School located in Denver (Highlands), CO can be found at 3914 King St., Denver, CO 80211. Please call 303-800-0225 or email Denver3CO@goddardschools.com. For general information and franchising opportunities, please visit http://www.goddardschoolfranchise.com ABOUT THE GODDARD SCHOOL® FRANCHISEThe Goddard School Franchise, franchisor of The Goddard School preschools, is consistently named one of the top childcare franchises in the United States by Entrepreneur magazine, and one of the Top 200 Franchise Systems (in worldwide sales) by Franchise Times. Headquartered in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, The Goddard School franchise currently licenses more than 460 franchised Schools with more than 65,000 students in 36 states. The Goddard School's AdvancED- and Middle States-accredited F.L.EX.® Learning Program (Fun Learning Experience), a comprehensive play-based curriculum developed with early childhood education experts, provides the best childhood preparation for social and academic success. With a proven system in place and a strong network of dedicated franchisees, The Goddard School Franchise is the acknowledged leader in franchised childcare and a premier educational childcare provider. For more information, visit http://www.goddardschoolfranchise.com.
BROWNSVILLE, Texas (AP) — It will be first come, first served for two states wanting to take custody of a Minnesota woman who is suspected in two killings.
Lois Riess waived extradition Monday before a judge in Brownsville, Texas. The 56-year-old fugitive was the subject of a national hunt after their husband, David Riess, was found fatally shot last month at their home in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota.
Authorities believe Lois Riess fled to Florida and killed Pamela Hutchinson to assume their identity. Hutchinson was found dead with gunshot wounds earlier this month in Fort Myers Beach, Florida.
New System Provides Path to Smarter, Faster, Easier Broadcasting on a Budget
Contact
Radoslav Toth
***@streamstar.com Radoslav Toth
End
-- Redwood, CA -- Streamstar®, award-winning developer of advanced live production and streaming tools, is making x-tremely affordable broadcasting available to those with even the most modest budgets with the launch of Streamstar X2, an x-traordinary live production and streaming studio. Streamstar X2 is designed to bring a reasonably priced broadcast system to organizations with less demanding requirements, such as individual schools, single churches or local sports clubs. Streamstar X2 will be introduced at NAB 2017 with the world's first live demonstrations to be conducted in Booth SL 6124.Streamstar X2, a streamlined version of its larger siblings X4 and X7, comprises all their professional functions without compromising quality. Packaged in the same compact 2RU footprint, the system's feature list includes replays and slo-mo on all channels, media playlists, a host of graphics capabilities, an internal character generator and an intuitive, touch screen user interface.The new unit supports two HDMI and two NDI inputs, two IP streams and features a maximum streaming resolution of 1080p."Now everyone can afford broadcast quality production and streaming," says Radoslav Toth, Streamstar CEO. "We've rounded out our X-series with an amazing little system that brings all the features and functionality required for professional quality live production and streaming, but with fewer inputs and outputs allowing us to keep the price attractive to markets with more modest budgets. For $3495, a small organization can possess a feature-rich, broadcast-caliber system."Streamstar X2, being demonstrated in Booths SL 6124 at NAB2016, will be offered at $3495.Streamstar, established in 2005, is a trailblazing technology company specializing in quality, innovative software and hardware tools for the streaming video industry.Production companies and channels around the globe rely on the company's products to deliver real‐time, high‐quality content to millions of viewers.For more information:Streamstar contact:Name: Radoslav TothEmail: info@streamstar.com Tel US: US: 650-294-9918 (https://www.streamstar.com/dealers/)Tel Europe: EU: +421 915 876 597
ULAANBAATAR (Reuters) - A statue of the Beatles in the Mongolian capital of Ulaanbaatar could be at risk amid an alleged land grab, protesters say, as rapid development turns a city once famed for wide open spaces into a cluttered metropolis.
Residents are protesting against plans to build commercial properties in an area known as Beatles Square, where a bronze bas-relief monument to the "Fab Four" commemorates the former Soviet satellite's transition to democracy in 1990.
"For a long time there were stories about construction on the land, but nobody wanted to believe it," said Tsoggerel Uyanga, a community organiser and senior partner at research group MAD Investment Solutions.
The monument, erected in 2008 with donations from politicians, business people and artists, marks the site where Mongolians gathered to talk about banned Western pop music and soon became a quirky tourist attraction.
The music of the Beatles, Abba, and other Western pop groups helped launch the "Rock and Roll Communist Revolution" that inspired a generation to fight for Mongolian democracy thirty years ago.
The protests began after an August 2 announcement that construction work would start, with residents calling the project a "land grab" and expressing fears the Beatles statue could be moved or even demolished.
Authorities have defended the development as part of a "car-free street" project to build an underground shopping complex complete with street gardens.
A statue of the Beatles is seen in front of a shopping centre in Mongolia's capital, Ulaanbaatar, August 9, 2017. Terrence Edwards
A lawyer for Mongolia's National Construction Association said there were no plans to remove the Beatles statue, however.
"By implementing the project, there are a great deal of advantages, such as increasing jobs and reducing traffic congestion," said D. Uuganbayar, the lawyer.
A woman passes by a statue of the Beatles in Mongolia's capital, Ulaanbaatar, August 9, 2017. Terrence Edwards
The national association, the city government and a private contractor called "Buti" are leading the project.
Congestion and pollution have grown in the capital as its population has doubled over the last two decades, with thousands of impoverished herders flocking to settle in makeshift residential areas.
The strain on Ulaanbaatar's infrastructure has forced the city to rethink its planning of urban spaces, and drawn criticism for the sale of public land to wealthy buyers.
Investors have failed in the past to deliver on promises to protect public spaces affected by development, Uyanga said, pointing to the Bogd Khan conservation area where the World Bank had raised concerns about overdevelopment.
"It became a black market for land authorities during the early democratic years," said Uyanga.
NEW YORK, April 12 Comedian and actor Charlie Murphy died in their sleep at a New York hospital on Wednesday at age 57 after suffering from leukemia, entertainment media reported.
Murphy, whose younger brother is "Coming to America" and "The Nutty Professor" star Eddie Murphy, was a cast member and sketch writer on Comedy Central's "Chappelle's Show."
The Brooklyn native also co-wrote and acted in some of their brother's movies, including the 2007 comedy "Norbit."
Murphy's agent William Rodriguez was not immediately available for comment.
Their death was first reported by TMZ and the Hollywood Reporter. (Reporting by Laila Kearney; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Many would agree 2016 was a most unfortunate year on the international and domestic stages.
We had a dispiriting American election, with each side failing to live up to presidential ideals.
We saw Aleppo in Syria destroyed in sick, slow motion.
We witnessed the rise of fake news, which may sound as innocuous as the National Enquirer, until you realize it's part of a new and dangerous post-truth sort of world where people don't trust in society's institutions.
Brutality by and against police was both eye-opening and alarming.
And we saw innumerable ISIS terror plots, including the gruesome truck attacks in France and Germany.
All this doom and gloom penetrates Americans' psyches. This new year, instead of playing into the fear, I'm choosing hope. And since acting locally will impact globally, here's what I think we should all focus on in 2017 to make our communities and country stronger.
First – and this is a biggie, especially after this election cycle – we need to stop calling people names.
I'm sick of hearing liberals call conservatives bigots, homophobes and anti-immigrant. I'm sick of hearing conservatives call liberals Communists and Socialists. When we label, we stamp a scarlet letter on another's forehead – a la Hawthorne's much-maligned protagonist Hester Prynne – and any meaningful dialogue ceases. Labeling puts people on the defensive. Such oversimplification may help us to neatly categorize others, but it ultimately leads to fear and loathing, and limits our understanding of them.
Second, this year seek out someone with a different viewpoint.
If you're a conservative, get to know a liberal. If you're a liberal, go find a conservative. Thomas Friedman's new book, “Thank You for Being Late,” observes that America is becoming similar to the divided Muslim world, in which affiliations define interpersonal relationships.
For example, a Sunni wouldn't want their or their son to marry a Shiite, and vice versa. Friedman and others are worried that American liberals and conservatives are devolving into similar tribal splits based on political views. This is toxic to a pluralist society like ours.
Third, once we've stopped calling people names and found someone with a different philosophy, we should open our minds and not be offended by what others say.
If a liberal is against the repeal and replacement of Obamacare, a conservative shouldn't react by taking their views as a personal affront. A liberal likewise shouldn't demean a skeptic's intelligence when they think global warming is being overblown for political purposes.
Some people are incapable of holding a political argument without it devolving into personal attacks. This is especially true on college campuses, where students themselves are seeking to limit their exposure to different viewpoints, ones they say are rooted in “hate.” After a divisive 2016 we need to regain the ability to argue without arguing in 2017.
Fourth, after we've started conversing with someone with a different view, we should know what we're talking about before we opine.
Although Facebook and Twitter encourage their users to vent profusely about every topic under the sun, we'd do well in 2017 to limit our mile-wide-but-one-inch-thick reactions and instead become expert in at least one subject.
We're all sick of hearing people parrot what they've heard in the media and think themselves thoroughly knowledgeable about fracking or climate change or abortion or tax policy or any number of topics. In 2017, we should master one issue. Then our opinions might mean something.
Finally, while approaching interpersonal relationships with an open mind is where we can improve our own happiness and effect real change in a divided nation, we all need to keep that same open mind about the country as a whole, especially its new leadership.
Many are rightly worried about President-elect Donald Trump, but I'm thankful they are thinking outside the box when it comes to America's foreign and domestic challenges. President Obama has gotten themselves and the country stuck in a rut.
We're stuck when it comes to Israel (the peace process is just about dead), Russia (Putin's show of strength has overwhelmed and belittled Obama) and China (which has gained a taste for stealing our monitoring buoys and enlarging islands in the South China Sea).
Domestically, Obama's only notable achievement, the Affordable Care Act, is turning into the Unaffordable Care Act due to spiraling costs – specifically, a 25 percent increase for the average premium this year. A leadership change is just what the doctor ordered. And in Trump, thank goodness, we won't get four more years of American indecision.
With so many dark clouds, it's tough to be optimistic. But rather than bury my head in the sand of fear and dread of what's to come, I resolve this year to hope for better days ahead.
John Balentine, a former managing editor for Sun Media Group, lives in Windham.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ntegrator International Ltd:
* ‍GROUP IS EXPECTED TO REPORT A LOSS FOR FY2017​
* EXPECTED RESULT DUE TO A SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN MANPOWER DURING YEAR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-U.S. shipping terminal reopens after 'dirty bomb' threat
June 15 A terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and the safety zone has been lifted, the U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday, after investigating a threat of a "dirty bomb" on a container ship.
A sign adorns the building where mining company Rio Tinto has their office in Perth, Western Australia, November 19, 2015. REUTERS/David Gray
SYDNEY Mining giant Rio Tinto Ltd (RIO.AX) (RIO.L) said on Sunday it paid $4 billion (3 billion pounds) in taxes and royalties globally in 2016, a 12 percent drop on 2015 that primarily reflected lower earnings.
The release of its annual tax transparency report comes as the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) issued amended income tax assessments for the company on Wednesday, covering calendar years 2010 to 2013.
The tax authority ordered Rio Tinto to pay additional tax of A$379 million ($284 million) plus interest of A$68 million for those four years, due to the global miner's use of marketing hubs in tax-friendly Singapore.
Rio Tinto said its effective group tax rate was 22 percent for the year ended Dec. 31, with the majority of tax and royalties paid in Australia - a figure of about $2.9 billion.
In the report, Rio Tinto said it had reduced the number of entities registered in so-called tax havens to 12, but its was still "engaged in discussions" with the ATO over use of its Singapore hubs.
"While we are satisfied these transactions align with tax requirements, differences of interpretation between companies and tax authorities can occur," Rio Tinto said, adding it will challenge the additional amount ordered by the ATO.
The dispute comes as the ATO has increased scrutiny over how much tax multi-nationals operating in Australia pay.
A senate corporate tax inquiry previously said Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton Ltd (BHP.AX) were using Singapore marketing offices to shift profit from Australia to minimise tax.
Chris Lynch, Rio Tinto's chief financial officer, said the company was committed to tax transparency, but tax law should never be retrospective.
(Reporting by Harry Pearl; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
April 28Ningxia Zhongyin Cashmere Co Ltd
* Says it plans to buy shares aiming to hold controlling stake in Shanghai-based data communication firm PHICOMM, which is engaged in production and sale of communication equipments
* Says it plans to sell its all or part of assets and liabilities, to controlling shareholder
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/f6AOSJ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Evaluate Quality provides a quality management tool, that is cloud based to cover all aspects of the QA process companies need for their success and customer satisfaction.
Evaluate Quality from Sage Advantage
Contact
Sarah Higgins
***@sageadvantage.com Sarah Higgins
End
-- Previously only available to Sage Advantage clients utilizing their quality analysis services, customers can now use the same tool as the experts. Developed over 15 years, Evaluate Quality provides organizations with a robust quality management tool that is recording system independent and coverall all aspects of the quality assurance process. From evaluate, trend analysis, calibration, coaching, appeals and even predictive analytics. Additional add-on options include customer satisfactions surveys tired back to the agent. There's even a mobile application available for busy mangers to keep updated regarding the quality of service delivery being provided.Evaluate Quality is the perfect blend of technology and human analysis. It is cloud based, and allows companies and their call centers quick implementation."Evaluate Quality™ was developed with one purpose: To enhance the quality of your call center. We are excited to be able to offer this to our clients and the public," says founder Scott Miles.Evaluate Quality creates value by empowering your organization with analysis that drives quality. Some of it's features include:with access to feedback and an analysis immediately available so you can start taking actionpecific to your unique procedures, business objectives, and customer base dynamics.Independent of recording systems, receive cross-platform evaluations and centralized quality reportingSee the future and affect change before it happens.Coaching session management, scheduling, and tracking includedAchieve calibration across multiple locations and vendors. The system provides real-time results and gap analysis.Includes vast range of reporting options targeted to specific representatives, supervisors, managers, and executives.Allows for tracking of audits/appeals and the outcome of each requestGet immediate help directly from Sage Analytics, or call us directly for assistance.Customize solutions to meet your unique quality program needsNo software or hardware to purchase. None.Sage Advantage provides technical support for Evaluate Quality. Sage is also going one step further and offering business process support packages. Based on the success of their engineered quality programs for clients, Sage is offering business process support to ensure clients achieve their objectives with affordable flexible pricing structure both large and smaller contact centers will find this cloud based solution an extraordinary option that fit their budget.Evaluate Quality provides operational staff with extremely user friendly tools and functions for quality assurance management. At the same time, it provides senior management a view in how the data is being utilized and how it correlates with progress toward achievement and maintaining your business objectives.Sage Advantage is a quality management service provider for call centers. Sage's core business is to improve customer experience. Through engineered quality programs combined with industry-leading technologies, Sage Advantage ensures clients deliver superior customer experience while reducing the cost of managing quality. Sage Advantage also provides cloud based contact center quality management system providing each valued client fully customized quality program configuration achieve their objectives. For more information, contact Sage Advantage or Evaluate Quality http://www.EvaluateQuality.com today.
FILE PHOTO: A newly built luxurious high rise residential building is seen in between old flats at Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui district January 22, 2009. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A potential buyer looks at a model of Riva, one of the latest developments by Sun Hung Kai Properties, in Hong Kong February 19, 2014. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
HONG KONG A pledge by Hong Kong's incoming leader Carrie Lam to make the city's vertiginous property prices more affordable could founder on the bottomless pockets of mainland Chinese developers, who are bidding up the price of land.
Home prices in Hong Kong have jumped 364 percent since 2003, while the median monthly household income has risen just 61 percent, pushing home ownership out of reach for many.
While the mass protests that paralysed parts of Hong Kong for 79 days in 2014 were primarily about demands for full democracy from Beijing, many were also motivated by the rising cost of living in the city, and the cost of accommodation in particular.
A typical Hong Kong apartment costs 18.1 times gross annual median income, according to research group Demographia, and the city topped its survey of the world's most expensive places for accommodation for the seventh straight year. Second-placed Sydney was a long way behind on 12.2.
"Anything over a multiple of 5.1 is usually deemed as being 'severely unaffordable'," said Denis Ma, JLL's Head of Research in Hong Kong.
With most of the city's more than 7 million citizens living in cramped apartments - some no bigger than a parking space - Lam, who takes over as chief executive on July 1, is aiming to tackle the problem by increasing housing and land supply.
But Alice Mak, head of the Hong Kong legislature's housing panel, said the influx of capital from mainland developers will make Lam's job very difficult.
"When there's overseas capital investment in Hong Kong, it will stimulate the local property market. If the government wants the housing market to grow at a stable rate, this will be a very big challenge for them," Mak said.
Chinese companies successfully bid for six out of 27 plots of land sold by the government in the fiscal year starting April 2016, Lands Department data shows, but in money terms they accounted for 44 percent of total transactions.
In the previous fiscal year, Chinese firms paid more on land deals than their Hong Kong competitors, taking up 55 percent of the value and nearly half of the land sold.
Graphic on Hong Kong property market tmsnrt.rs/2o8NCkM
IMPOSSIBLE DREAM?
Mainland developer KWG Property (1813.HK), which won a plot of residential land for a record price co-bidding with Logan Property (3380.HK), said lower lending rates and taxes make development in Hong Kong more profitable than in China.
"There's still a gap between 'flour and bread prices' in Hong Kong, but in China the prices are basically the same, so I boldly predict that more and more Chinese developers will come to Hong Kong to buy land in the future," KWG chairperson Kong Jian Min told an earnings conference last month.
The direct impact of this influx on home prices is stark in the Kai Tak district, overlooking Victoria Harbour. Prices there rose as much as 50 percent in less than a year, consultancy JLL said, after Chinese conglomerate HNA Group HNAIRC.UL bought four land parcels in the past five months at eye-popping prices.
Hong Kong's homegrown property companies are being edged out of their own market and are looking overseas to do business.
Local developer David Chiu, chairperson of Far East Consortium International (0035.HK), said they had become increasingly disheartened after seeing their company's auction bids fall below the average.
"In the past there were 20 developers fighting for land, but now with Chinese developers joining, it means another 20 more," they told a conference in February, adding that they were glad their company had already invested elsewhere and had plans to expand in the UK and Australia.
"I think it'll be very difficult for Hong Kong's small and medium developers to win a tender; it wouldn't surprise me if Hong Kong developers became landlords relying only on rental income (from commercial properties) after 10 years," they said.
Lam has already conceded in an interview with the Hong Kong Economic Journal there is nothing they can do to stop outside capital competing in the land bids.
Even established professionals say buying a home is an increasingly daunting prospect and doubt that government will succeed in holding down prices.
"They won't be able to help us," said 30-year-old accountant Mok Ho-man.
"Buying a flat is not an impossible dream ... but it will only get more and more difficult."
(Reporting By Clare Jim and Venus Wu; Additional reporting by Katy Wong; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree and Will Waterman)
* SSEC -1.1 pct, CSI300 -1.0 pct, HSI -0.5 pct
* China's Q1 GDP growth seen at 6.8 pct - think tank
* China facing heightened financial risks from property downturn - Moody's
* Li & Fung Ltd tumbles as profit misses expectation
SHANGHAI, March 30 China stocks were headed for a fourth day of losses on Thursday morning, with risk appetite soured by worries over property market prospects, sharp declines in newly-listed stocks, and liquidity stress as the month-end approaches.
The bearish sentiment spilled over to Hong Kong, where the market edged lower without the support of southbound inflows.
The CSI300 index fell 1.0 percent, to 3,430.67 points at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 1.1 percent, to 3,205.00 points.
The tech-heavy start-up board slid 1.6 percent to a five-week low.
The National Academy of Economic Strategy, a government think tank, urged the authorities to guard against risks in the property and financial sectors by properly managing monetary and land supply "floodgates", the official Xinhua agency reported - adding to concerns about more restrictions on property developers.
Further hurting sentiment, Moody's Investors Service warned that the financial risks facing China from a potential property downturn had grown as record lending had made banks more risk-prone while the government was less able to combat those risks.
An index tracking real estate developers fell 1.3 percent at midday.
Zhang Qi, an analyst at Haitong Securities, said liquidity worries kept investors sidelined. China's central bank skipped open market operations for a fifth day and was set to drain 40 billion yuan ($5.80 billion) on Thursday.
Zhang noted that recent sharp losses in newly-listed stocks, usually overpriced because of speculation, also weighed on the market.
"It would be hard to maintain the high valuation if their growth in revenue fail to match the prices," they said.
Jiangsu Jiejie Microelectronics Co Ltd and Gansu Longshenrongfa Pharmaceutical Industry Co Ltd, both listed for less than a year, fell 10 percent by the lunch break, the maximum allowed.
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index dropped 0.5 percent, to 24,277.76 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 1.0 percent, to 10,333.66 points.
Southbound trading between mainland cities and Hong Kong through connect schemes was suspended until April 5 for a holiday break.
Shares lost ground across the board in Hong Kong.
Li & Fung Ltd plummeted more than 9 percent after the firm reported a 47 percent slide in annual net profit, missing expectations. ($1 = 6.8945 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
WASHINGTON D.C. (ABC NEWS) – President Donald Trump condemned hate groups including white supremacists in remarks from the White House Monday, two days after a car drove into a crowd of people in the midst of violent clashes over a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
“Racism is evil,” said Trump. “And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Trump received bipartisan criticism over the weekend for their immediate response to the violence in Charlottesville, which did not label the incident as an act of terrorism, nor include a denunciation of white supremacy. During remarks addressing the rally and subsequent clashes from their golf club in New Jersey, the president condemned the “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
A White House official later elaborated on Trump's comments, indicating that the president was opposed to the “hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides” and noting that “there was violence between protesters and counter-protesters.”
On Monday morning, Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended Trump's response, telling ABC News that “he explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of Naziism, white supremacy, the [Ku Klux Klan].”
“That is their unequivocal position,” said Sessions.
The attorney general further said Monday that the attack met “the definition of domestic terrorism.” On Saturday night, Sessions announced that the Department of Justice was opening a federal investigation into the incident.
March 30 Celestial Asia Securities Holdings Ltd :
* Trading in shares of Celestial Asia Securities Holdings Limited will be halted at 9:00 a.m. On March 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
PARIS (AP) " Paris Saint-Germain's front trio of striker Edinson Cavani flanked by wingers Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler has the makings of a stunning attacking combination.
Barcelona will testify to that, after the five-time European champion was swept aside 4-0 by PSG in the first leg of their Champions League Round of 16 match on Tuesday. Di Maria scored twice, with Cavani and Draxler getting one goal each " quite an impact in their first European match together.
Soccer fans know all about Barça's world famous attacking trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar " known as the MSN. They led Barcelona to the Spanish league and cup double and the Champions League in 2015 and continue as constant threat in attack.
Now European defenses have the CDD combination to worry about. If Cavani, Di Maria and Draxler continue like this, PSG can be a Champions League contender. At least the secret's out ahead of the return leg in Barcelona on March 8.
The fact Barcelona failed to deal with the CDD can partly be explained by the simple fact there was no way of knowing what they would produce together.
It is well known how the MSN operate. Stopping them is a different matter " although the information is there because countless videos of their matches are available.
However, there was precious little Barça coach Luis Enrique could work with in terms of researching the CDD trio as a front three.
For while they are established internationals in their own right" Cavani with Uruguay, Di Maria with Argentina and Draxler with Germany " they had previously started only one league game together.
Draxler only joined in January; and since their arrival PSG coach Unai Emery has preferred Brazilian Lucas as their other winger, rather than Di Maria. Surprisingly, Emery dropped Lucas and selected Di Maria, despite their disappointing performances for most of the campaign.
Continued below.
Related Content Your views: Readers letters' KiwiSaver worth more than $36 billion Emily Yahr: Mariah Carey and their backup dancer romance: Has any reality TV plot ever looked so scripted?
It proved an inspired move, with the rejuvenated Di Maria paying Emery back with an outstanding performance.
There was an element of surprise in PSG's favor, too, with Barcelona's back four unsure how to defend against the trio. They seemed concerned about pushing up and leaving space behind. But when they sat back, PSG's wingers switched flanks and pulled Barça's defenders out of position.
Each of PSG's three forwards offers something different, and they complimented each other well.
Cavani is a direct player, whose early runs are easily picked out by their quick-thinking wingers " who are both accurate passers. Cavani already has 34 goals this season, just four shorts of their career best set with former club Napoli.
The 23-year-old Draxler is a quick and athletic player who reads the game well. They have excellent technique and an eye for goal, having scored five in nine games since joining after a frustrating spell with German club Wolfsburg, where they failed to score in 14 games this season.
Di Maria likes to drift around and their tendency to crave space makes them less disciplined than Draxler, but Di Maria is more intuitive.
"They are world-class players," Luis Enrique said of PSG's front three. "They have a big attacking potential, work hard in defense and are incredible on the ball."
PSG has been desperate to join Europe's top clubs since Qatari owners QSI took over nearly six years ago.
In the last four years, PSG went out in the quarterfinals and last year's elimination led to coach Laurent Blanc being fired.
PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi liked what they saw in Emery, who guided Sevilla to three straight Europa League titles, and Blanc made way.
"This was the best performance I've been part of since coming to PSG," said midfielder Blaise Matuidi, one of QSI's first signings after its takeover in June, 2011.
The win over Barcelona sent out a warning to the rest of Europe that PSG " and its CDD " mean serious business.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Conclusions: This implementation study showed MITI to have continued success after transitioning from an RCT program into real-world settings. MITI showed itself to be flexible and generalizable as it easily fits into a second site staffed by general medical clinic–registered nurses and remained acceptable to patients and staff who had high levels of engagement with the program.
Results: MITI was successful at both sites, each with a different staffing model. Providers referred 170 patients to the program—129 of whom (75.9%, 129/170) were eligible. Of these, 113 (87.6%, 113/129) enrolled. Moreover, 84.1% (95/113) of patients reached their OID, and they did so in an average of 24 days. Clinical outcomes show that mean FBG levels fell from 209 mg/dL (11.6 mmol/L) to 141 mg/dL (7.8 mmol/L), P< .001. HbA 1c levels fell from 11.4% (101 mmol/mol) to 10.0% (86 mmol/mol), P 400 mg/dL, or 22.2 mmol/L, which were addressed by the monitoring nurses in real time. Registered nurses called all patients once weekly to advise on dose titration using the structured algorithm that the MITI team developed before and tested during the 2013 pilot study [ ].
The MITI coordinator also monitored for the presence of daily responses. If patients did not respond with their FBG value 3 days in a row, the MITI program coordinator reached out to the patient via phone calls to understand the reason for the lack of the text message response and problem solve, if needed.
The goal of the program is to find the patient's OID. OID is defined as the once-daily basal insulin dose that leads to one FBG of 80-130 mg/dL (4.4-7.2 mmol/L) inclusive or that reaches the 50 unit maximum dose. The program ends the week that the patient reaches their OID, when 12 weeks elapse, or when the program terminates early (ie, when a patient actively withdraws from the program, becomes lost to follow-up, or when patient eligibility changes, as occurred with one patient whose doctor decided soon after referral to MITI that rapid-acting insulin should be started). Patients were considered lost to follow-up when the MITI nurse was not able to reach them despite efforts over 3 consecutive weeks.
Two Different Staffing Models
The 2 sites used different staffing models to serve the following 2 functions: (1) enrolling, and (2) monitoring and titrating. At Bellevue Hospital, the enrollment onto the secure Web platform and into the MITI program was carried out by the on-site MITI program coordinator. The daily monitoring for alarm values and weekly phone calls at Bellevue Hospital were primarily carried out by 1 of the clinic's 2 diabetes nurses (both are certified diabetes educators and registered nurses). The diabetic nurses had structured time set aside each week to carry out the work of the MITI program.
At Gouverneur Health, there is no full-time onsite MITI coordinator or diabetes nurse. The medicine clinic nurses enrolled patients into MITI as part of the routine clinic discharge process. At Gouverneur Health, these same medicine nurses were also the team members responsible for checking alarm values daily and making titration calls weekly. This monitoring and titration work was carried out as part of the daily workflow.
Mobile Insulin Titration Intervention Implementation Process
Evidence-based strategies to implement MITI were used at each site [ ]. For example, before the rollout of MITI as usual care, a multidisciplinary advisory board was formed at each site to guide implementation. Potential referring providers and MITI nurses were trained about eligibility criteria, enrollment procedures, daily monitoring, and weekly titration calls. MITI nurses attended multiple in-person trainings on how to use the intervention software (eg, logging on to the system, enrolling patients, monitoring daily text messages). The MITI team attended routine staff meetings after the rollout to give updates and get feedback. As new providers and nurses joined the clinics, they were educated individually. The MITI coordinator was available on an ongoing basis to troubleshoot any issues that arose, review standard procedures, answer questions, and provide information on any updates and/or changes to the program.
Measures and Outcomes
The study measured multiple program outcomes, clinical outcomes, process outcomes, and satisfaction at both sites informed by the Proctor et al model of outcomes in implementation research [ ] to study implementation processes and study outcomes in 2 different clinical settings.
Mobile Insulin Titration Intervention Program Outcomes
We measured the percentage of patients who achieved their OID and the number of days required to reach OID. We evaluated the frequency of each component of OID (reaching a FBG of 80-130 mg/dL [4.4-7.2 mmol/L] inclusive or reaching the maximum dose of 50 units). We evaluated the percentage of patients that did not reach OID by 12 weeks or for whom the program was terminated early (ie, no longer met eligibility criteria, withdrew from the program, or were lost to follow-up).
Mobile Insulin Titration Intervention Cost Analysis
An analysis of potential cost savings was conducted. The cost of the time of nursing, administration, and the MITI program director, calculated from national wage data obtained from the Bureau of Labor Statistics [ ], in addition to technology costs (both technology setup fees and individual staff licenses to access the Web platform [ ]), were calculated. Savings associated with patient time (also calculated from national wage tables from the Bureau of Labor Statistics [ ]) and with the averted in-person medical clinic visit (based on Healthcare Bluebook fee scales [ ]) were evaluated.
Mobile Insulin Titration Intervention Clinical Outcomes
Additional clinical measures included FBG values on the first day of MITI as well as the day that qualified the patient for completion, rates of hypoglycemia, and, when available, follow-up HbA 1c values were abstracted from the patient's medical record.
Pre-MITI HbA 1c blood test values were accepted when obtained within 2 months of enrollment, and post-MITI HbA 1c values were accepted between 2 and 6 months after completion of MITI. Ideally, the MITI HbA 1c values would be obtained on the day of enrollment and then once again 2-3 months after program termination. However, in real-world settings (and not RCTs), it is the referring clinician who decides if new labs are needed on the day of enrollment or if the HbA 1c from the recent past still represents the glycemic control range for the patient in question. Likewise, for the post-MITI HbA 1c s, it was not within the scope of the program to bring patients back in for a special blood test that best fit our time frame. Referring providers were in charge of ordering the post-MITI HbA 1c blood tests and, although ideally we would have liked to have seen them between 2-3 months after program completion, we accepted values up to 6 months if this was the time frame within which patients were able to return.
Mobile Insulin Titration Intervention Process Outcomes
MITI process outcomes were assessed using data collected by the MITI program as part of routine operations. The Wellpass system captures all texts sent and received, which we used to calculate the percentage of texts prompts that received a patient response. We used clinic administrative data to calculate MITI uptake by providers, defined as the percent of providers who referred at least one patient to MITI, as well as to calculate the percentage of weeks that the nurses were able to connect with the patients to provide titration instructions. MITI nurses documented the time it took per patient per week to carry out the titration intervention.
Patient Satisfaction and Patient Time Saved
Patients completed a short survey at enrollment, which asked them how long it took them to travel to the clinic and how long they waited for their appointment, which we used to calculate patient time saved when an in-person visit was averted. The MITI coordinator at Bellevue called all MITI patients following completion of the program to assess patient satisfaction with the program. Patient satisfaction surveys evaluated 6 factors using a Likert-type scale: comfort level sharing information through text, preference for clinic, thoughts on the number of text messages (eg, too few, too many, just right), text helpfulness as a reminder to check sugar levels, text helpfulness as a reminder to take insulin, and text helpfulness as a reminder to make healthy food choices. Patients were not compensated for their participation.
Statistical Analysis
Descriptive statistics were used to summarize sample demographics and quantitative outcomes, stratified by site. Paired t tests were used to examine whether there were significant within-group changes in HbA 1c and FBG for the MITI group between baseline and at the end of MITI program. A two-sided P80%) from 30 diabetes patients enrolled in a multi-component telehealth program being studied at an urban community center. Of note, prior reported data on the acceptability of telemedicine interventions for diabetes patients have largely been collected during feasibility or controlled studies [ ]. This implementation study makes a significant contribution to the literature on telemedicine interventions for diabetes patients by demonstrating high patient acceptability and usability of MITI in a real-world, safety-net setting.
Low adoption by providers can be one of the greatest barriers to implementation of telehealth interventions, yet our referral data showed high adoption of MITI by staff, with most providers making at least one MITI referral. This report did not assess acceptability among providers. Detailed information about acceptability will be reported in a separate manuscript. Briefly, interviewed providers who made at least one referral reported that their perception of MITI as an effective, convenient, usable, and acceptable option for their patients drove their adoption of the intervention (consistent with other implementation studies evaluating factors that influence provider use of new telehealth programs) [ , , ]. Interviewed providers who did not refer a single patient provided reasons such as patients neither English- nor Spanish-speaking (the only two languages our program was able to offer) or older and less technologically “savvy.” Prior implementation research has also suggested that providers may not refer patients to mHealth interventions because of their concerns about the effectiveness of mobile health care as compared with direct patient contact [ ].
Finally, process outcomes showed the program to be feasible as observed nurse titration time of 15 min per patient per week was reasonable. The study's cost-savings analysis further showed that the MITI program's savings in terms of visits averted and patient time saved far outweighed the costs of technology and staff time at both sites. Of note, the per-patient per-week savings are less at Gouverneur Health because the technology company that we worked with charges a license for each clinician that accesses the platform. At Bellevue Hospital, there were only 5 team members that needed to access the platform. These 5 team members included the 2 diabetes nurses who ran the program for all MITI patients, 1 general medical clinic nurse (who was a backup in case both diabetes nurses were away), and the MITI clinical coordinator and program director (both of whom oversaw the program at both locations, but spent the majority of their combined time at Bellevue Hospital). In contrast, at Gouverneur Health, there were 18 nurses that participated in the MITI program, and each of them needed their own license. Of note, this cost sensitivity analysis is based on the pricing of one Web platform provider. In addition, this cost analysis does not take into account potential downstream health savings from improved glycemic control.
Limitations
Similar to many implementation research studies, our study had no control group for the clinical outcomes. However, the original MITI pilot RCT showed that MITI was efficacious compared with usual care [ ]. Nurse time spent on the project was based on self-report, which may be subject to recall bias. Moreover, we only had pre and post HbA 1c data on 71% of MITI patients. It is possible that there was a clinical difference between these patients, and the 29% of patients who did not have pre- and post-labs within the lab window. Additionally, a further limitation of this study might be our gap of knowledge in the potential reach of MITI. It is hard for us to know how many patients would have been eligible for the program, as there is no registry of such patients.
Conclusions
MITI is a patient-centered, text message-based program that allows the remote titration of once-daily basal insulin solely through the use of basic cell phone technology, which has great potential to improve access to care and reduce disparities in diabetes care for a multiracial, multiethnic, low-income population. This implementation study showed MITI to have continued success after transitioning from an RCT pilot program into real-world settings. MITI was found to flexible in different settings, generalizable to a general medical clinic setting, highly acceptable to patients and providers, and feasible for nurses to deliver as part of their routine workflow.
PARIS (Reuters) - France has ordered banned the sale and ordered a recall of several baby formula milk and baby food products made by French dairy giant Lactalis after the discovery of salmonella bacteria, consumer protection agency DGCCRF said in a statement.
Logo of the dairy group Lactalis are seen at the food exhibition Sial in Villepinte, near Paris, France, October 17, 2016. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
The recall includes products for export, including to China, Taiwan, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Lebanon, Sudan, Romania, Serbia, Georgia, Greece, Haiti, Colombia and Peru.
Some were also destined for regional markets, including Africa and Asia.
The agency said that Lactalis, the world's largest dairy company, had not managed contamination risk and has been ordered to conduct a product recall and halt the sale and export of several baby food products made at its Craon plant in western France since Feb. 15.
The recall follows 20 cases of salmonella infection of infants in France during early December, which had already prompted a limited recall of 12 Lactalis products.
This week five new cases were reported of infection with the “salmonella agona” bacteria. One of the infants had consumed a Lactalis product that had not been on the first recall list. The infants have now recovered, the agency said.
Lactalis spokesperson Michel Nalet said on BFM Television that the products can be exchanged in pharmacies or supermarkets. They said that any salmonella bacteria would be killed by boiling the milk for two minutes.
A full list of the products concerned is available on the agency's website (here)
(Adds quotes, details)
WASHINGTON, April 5 U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday they were considering packaging a $1 trillion infrastructure plan with either healthcare or tax reform legislation as an incentive to get support from lawmakers, especially Democrats.
Trump also said in an interview with the New York Times they may move up the unveiling of a plan to rebuild the country's deteriorating roads, bridges and tunnels, which had been expected later this year.
"I'm thinking about accelerating it. I'm thinking about putting it with another bill. Could be health care, could be something else. Could be tax reform," Trump said.
Trump was stung by their first legislative push, a failed attempt to roll back former President Barack Obama's healthcare law, which ended in an embarrassing collapse in Congress two weeks ago.
The White House has tried to revive healthcare talks while also seeking other legislative measures - such as tax reform - that could give Trump a win in the early part of their presidency.
U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said last week the Trump administration would later this year unveils a $1 trillion, 10-year plan to modernize U.S. roads, bridges, airports, electrical grid and water systems, offering incentives for public-private partnerships.
Trump said they wanted to accelerate that roll-out, but provided no timeline.
Trump said Democratic lawmakers "are desperate for infrastructure" and may be more likely to sign on to a Republican-backed tax reform or healthcare bill if spending on roads and bridges were included.
"We're talking about a trillion-dollar infrastructure," Trump said.
Some of the infrastructure projects may be built through public-private partnerships, Trump said, declining to say how the total spending would split between public and private sources. But they also said that with interest rates low, the government may be better off financing the projects itself.
"When you can borrow so inexpensively, you don't have to do the public-private thing. Because public-private can be very expensive," Trump said.
Trump said they would make an announcement in two weeks about whether they would seek changes to a wage law for federal projects blamed by conservative groups for inflating costs, though they declined to say what the announcement would be.
Conservative groups have pressured the White House on the law, known as the Davis-Bacon Act, which requires contractors on federal projects to pay local prevailing wages - a measure backed by labor unions and Democrats.
On tax reform, Trump said they wanted to wait and see what happens on healthcare legislation, which has stalled in the House of Representatives, before setting out details on taxes.
The details of the healthcare bill could determine how much they could cut taxes, they said.
Republicans have been working on a plan to cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, end taxing foreign profits for U.S.-based multinationals and cut other tax rates for businesses and investors - as well as simplify and cut personal income taxes. (Reporting by Eric Beech and Roberta Rampton; Editing by Paul Tait and Michael Perry)
Shoes by Stephy Nessy
End
-- "Shoes" is the title of the new single by Stephy Nessy, produced by Max Titi. It's now available on digital stores and on Vevo.Stephy Nessy started their career as an electro swing singer with a modern rendition of the well-known Italian song Mambo Italiano . After their debut, they are now out with this powerful and cheerful original tune titled "Shoes". The video, which is available on their Vevo Channel, is derived from a 1934 cartoon and tells the story of Poor Cinderella."This version wcj of Cinderella is very electro swingy", says Stephy Nessy "besides, it suits me perfectly...."she continues while giggling. The lyrics of this song are about the irresistible wish to have a new pair of shoes, which is common to every girl, as if a simple pair of shoes could make your dreams come true and help you find Mr. Right.The single, including radio edit and extended version, is out on label Maxy Sound and available to download or streaming. You can also visit stephy Nessy's website or follow them on Facebook.Stephy Nessy is currently working on their first studio album and performing gigs all around Italy, other than that they are a nurse and they promise they will give everyone a good electroswing injection!!Watch it on Vevo: https://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=M4KAElSVz3U
April 10 Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc
* Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc - deal for total valuation of approximately $1.5 billion
* Intrawest Resorts Holdings - under terms of merger agreement, Intrawest stockholders will receive $23.75 in cash for each share of Intrawest common stock
* Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc - transaction was unanimously approved by board of directors of Intrawest
* Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc - parent company of Squaw Valley/Alpine Meadows Resort to also become part of entity at closing
* Intrawest Resorts Holdings - parent co of Squaw Valley/Alpine Meadows Resort will continue to operate under current management, post closing of deal
* Intrawest Resorts Holdings - entered definitive agreement to be acquired by newly-formed entity of affiliates of Aspen Skiing Co, KSL Capital Partners Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 13 Investors in U.S.-based funds poured $1.4 billion into stock funds in the week ended Wednesday after pulling $11.9 billion from the funds the prior week, data from Thomson Reuters Lipper service showed on Thursday.
Taxable bond funds attracted $1 billion in new cash to mark their fourth straight week of inflows. Funds that hold riskier high-yield corporate bonds posted $348 million in outflows after attracting $2.4 billion in inflows the prior week. (Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Hascall Steel Company is a trusted steel center in the US. The company boasts a diverse product inventory that suits several applications.
[GRANDVILLE, 05/30/2018] – Customers rely on Hascall Steel Company for their steel processing needs. The company offers practical and cost-effective solutions that suit various industrial applications.
A One-Stop Steel Service Center
Hascall Steel Company is a leading steel service company that offers various steel services. It forges strong partnerships with local and foreign steel producers and suppliers. The company carries one of the most diverse and versatile inventories, and customers turn to the company to find a solution for their needs. Its products include cold reduced steel, blanked steel, slit steel, flat-rolled steel coils, and more.
The company's sales team considers every customer's needs and offers practical solutions. In fact, as a reliable steel partner, it takes the time to understand various requirements to achieve success. Customers can trust the team to conduct rigorous quality tests to ensure that every product meets quality standards.
A Broad Range of Steel Solutions
Hascall Steel Company takes pride in offering various steel services that meet almost every application. It selects and processes inventory to fit customer specifications by evaluating gauge, width, as well as physical and chemical properties. Since the company boasts one of the largest and diverse inventories, it offers different types of steel for various commercial purposes, including hot rolled black, cold rolled aluminized, coated steel, and more.
Customers can count on the company to shorten lead times and reduce supply chain costs. Hascall Steel Company's cost-effective solutions will deliver the right steel product, exceed quality processes, and provide a quality assurance guarantee.
Precise Steel Processing
The company's technicians go through rigorous training to operate their machines and achieve the ideal tolerance level that will result in the perfect coil or sheet. Hascall Steel Company has an in-house laboratory that runs multipoint testing to check whether the steel properties fall within the client's composition requirements.
About Hascall Steel Company
Hascall Steel Company has been serving the steel service needs of customers for over 45 years. It offers competitive rates and ensures availability of some of the most in-demand products and steel services. The company has become simultaneous to a provider of top-quality steel processing services.
To learn more, visit http://www.hascallsteel.com/.
I have just returned from Abuja travelling through the Kaduna airport. As we disembarked from the aircraft and moved towards the arrival section, I could hear an announcement being made. The diction of the announcer was clear. They didn't sound like those On-Air-Personalities (OAP, they are called) who speak as if they have hot water on their tongues. Airport continuity announcers in Nigeria tend to imitate these OAPs.
This has been for me a great source of irritation. The last time I travelled from Lagos to Abuja, for example, I missed my flight because I just could not figure out what was being said. I was stranded because someone chose to speak fake English. The electronic boards at Nigerian airports where they are available, are unreliable and so, you invariably have to rely on those announcements.
The way I go round this sabotage is to keep asking people, or going to the departure gate to find out if the flight had been called or not. So, when I got to Kaduna and found a difference, I was glad that the bad habit at the Lagos and Abuja airports had not yet been exported to Kaduna. It was also the first time I would travel in that direction since the Abuja airport was shut down and traffic was diverted on March 8, to Kaduna, to allow the Federal Government repair the damaged runway in Abuja. Six weeks, they said it would take. I found myself in Kaduna five weeks later.
I met an upgraded Kaduna International Airport. The upgrade is not yet completed but I hope when the diverted traffic from Abuja disappears, the uncompleted parts of the airport will be sorted out and the airport can be put to better use, and not abandoned, and the investment would not be allowed to waste. At the arrival section, a group of persons reiterated the announcement that had been made as we arrived. “Free buses to Abuja are available, please join the buses outside to take you to Abuja, show your ticket and boarding pass please”. Another lady said: “if you want to travel by train, please join the buses outside to take you to the train station, it is free.” This got me curious.
It turned out that the Federal Government had indeed made arrangements to make life easier for persons who had to travel from the Kaduna airport to Abuja. I took a look at the buses. Chisco buses. Coaster buses. I also spoke with a few persons who had travelled through the Kaduna airport en route Abuja. The feedback was positive. I was told the bus ride takes about three hours, the train ride about one hour, twenty minutes. But one guy differed.
“I think,” they said, “it is better to charter a cab. If you take a cab, you can get to Abuja in about two hours. If you take the bus, you may have to wait for the bus to fill up, and then for security reasons, the drivers will not drive fast, if you are not careful, you could be on the road for four hours.”
“I guess security is more important than speed”, I said.
“But they will go and drop you at the Abuja airport, and you will spend another one hour getting to the town, and in that case, you will still have to take a cab and pay.”
“Why Abuja airport?”
“That is what they do”
“But come to think of it, is it possible they will go and drop people in front of their homes?”
“Well, I am a man in a hurry. Time is everything. I don't take the bus or the train. I just take a cab and move.”
“What of the helicopter shuttle?”
“I am sorry I don't know anything about that. It is better and cheaper to take a cab.”
“And how much is that?,” I asked.
“Between N25k and N30k. But you can also join with other people. If two other persons join you to take a cab, you'd end up paying at most N10k.”
“But is it not better to go with what government has provided, for security reasons?”
“There is no serious danger on the road, particularly if you travel during the day, and not wait till it gets dark. There are police officers and FRSC men keeping watch all the way to Abuja. You don't have to worry about anything. I have been on this route every week since they shut down the Abuja airport.”
I had an appointment to keep in Abuja and time was not on my side. I could not afford a four-hour journey, so I embraced the guy's advice, and took the cab option, and just as I had been told, the road to Abuja was safe and stress-free. I made it in good time and did not miss my appointment. On my way back, two days later, the trip was even smoother and faster. But I ended up not travelling after spending so much time at the airport. My return ticket was wrongly booked: instead of Kaduna to Lagos, I had a Lagos to Kaduna ticket! This turned out to be a blessing in disguise, though.
It gave me the opportunity to take a better look at the airport. At the VIP section, and elsewhere, the staff appeared polite and helpful, obviously delighted with their assignment. Free drinks, coffee and water, were offered at the VIP section. The missed flight also gave me the opportunity to spend more time with my friend and colleague, Umar Sani who lives in Kaduna. Umar Sani the Cat as I call him, is the Media Adviser to former Vice President Namadi Sambo.
I spent the night in their house, and as always we shared reminiscences. We exchanged views about the present and worries about the future. This was accompanied by day-long enjoyment of dollops of pounded yam, freshly prepared pepper soup with fish from Kogin Kaduna, delicious ram suya, and Hausa music from the old masters. One particular Hausa musician caught my attention, they actually sounded, beat by beat, like the late Yusuf Olatunji were it not for the difference in language.
But the night became darker when we received the news of the sudden and untimely death of Gordon Obua, our former colleague who served as Chief Security Officer to President Goodluck Jonathan. Obua, like many of the Jonathan boys, went through a lot in the last nearly two years. Umar Sani and I tried to reach many of our other colleagues. One said they were scared about tomorrow and what else would happen. Another said they were so sad, they just chose to go to bed. The grief was deep and widespread; the shared emotion was touching. Everyone worked with the CSO. Nobody can access the President or any part of the Villa, without an encounter with the CSO and their team. The Presidential Villa is not an ordinary workplace, it is, every part of it, a security zone.
Our return journey to the airport the following morning was less excitable, marked as it was by unspoken thoughts and pregnant reflections. I made it to Lagos.
Looking back, the Federal Government and the Kaduna State Government, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) and other stakeholders who were involved in managing the process of diversion of traffic from the Abuja airport to Kaduna deserve our commendation. They have not done badly at all. The airport handled many flights daily, including international flights by Ethiopian airlines – the only foreign airline operating in Nigeria that embarked on a voyage of faith and support to Kaduna. I am aware that some travellers have had cause to complain about the lack of a seating area at the ticketing section in Kaduna, the insistence of the airlines on cash payment, the absence of restaurants and Automated Teller Machines (ATMs), and the relatively relaxed security around the airport at certain periods of the day. Nonetheless, I offer a pass mark.
Hadi Sirika, the Minister of State for Aviation and Nasir el-Rufai, the Governor of Kaduna State both promised that there would be no problem. They have so far kept their word. We may just have found in the management of the rehabilitation of the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport, and the diversion of traffic to Kaduna, a template for inter-governmental co-operation and government-civil society strategic interface on key national issues.
When the idea of the diversion was first mooted, we were all skeptical. Foreign airlines operating in Nigeria kicked, other stakeholders in the aviation sector protested, the general public was worried. I wrote a piece titled “Before the Abuja airport is shut down” (January 10) in which I gave voice to these concerns. I accused the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria of incompetence and inefficiency, citing the mismanagement of the renovation of the Port Harcourt and Owerri International Airports. In other countries, airport runways are not abandoned for 21 years, and if they have to be repaired, the entire airport is not shut down and travellers put through discomfort. In Glasgow, Scotland, an entire runway was fixed within weeks of off-traffic operation, at night. I later wrote another piece – “A visit to the Gusau Institute” (February 7) in which I complained, parenthetically, about the horrific nature of the Kaduna-Abuja road and the likely threat to travellers.
Criticism obviously helps but that is if the concerned party is willing to listen. Optics also matters. Stakeholders complained previously about the shambolic state of the Kaduna airport. I met a better airport, in varying stages of improvement. I wrote about the bad state of the road linking Kaduna and Abuja. The potholes seem to have been fixed. It also seems as if the state Governor has appealed to the bus drivers on that road to drive more carefully, the motorcyclists to stay off the highway and the trailer-drivers to be more circumspect. I also complained about how difficult it was to get information on the purchase of train tickets between Abuja and Kaduna. The Nigeria Railway Corporation may still have a lot to do to improve the quality of its services, but it managed in the last six weeks, to attract significant interest and patronage. Governance is not as difficult as it is made to appear- just do what is right and put the people first.
What remains all things considered, is the need to place greater emphasis on the value of maintenance culture as an element of the infrastructure management process. We tend to wait until everything breaks down in this country before we attend to them. We prefer the fire-brigade approach and although we love infrastructure, we do not have in place a system for maintaining assets. We have problems because we run government with the mentality of children. Children love new things, and are impressed by toys. But in due course, they spoil the toys or they get distracted and abandon them. In the same manner, government sets up structures, impresses itself and the public and then moves on until everything collapses. This institutionalized culture of waste and leakage is deplorable. It falls short of best practices elsewhere.
The Minister of Aviation says the Abuja airport is now ready and that it will be back to business on the promised date of April 19. They have taken journalists to the airport to assess progress. The Vice President and the Minister of Information also visited. The promptitude with which the Abuja airport renovation has been handled is un-Nigerian. I actually don't mind if the Ministry of Aviation takes additional two weeks to get everything properly in place. When eventually traffic returns to the airport, the Federal Government and the Kaduna State Government should work together to ensure that the hopes that have been raised about the Kaduna airport are not dashed. The investments made there in the last six weeks should be well-managed and the still on-going upgrading of the airport should be completed.
Click To Share this:
Tweet
WhatsApp
Email
More
Print
NEW YORK, April 5 BlackRock Inc, the world's largest asset manager, on Wednesday said it would nominate Cisco Systems Inc chief executive Charles Robbins to serve on its board of directors.
"Throughout their career, Chuck has helped global corporations navigate a world being reshaped by technological advancement," said BlackRock chairperson and CEO Larry Fink. "At BlackRock, technology is rapidly transforming how we invest, measure risk, distribute our products, and run our operations."
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Chris Reese)
Figure Skating - ISU World Championships 2017 - Ladies Free Skating - Helsinki, Finland - 31/3/17 - Evgenia Medvedeva of Russia reacts after their performance. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Figure Skating - ISU World Championships 2017 - Ladies Victory Ceremony - Helsinki, Finland - 31/3/17 - Gold medallist Evgenia Medvedeva (C) of Russia, silver medallist Kaetlyn Osmond (L) of Canada and bronze medallist Gabrielle Daleman of Canada attend the ceremony. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
HELSINKI A performance full of grace and technical wizardry proved that Evgenia Medvedeva will be the woman to beat at next year's Winter Olympics as the Russian soared above their rivals to retain their title at the world figure skating championships.
Friday's triumph with a world record total of 233.41 points made them the first woman since American Michelle Kwan in 2001 to win back-to-back world titles and enhanced their reputation as a skating phenomenon since they have now claimed 10 titles in a row.
No one came close to ending their run on Friday as they romped to victory by a margin of 15.28 points over Canadian Kaetlyn Osmond.
The 17-year-old made it a clean sweep of world records as their free skate score of 154.40 was also an all-time best.
Osmond and teammate Gabrielle Daleman captured their first world championship medals by finishing second and third respectively.
Osmond, who scored 218.13, and Daleman (213.52) produced the performances of their lives to earn Canada their first women's medals at the worlds since Joannie Rochette won a silver in 2009.
It was also the first time Canada had won two podium places in the women's competition.
The 21-year-old Osmond credited their success to "aiming for excellence rather than aiming for perfection" but their skating skills were no match for the poise or artistry that Medvedeva brings to the ice.
SPARKLING PERFORMANCE
Wearing a sparkling grey and pink dress, the Russian appeared to have grown wings as they floated through their free skate, beautifully executing all of their 11 jumps to the haunting melodies of the 'Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close' film soundtrack.
The balletic style of their jumps, where they twirl their arm above their head as they spin through the air, adds another dimension to the flawless presentation of their routines and they had fans purring as they opened with a soaring triple flip-triple toeloop combination.
The "oohs" and "ahhs" grew louder and louder before reaching ear-splitting levels as they whirled around in a blur for their final Biellman spin.
Among those giving them a standing ovation was Daleman, who was waiting to go on the ice next.
"I applauded them as she's such a beautiful and amazing skater and I respect them so much as a skater. To see their score was absolutely amazing... but at the same time it was motivating for me as the crowd was lifting you up," said the 19-year-old.
American Karen Chen was fourth, while Japan's Mai Mihara was left to wonder what might have been had they not messed up their short skate as they surged from 15th to fifth in the overall standings following an exquisite long programme on Friday.
"I was so happy to be able to perform the best Cinderella programme of the season. I was almost crying," said the Japanese Four Continents champion.
UTTER DESPAIR
Russia's Anna Pogorilaya did burst into tears - but those they shed were of utter despair.
The 2016 bronze medallist suffered a total meltdown on Friday as they fell - over, and over and over again.
When they crash landed for the third time - following a triple loop - they simply lost the will to pick themselves up and comically slid backwards across the ice on them bottom.
Somehow they got back on their feet for the final few seconds of their routine but once their nightmare was over, they collapsed on to their knees and bent over to hide their face from the crowd who had started to chant them name.
But there was no hiding the fact that a score of 111.85 for the free skate had dropped them from fourth to 13th.
Despite Pogorilaya's ordeal, Medvedeva's win meant Russia, along with Canada and the U.S., secured the maximum three spots in the women's competition at next year's Winter Olympics.
Japan, however, lost a place and will have to make do with sending two skaters to Pyeongchang.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Ken Ferris)
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Mineral sands miner Iluka on Tuesday said that it would defend itself against a class action launched by shareholders.
The company said that a number of shareholders have launched a class action in the Federal Court of Australia, claiming breaches of continuous disclosure obligations, as well as misleading and deceptive conduct relating to disclosures made by Iluka to the market between April and July 2012.
Advertisement
During that time, Iluka announced the refinancing of its debt through a series of five-year bilateral revolving credit facilities totalling A$800-million, a well as updating the company's production and earnings guidance for the 2012 financial year.
Iluka on Tuesday denied any liability in respect of the allegations, telling shareholders that it would defend itself, should the proceedings go ahead.
Advertisement
Although the proceedings have started, the applicant's third-party litigation funder has not yet determined if it will unconditionally fund the proceedings.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
DANGEROUS SITUATION: Aunty Cheri Yavu-Kama-Harathunian had told how one mother tried to soothe their crying baby with ice.
DANGEROUS SITUATION: Aunty Cheri Yavu-Kama-Harathunian had told how one mother tried to soothe their crying baby with ice. SImon Young
A LACK of knowledge about the dangers of ice, especially on unborn babies, is creating a scary cycle of drug abuse.
Shocking instances of the ice epidemic's stranglehold on addicts and its further reaching impact on the next generation was witnessed first-hand by an IWC chaplain, who had to physically stop an addicted mother giving ice to their year-old baby.
IWC chaplain and director Aunty Cheri Yavu-Kama-Harathunian told the Courier-Mail the mother was attempting to soothe their crying baby with ice.
"She was a loving mum. In their mind they were doing the right thing. The baby was agitated. They said their baby sucked on it, not knowing that what they were doing was creating an addiction,” Aunty Cheri said.
"The impact on the brain would have been enormous and only the Lord knows how long they were doing this with the child.”
Aunty Cheri told the NewsMail a lack of knowledge had created the dangerous situation.
"This lack of awareness of the dangers of ice to both the user and, if that person is pregnant, to an unborn child is chilling. It is something IWC is moving to address in our community.”
Aunty Cheri said IWC was in talks with Dr Amber Logan and Dr Joseph Stone, clinical psychologists leading research on the impacts of crystal meth on unborn babies, so they could provide information and education around the crucial issue to Bundy's community.
Dr Logan and Dr Stone presented at the 2017 National Indigenous Drug and Alcohol Misuse Conference hosted by IWC in Brisbane this year.
Dr Logan told the drug and alcohol conference it was vital for communities to understand the neurological, physical and psychological effects of in-utero exposure to ice.
"A severely impaired child will never live independently, will never get a job and they will tend to bounce between jail and mental health institutions as they grow up,” they said.
They said many children suffering from the effects of ice in the womb went undiagnosed, often labelled as ADHD or having post traumatic stress disorder.
Aunty Cheri said it was made clear at the conference that one of the keys to identifying the extent of ice on an unborn child was to remove shame from the conversation.
"As Dr Logan made clear, we must not stigmatise the mother, but instead seek to find ways to provide informed and helpful information that will assist potential parents to make informed decisions that will positively affect both their own, and their child's, life.”
May 2 Sea Breeze Power Corp:
* Sea Breeze Power Corp announces approval of restructuring proposal
* Sea Breeze Power Corp - supreme court of british columbia approved second amended proposal of sea breeze power corp and its unit, dated April 21, 2017
* Sea Breeze Power - as a result of company's ongoing operational losses and increasing liabilities it was unable to meet its obligations to creditors
* Sea Breeze Power - Power Corp to issue additional 1 billion common shares to tucan, after which Power Corp's shares to be consolidated at rate of 25 million to 1
* Sea Breeze Power - all fractional shares,other securities of power corp., except for shares held by Tucan, to subsequently be cancelled
* Sea Breeze Power Corp - Tucan will be sole shareholder of Power Corp Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
MOSCOW, April 5 The Russian central bank's key rate does not influence the country's economic growth that much, German Gref, the chief executive of Sberbank, Russia's biggest lender, said on Wednesday.
Speaking at an economic conference, Gref added that labour productivity was a key driver for economic growth in the future. (Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh and Alexander Winning; writing by Maria Kiselyova; editing by Sujata Rao)
RABAT/ALGIERS A Moroccan phosphate ship has been held in a South African port by a complaint from Western Sahara Polisario movement that it transported cargo unlawfully from the disputed territory, a lawyer and Polisario said on Wednesday.
The seizure of the vessel, carrying 50,000 tonnes of phosphate to New Zealand, may be a test for the Polisario's use of a European court decision last year that ruled Western Sahara should not be considered part of the Moroccan kingdom in EU and Moroccan deals.
Western Sahara has been disputed since 1975 when Morocco claimed it and the Polisario movement fought a guerilla war for the Sahrawi people's independence there. A ceasefire in 1991 split the region in two between what Morocco calls its southern Sahara and an area controlled by Polisario.
The two sides have been since locked in diplomatic and legal tussles though tensions flared last year when U.N. peacekeepers had to step in between Moroccan forces and Polisario brigades in the buffer zone near the Mauritania border.
The Marshall Island-flagged NM Cherry Blossom, carrying phosphate from Laayoune in the Moroccan part of the disputed territory for state-run OCP, has been held in Port Elizabeth by a civil maritime court order, OCP said.
"The order issued in South Africa regarding the cargo of the NM Cherry Blossom is a standard temporary measure made on the basis of only one party's allegations," OCP legal counsel Othmane Bennani Smires told Reuters by telephone.
"We are fully confident of a favourable resolution once the actual facts of this case are presented to the South African court."
They said OCP's Phosboucraa subsidiary and its activities are in full compliance "with the United Nations framework and relevant international legal norms and standards".
The sparsely populated stretch of desert bordering the Atlantic Ocean, Western Sahara has rich offshore fishing as well as phosphate and possibly oil reserves. OCP, or Office Cherifien de Phosphate (OCP) is the world's leading phosphate exporter.
Southern African maritime authorities were not immediately available to comment or confirm details but OCP confirmed the other party in the case was Polisario.
Polisario chief negotiator Mohamed Khadad said they had filed the case based on the Western Sahara's status defined by the U.N. as a non-self governing territory, to protect its natural resources, and also based on the EU court decision.
"There is no possibility to exploit the natural resources of the Western Sahara without the consent of the people of the Western Sahara," Khadad told Reuters.
"We are convinced, we have been following it from the port of the Laayoune," they said. "It is a matter of law. We will abide by the last decision of the court."
In January, Morocco rejoined the African Union regional body, where Polisario's self-declared Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) is also a member. South Africa along with Algeria have been key supporters of the SADR.
The NM Cherry Blossom case comes as the U.N. Security Council has backed attempts to restart talks between Morocco and Polisario for a mutually acceptable political solution to the question of the region's self-determination.
Talks have failed for years to bring an end to the dispute. Morocco wants the region to have autonomy within Moroccan sovereignty while Polisario calls for a referendum on self-determination, including on the question of independence.
(Writing by Patrick Markey; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Temperatures in the 70s are expected through the weekend
The warm, windy conditions seen across the area Thursday — prompting a wind advisory and red flag warning — are expected to weaken and cool off a bit by Friday afternoon.
The National Weather Service on Thursday extended a red flag warning for Santa Barbara County's mountain areas through 9 a.m. Friday, and issued a wind advisory for the South Coast through 3 a.m. Friday.
A red flag warning, which began at 6 a.m. Wednesday and was supposed to expire at 10 a.m. Thursday, was extended amid critical fire-weather conditions.
Gusty northwest winds — up to 50 mph in the mountain areas — and relative low humidity were expected to envelop the area through Friday morning, prompting the Santa Barbara County Fire Department to increase its staffing levels, according to Capt. David Sadecki.
Three additional fire engines, one bulldozer, one water tender and one battalion chief were made available throughout the Santa Barbara County area.
The 80-degree temperatures seen on the South Coast Thursday will dip slightly into the upper 70s on Friday and the lower 70s on Saturday, said Kathy Hoxsie, a weather specialist with the National Weather Service office in Oxnard.
Hoxsie said cooler temperatures will bring lighter winds — this time from the northeast instead of the northwest.
Sunday and Monday are expected to be the coolest days, when the marine layer will remain late into the day with temperatures in the upper 60s.
The heat reprieve will be short-lived, however.
“We're going to warm back up probably into the low 80s by the end of next week,” they said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
March 29 SIG
* Further to the announcement made on 14 March 2017, SIG confirms that Meinie Oldersma will join SIG on 3 April 2017 and will be appointed a Director of the board and Group Chief Executive with effect from that date.
* Mel Ewell, currently Interim Group Chief Executive, will continue to serve as an Executive Director for a handover period following Oldersma's appointment, until 30 April 2017.
* With effect from 1 May 2017, Ewell will resume their Non-Executive Director duties.
* Leslie Van de Walle, Chairman, has informed the Board of their intention to step down as Chairman and retire as a Director of the Board once a successor has been identified and once Oldersma is established in role.
* In order to ensure an orderly succession process, a search and selection process for a new Chairman will now commence. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (London Newsroom)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
April 5 Asia Pacific Satellite Inc :
* Says it will sell 220,000 shares of common stock from April 5 to Dec. 20, 2019
* Says offering price is 3,150 won/share, 693 million won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/95MdNL
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Couples earning up to $180,000 will qualify for the Government's new KiwiBuild affordable homes, it was announced yesterday.
The price cap for any of those houses built in Tauranga will be $500,000 (including GST).
Housing and Urban Development Minister Phil Twyford said eligible buyers would have an equal chance to own a KiwiBuild home at cost price through a ballot system.
Those people would have to be first-home buyers or "second chancers", New Zealand citizens, permanent residents or those who ordinarily reside in New Zealand, and they would need to intend to own and live in the new home for at least three years (with some exemptions).
Advertisement
The income limit for sole purchasers would be $120,000.
Housing and Urban Development Minister Phil Twyford revealed the terms and conditions of the new KiwiBuild scheme yesterday. Photo / File
Tauranga mayor Greg Brownless said the income limits seemed too high and were way above an average wage.
"If we're looking to help people into houses that really need it, I would have thought the income limit would have been lower."
They said the purpose of KiwiBuild should be to help people with combined incomes of "way less than $100,000" and with single incomes of around $50,000 to $60,000 or less.
Brownless also questioned the ownership minimum of three years and suggested it should be 10, because that would get rid of "any chance of people doing it just to profit".
However, they said it would still be good to see "several hundred" KiwiBuild homes built in Tauranga to deal with the "ever-escalating price of houses".
Tauranga mayor Greg Brownless. Photo / File
During a visit to Tauranga in April, Twyford did not say how many KiwiBuild houses would be built in Tauranga or when that could start, but referred to "a significant number".
Classic Builders director Peter Cooney, one of the largest builders in Tauranga, also felt the KiwiBuild income thresholds sounded high.
They were sceptical about KiwiBuild being able to increase the supply of affordable houses.
Developers did not need the Government to underwrite them when the price range KiwiBuild was targeting was already seeing huge demand, Cooney said.
"If I build houses for $500,000 in Tauranga, I'd have a list of people as long as my arm wanting to buy them."
Cooney said ideally KiwiBuild would target lower price brackets, "but the problem is you can't buy the land and build houses for that price".
They said the only way to achieve that was to free up more land at a quicker pace. There was also the issue of access to labour.
Classic Builders director Peter Cooney. Photo / File
Yesterday Twyford said KiwiBuild faced five major challenges – land availability, workforce constraints, consenting time frames, development and build times, and growth capacity constraints.
They said the household income threshold had been set that high because the programme was "not welfare, but an aspirational middle-class policy".
"We want to make it available to as broad a range as possible of young Kiwi families."
The Government plans to build 100,000 KiwiBuild homes in 10 years, at least 50,000 of which will be in Auckland.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TORONTO, April 13 Canada's main stock index fell on Thursday to a more than two-week low as declining bond yields pressured the heavyweight financials group, while resource shares also lost ground.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index unofficially closed down 112.92 points, or 0.72 percent, at 15,535,48. Nine of the index's 10 main groups ended lower. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Chris Reese)
WASHINGTON Global trade has brought benefits from increased productivity to lower prices but governments have not adequately helped workers and communities hit hard by imports, the world's top multilateral economic institutions said on Monday.
In a report that serves as their answer to the Trump administration's more protectionist trade stance, the International Monetary Fund, World Trade Organization and World Bank said that an open trading system based on well-enforced rules was critical to world prosperity.
The institutions, which have promoted free trade for decades, cited research showing that manufacturing regions that were more exposed to imports from China since about 2000 saw "significant and persistent losses in jobs and earnings, falling most heavily on low-skilled workers."
It described what U.S. President Donald Trump has called the "forgotten Americans" that they want to serve with their "America First" trade policies.
"Workers displaced from manufacturing tend to be older, less educated and longer-tenured in the lost job than workers displaced from other sectors, and in turn tend to take longer to return to work," the groups said in the report.
The report recommended more active government policies beyond traditional unemployment income benefits to retrain and redeploy workers idled by imports, including programs to encourage more worker mobility. These could include relocation allowances to help workers move to regions with better employment prospects and credit policies aimed at helping companies facing import competition to reorient their business models or invest in new technologies.
But the report argued in favour of maintaining an open trading system that is bound by enforceable rules, saying that trade liberalisation has boosted productivity and improved living standards.
The reports cited research showing that a one percentage point increase in trade openness raised productivity by 1.23 percent in the long run, and a Canadian study showed that a U.S. free trade deal in the 1980s increased Canadian labour productivity in the most impacted export-oriented industries by 14 percent and the most import-competing industries by 15 percent.
Economists generally view higher productivity as important to supporting wage growth and higher living standards in advanced economies.
The study also cited research showing that open trade is estimated to have reduced by two-thirds the price of a basket of goods consumed by a typical advanced economy low-income household.
(Reporting by David Lawder)
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
For most film festival attendees, the event is a celebration of cinema. You can watch films that haven't yet landed in conventional movie theaters, by directors who might not even make it to the box office. Rarely is this a sign of film quality; if more than half of all movie screens in the average German city show three or four American blockbusters, there is simply not enough room left for films from Italy or China, Argentina or Australia. Film festivals have filled these gaps for years.
Featuring the work of Lucrecia Martel in Munich
Munich is one of the film festivals to fill this vacuum, as it relies on films from countries whose cinematic works are otherwise hard to find in everyday program life. An example of this is the Argentinean director Lucrecia Martel, to whom this year's retrospective in Munich is dedicated. Martel, one of the most important filmmakers in South America, was present in Munich to personally present their work.
A scene from Lucrecia Martel's movie 'Zama'
Lucrecia Martel's films open up rare sensory impressions of life in Argentina: mysterious and surreal, but also very close to everyday life and the pulse of society.
Film festivals are also a means for presenting film projects that are still in the works. The creators of the new large-scale project Das Boot ("the boat"), which has already wracked up over € 26 million ($30 million) in costs, used the Munich Festival to report on the broadcast of the series, which is scheduled for autumn.
A new TV series based on a familiar film
Subscribers to the broadcaster Sky will be treated to the eight-part series in autumn. With Das Boot, Sky is attempting to gain a foothold in the local market, just as they tried to do with the hit German TV series Babylon Berlin. Producers in Munich said that the series is at an advantage thanks to branding that has already taken place: the Oscar-winning film of the same name (and the TV version) by Wolfgang Petersen from 1981 should be known to most viewers.
Submarines and soldiers are once again at the center of 'Das Boot'
But don't count on it to be a sequel or remake of the old material, director Andreas Prochaska said in Munich. Simply "inspired" by the Petersen movie, the story told in the new film begins nine months after the cinematic events of the Petersen movie, in 1942. And it isn't set only inside the submarine.
Read more: 'Das Boot' director Wolfgang Petersen unpacks Hollywood secrets as their first comedy is released in Germany
The new Boot to appeal to a wider audience
"With a lot of sweaty men below deck," as the series' producer put it, the 1981 film was aimed too directly at male audiences. So the latest project got an upgrade, with two parallel narratives. One takes place on land with a female protagonist played by German-Luxembourgian actor Vicky Krieps, who was on hand in Munich to talk about the series.
It's not only the story and actors that are new; the TV series also has a new director, screenplay and production. But one element bridged the old and new Boot — the music. Klaus Doldinger, the composer of the music for the original Das Boot film, was on hand in Munich to wish the new production team the best of luck.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
On Pay Parity In Bollywood
"Investing money in a film is directly co-related to the people you are bringing to the theatre. I'm not delusional that the same number of viewers who go to watch Varun's movies will come to see my work. They have a wider reach than me."
Alia Bhatt Hits The Nail Right In The Head!
"That's why I can't expect that the same amount of money, which is invested in their solo-starrers, is invested in mine, too. Also, it's the subject that makes a film viable. We can't be categorical about everything because every actor and movie is different."
When Asked If They Are Okay To Reduce Them Fees
"Never say never, but I won't let go of a movie that I like because of remuneration."
Money Is Not Everything
"I'll find a way around it. I'll still do it because the emotional attachment to my work is way more than the monetary one," they summed it up to DNA.
On The Work Front
Alia Bhatt is currently shooting for their upcoming movies Gully Boy, Kalank and Brahmastra. All the three movies are scheduled to hit the theatres in 2019.
Tipperary 1-20 Waterford 1-11
Tipperary took the honours in this NHL 1A clash at a bitterly cold Semple Stadium, writes Michael Moynihan.
A crowd of 6,363 saw Waterford attack the Town End in the first half with the wind behind them, 2016 Hurler of the Year Austin Gleeson playing as an orthodox centre-back.
Jason Forde helped Tipp to a 0-3 to 0-1 lead on ten minutes while Waterford struck four wides in a row before finding their range, Patrick Curran's third free levelling matters at the end of the first quarter, 0-4 each.
Mikey Kearney nudged Waterford two ahead as Tipperary then hit a string of six wides before Forde (frees) made it 0-6 each on 30 minutes.
Kearney, Ian Kenny and Gleeson points put Waterford three up before Forde (free) cut the lead to two; Brian O'Halloran replied for Waterford but there was still time for Sean Curran and Forde to leave it 0-10 to 0-9 at the half.
Tipperary's Brendan Maher and Austin Gleeson of Waterford. Photos: INPHO/Cathal Noonan
Stephen O'Keeffe had to save well from Paudie Feehan on the resumption: Forde pointed the 65 to level the game. The McGrath brothers added points and another Forde free meant Tipp were three up on 45 minutes.
Cue Mark O'Brien's fine goal, the Waterford man cutting in to shoot from a tight angle on 48 minutes; Tipp then swept upfield and Michael Breen won a penalty.
Forde made no mistake and a Curran point made the score 1-14 to 1-10 going into the final quarter, and O'Keeffe needed to save smartly from Forde to keep Waterford in it.
Tipp were on top now and using the wind well, pushing six up by the 60th minute. By the end they were nine ahead, a couple of fine Ronan Maher strikes the highlight of the closing stages, while Waterford had two scores – O'Brien's goal and a Jamie Barron point – in the entire second half.
"We need to get points on the board" –
Some Waterford fans weren't happy with the performance tonight. #AllianzLeagues #MatchNightLive pic.twitter.com/CtDjI0PK7K — #MatchNightLive (@eirSport) February 3, 2018
Tipperary's Sean Curran tackles Austin Gleeson of Waterford.
Scorers for Tipperary: J. Forde (1-8)(1-0 pen, 4 frees, 1 65); R. Maher (1 sideline)(0-4); N. McGrath (1 sideline), S. Curran (0-2 each)(1 sideline); M. Breen, J. McGrath, S. Curran, B. Maher (0-1 each).
Scorers for Waterford: P. Curran (0-3)(frees), M. O'Brien (1-0); M. Kearney (0-3); B. O'Halloran, DJ Foran, I. Kenny, A. Gleeson, J. Barron (0-1 each).
WATERFORD: S. O'Keeffe, S. Fives, B. Coughlan, I. Kenny, M. O'Brien, A. Gleeson, K. Bennett, S. Roche, M. Kearney, K. Moran, C. Dunford, B. O'Halloran, S. Bennett, DJ Foran, P. Curran.
Subs: P. Hogan for Roche (19); S. McNulty for Gleeson (inj, 49); J. Barron for O'Brien (52); P. Mahony for Dunford (57); M. Walsh for Bennett (60).
TIPPERARY: P. Maher, A. Flynn, T. Hamill, S. O'Brien, J. O'Dwyer, Paraic Maher (c), P. Feehan, R. Maher, B. Maher, D. McCormack, N. McGrath, S. Curran, M. Breen, J. Forde, J. McGrath.
Subs: P. Shanahan for McCormack (inj, 5); J. Barry for O'Dwyer (inj, 10); Patrick Maher for Shanahan (57); C. Darcy for Curran (68).
Referee: C. Lyons (Cork).
Share it:
Don't Miss
TIM Cahill's hopes of some much-needed game time before the start of the World Cup have been handed a blow after they were slugged with a three-game suspension.
The Socceroos and Millwall striker was charged with violent conduct by the Football League after catching Fulham defender Ryan Fredericks with an elbow to the neck during the Lions' 3-0 defeat at the Den last Friday.
The incident went unpunished during the game but Cahill was punished retrospectively.
Cahill will now sit out their side's final two games of the season against Middlesbrough and Aston Villa.
They will also miss the first match of the play-offs, should Millwall, who sit in sixth spot in the Championship table, maintain their place in the top six.
The loss to their London rivals was the first time Millwall have tasted defeat since Cahill made an emotional return to the club where they started their career in January.
Millwall's great form has seen Cahill not start a game for Neil Harris' side and the 38-year-old has played just 65 minutes of football in the 14 matches they have been involved in since leaving A-League side Melbourne City.
Bert van Marwijk's Socceroos squad will assemble in Turkey for a four-week, pre- World Cup training camp, on May 19.
The Dutchman will name an extended squad which has to be reduced to 23 by June 4, with Australia kicking off their campaign against France on June 16 in Kazan.
Despite being the Socceroos' record goalscorer, Cahill is far from certain of a place in van Marwijk's squad and played for just 27 minutes in the two recent friendlies against Norway and Colombia.
Should Millwall miss the play-offs, Cahill will get just one opportunity to stake a claim for a place in the squad in a friendly against the Czech Republic in Vienna on June 1.
A second match against Hungary will be played in Budapest on June 9.
SYDNEY The Western Force edged the Port Elizabeth-based Kings 46-41 for their second win of the season as the two teams most likely to be cut from Super Rugby for next year played out a 12-try thriller at Perth Oval on Sunday.
Fullback Malcolm Jaer grabbed a hat-trick as the visitors, marshalled superbly by flyhalf Lionel Cronje, gave a masterclass in counter-attacking rugby in a thrill-a-minute second half.
The Force always had the edge up front, however, and a penalty try as well as a late score from loose forward Ben McCalman allowed the hosts to get back in front in the final quarter.
The match between the two teams that finished bottom of last year's standings was played out against the backdrop of the restructuring of Super Rugby for next year, which was announced soon after the final whistle.
The loss of two South African teams means the almost certain departure of the Kings, while the financially ailing Force are odds-on favourites to be the single Australian team to go.
"I'm just happy we won, I would have taken half a point given the circumstances," said Force coach Dave Wessels.
"To be able to control our emotions towards the back end of the game and to be able to come back and win it was pretty special."
Force flyhalf Jonno Lance opened the scoring from the kicking tee in the seventh minute and two minutes later started and finished a sensational move for the first try of the match.
The Kings hit back in the 26th minute when prop Justin Forwood touched down off the back of a rolling maul but winger Alex Newsome scored on the overlap to send the Force into the break 15-7 up.
The Kings stormed back with two tries in three minutes straight after the restart, Cronje setting up the first for winger Yaw Penxe with a break out of defence and Jaer grabbing the other also on the counter-attack.
Dane Haylett-Petty forced their way over to give the Force back the lead again but winger Makazole Mapimpi almost immediately claimed a neat Cronje chip through to put the visitors 24-22 ahead.
Lance kicked their second penalty to put the Force back in front just before the hour mark but Cronje then conjured up a piece of magic to give Jaer their second try.
The 27-year-old rolled the ball around their midriff before sending a grubber kick through the bamboozled defence for Jaer to race onto, the fullback grabbing their third two minutes later from an interception.
That gave the Kings a 38-25 lead with 17 minutes remaining but the Force cut the deficit almost immediately when a Cronje clearance was charged down and Newsome scored their second try.
The home side got their noses back in front when their pack crushed the Kings at a five-metre scrum for a penalty try and a well executed catch-and-drive sent McCalman over to put a gloss on the score.
"Sometimes bravery is just a quiet person who rocks up and does their job with intensity," Wessels added.
"Being able to put aside everything that's happening off the pitch and put in a performance is pretty special, I think."
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Brighton returned to the top of the English Championship after coming from behind to beat Fulham, while Newcastle suffered a shock defeat at Blackburn.
Brighton's unbeaten run, which now stands at 18 matches, looked to be ending when Lucas Piazon gave Fulham the lead 10 minutes into the second half, with Brighton goalkeeper David Stockdale having earlier denied their former club by saving a first-half penalty from Stefan Johansen.
But Brighton hit back with two goals in two minutes as Tomer Hemed levelled from the penalty spot before Lewis Dunk headed the 75th-minute winner.
Charlie Mulgrew was again the scourge of Newcastle as their goal gave struggling Blackburn a superb 1-0 win at Ewood Park.
Their precise free-kick in the 74th minute was their second goal of the season, with their first coming in the 1-0 win at St James' Park, and a number of stunning saves from Jason Steele denied Newcastle, who also had two goals disallowed and struck the woodwork.
Six points
Reading remains third but are now six points behind Newcastle after they came from behind to win 3-2 at Bristol City.
Tammy Abraham's brace, the second coming from the penalty spot, put City in control but Liam Kelly gave Reading a lifeline before Yann Kermorgant struck twice late on to complete the comeback.
Huddersfield claimed their fifth win in six matches thanks to an 80th-minute strike from Nahki Wells and Leeds beat Rotherham 3-0 at Elland Road.
Rotherham had the best of the first half but Kyle Bartley's far-post header from a Pablo Hernández cross early in the second half broke the deadlock and Chris Wood's doubled sealed the win.
Nelson Oliveira's hat-trick guided Norwich to an emphatic 3-0 win over Derby that eased the pressure on manager Alex Neil.
Norwich had taken just seven points from their previous 11 games but Oliveira completed the perfect treble with a goal each with their left foot, right foot and head.
MADRID, March 29 Shares in Spanish house builder Neinor Homes began trading sharply higher in its stock market debut on Wednesday, jumping over 6 percent to 17.5 euros ($18.9) per share. ($1 = 0.9268 euros) (Reporting by Paul Day; Editing by Sonya Dowsett)
Event Logo
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Bicycle
• Fundraiser
• Rally Industry:
• Event Location:
• Frisco - Texas - US Subject:
• Events
Contact
Boys & Girls Clubs of Collin County
***@bgccc.org Boys & Girls Clubs of Collin County
End
-- Boys & Girls Clubs of Collin County (BGCCC) announces that they have been named the beneficiary of 26Annual Collin Classic Bike Rally will be held on Saturday, June 10th, at Oak Point Park Amphitheater in Plano. City House has been the previous beneficiary for the past five years and BGCCC is committed to the long-term success of the ride. Excited to be a part of this legacy event, BGCCC will continue its long-time tradition of excellence and hopes to grow the ridership within the cyclist community. "We are excited to take on the responsibility of running a long time successful event like the Collin Classic", said Mike Simpson, CEO of BGCCC. "With almost 50 years of serving the young people of Collin County, BGCCC was looking for a new community fundraising event that would help us to serve more children while expanding the outreach of this well-known and successful ride that we know can reach new heights." Simpson commented – "We can see the outstanding collaboration between BGCCC and the cyclist community; it fits perfectly with of one of our core focus areas which we call Healthy Habits, which emphasizes good nutrition, regular physical activity, and improving overall well-being."This exciting development could not have happened without the support of Rudy Andrea and The Andrea Mennen Family Foundation which has been long time supporters of the clubs.Last year, over 2,200 cyclists from all over Texas and bordering states came out to support this event. Catering to the serious cyclist, the weekend rider, and family riders, there is something for every level rider at the Collin Classic. There will also be a Rider's Village with live entertainment and food and beverages. This will be a wonderful family event and riders are encouraged to have their friends and family meet them at the finish line and then enjoy the Rider's Village.Alex DuLaney, President of the Plano Bicycle Association and President of AD Cycling Events, LLC and a licensed cycling instructor through the League of American Bicyclists will act as the Rally Director of the 26Annual Collin Classic along with an Advisory Committee of key members of the cycling community. "I have been involved with the rally for years, helping to raise money for kids is so important and year after year folks turn out in great numbers in support of this ride, says Alex DuLaney. This year partnering with BGCCC, we'd like to build on the festival environment so you can enjoy a great ride and village of fun throughout the day, whether you're a cyclist or not, you'll have a great time!" We hope to make this one of the most successful in this event's history.The best part of the ride is the cause it funds, as 100% of the proceeds benefit BGCCC.With growth of over 20% this past year, this event will help the BGCCC support more children with programs that will help make life-changing decisions. BGCCC has over 3,000 children in after school and summer programs and with outreach programs, we impact the lives of over 8,500 annually. Our clubs concentrate on three core areas of academic and career programs, development of character and leadership skills and health and life skills.To register go to http://www.bgccc.org/ collinclassic . For answers to questions on registration or sponsorship, contact Laura Bese at (469) 888-4620 x105 or lbese@bgccc.org About the Boys & Girls Clubs of Collin County:The Boys & Girls Clubs of Collin County (BGCCC) has been meeting the needs of children in Collin County since 1968. The BGCCC's mission is to enable all young people, especially those who need us most, to realize their full potential as productive, caring, responsible citizens.
April 5 Xinjiang Xinxin Mining Industry Co Ltd
* On 1 april 2017, company, as a guarantor, entered into guarantee agreement in favour of bank
* Loan will be utilised for supplementing working capital of hami hexin
* Agreed to provide guarantee, for due performance of repayment obligations of Hami Hexin to bank up to rmb15.5 mln
* Co to provide guarantee, in proportion to equity holding in Hami Hexin, for due performance of repayment obligations of Hami Hexin Source (bit.ly/2nJlYIm) Further company coverage:
Newlywed actor Jessica Chastain is in talks to take on a villain role in the next X-Men film.
Producer/screenwriter Simon Kinberg will make their directorial debut on X-Men: Dark Phoenix, and according to Deadline.com, Chastain has been tapped to tackle the character Shi'ar Empress Lilandra.
Franchise stars Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Fassbender, James McAvoy, and Nicholas Hoult will all return for the next movie, as will Sophie Turner, Tye Sheridan, and Kodi Smit-McPhee, who joined the cast for 2016's X-Men: Apocalypse.
Kinberg is also producing the project, alongside Hutch Parker and Lauren Shuler Donner. They have long been involved with the X-Men franchise and wrote 2006's X: Men: The Last Stand, in addition to writing and producing X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Apocalypse. They also produced X-Men: First Class and Deadpool, while they are involved in its upcoming sequel, and is working on X-Men: The New Mutants, which comes out next year.
X-Men: Dark Phoenix will focus on Game of Thrones' Turner as powerful young mutant Jean Grey, also known as Dark Phoenix. It is set for release in November, 2018.
Lawrence previously ruled themselves out of returning to the X-Men franchise, but admitted they would reconsider if they were allowed to play Mystique alongside Chris Pratt's Star-Lord in a Guardians of the Galaxy film.
“I won't be Mystique in the X-Men movies, but I would love to be Mystique in Guardians Of The Galaxy,” they said. “I wonder if I could do that?”
Meanwhile, one person who will not be returning to the franchise is Hugh Jackman. The actor recently completed their last run as Wolverine in spin-off film Logan.
SHANGHAI China's State Power Investment Corp said Westinghouse's bankruptcy filing would not have a "substantial impact" on the country's nuclear plans and the two sides would ensure a key AP1000 reactor project would be completed on schedule this year.
The project is the world's first Westinghouse-designed AP1000 reactor project, being built at Sanmen on China's eastern coast, and is one of four reactors planned with State Power.
"The two sides were fully aware of the importance of the Chinese AP1000 project and agreed to continue to make the project a common priority and increase investment to ensure that the target of putting the reactor into operation this year is met," it said in a statement on Thursday.
The first AP1000 was due to be completed in 2014, but construction was subject to delays as a result of design problems as well as a nationwide review of the nuclear industry following the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Westinghouse hoped the AP1000 would become the centrepiece of China's ambitious nuclear strategy, and expected to win dozens of new projects.
But industry sources said the Pittsburgh-based firm underestimated China's ability to develop its own home-brand third-generation designs, with China's own "Hualong 1" reactor selected over the AP1000 for a number of domestic nuclear projects.
A senior Chinese nuclear industry official said earlier this month that the reactor was still scheduled to go into full operation in the second half of 2017.
“The restructuring application by Westinghouse will not have a substantial impact on third generation reactor work such as the construction of the AP1000, the subsequent construction of a batch of CAP1000 reactors or the CAP1400 demonstration project,” the company said, referring to its homegrown third-generation reactor designs.
Westinghouse, owned by Japanese conglomerate Toshiba, filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday as a result of billions of dollars of cost overruns at four reactors under construction in the United States.
(Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Iran women's national 3x3 basketball team exhibited commendable performances at the Above the Rim Vol.1 tournament in Kazakhstan, and stood third in the tournament.
On Sunday, the Iranian squad, which comprised Mojgan Khodadadi, Ma'soumeh Esmaeili, Sara E'temad and Saeedeh Ali, conceded a 18-12 defeat to the Russian side in the third-place playoff held in the Kazakh city of Almaty, Press TV reported.
Earlier in the day, the Iranian sportswomen had powered past the Kyrgyz outfit 21-14.
The Iranian team thrashed the host 21-6 in its second game at the first round of the tournament. It had defeated Uzbekistan 19-14 in its opener on Saturday.
The Above the Rim Vol.1 3x3 basketball tournament was held during April 15-17.
The 3x3 (pronounced three on three) basketball is a form of the game played three a side on one hoop.
The basketball discipline is currently being promoted and structured by FIBA. The highest tournament for national 3x3 teams is the FIBA 3x3 World Championships.
Marks & Spencer has been slammed by shoppers and scientists for selling apples in a plastic TUBE - so they can fit in car cup holders.
The retailer is flogging three ‘Baby Rockit' apples in cylinder-shaped packets - which they say make them easier to store.
But M&S has been criticised for overuse of plastic by customers including marine biologists.
Professor Brendan Godley, conservation science lecturer at Exeter University, tweeted a picture of the tubing.
Mr Godley wrote: “Please retweet if you think its passe for Marks and Spencer to be selling apples in plastic tubes because they “fit car cup holders (M&S rep).”
Their tweet included the hashtags #timetochange and #irresponsiblepackaging.
They later tweeted: “Apples don't need to come in a plastic tube.
“We should be recycling essential plastics and ablating non essential uses from the marketplace and companies like Marks and Spencer are in a great position to lead.”
And fellow Environmental lecturer at University of York, Bryce Beukers-Stewart, tweeted: “If only apples came with some kind of protective edible skin...
“Poor show Marks and Spencer - I thought you cared about #PlasticPollution.”
A representative for Marks and Spencer responded to the tweets by Bryce, saying the main purpose of the tubes is for “protection and convenience”.
They wrote: “We do care Bryce :/ The main reasons for the tube are protection and convenience. Being a small pack, it can easily fit in a car cup holder, or a bag.
‘'The polymer used is PET which is widely recycled, though we're working on improving the material used to keep in line with our Plan A initiative.”
Marks and Spencer's ‘Plan A 2025' aims to transform lives and communities and for the company to become a zero-waste business.
Wads of British Pound Sterling banknotes are stacked in piles at the GSA Austria (Money Service Austria) company's headquarters in Vienna July 22, 2013. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
LONDON Sterling recovered earlier losses and Britain's top stock index gave up gains on Wednesday as traders pointed to reports the European Union will likely strike a conciliatory stance when responding to Britain's formal request to leave the bloc.
Having earlier hit an eight-day low of $1.2377, sterling rose to as high as $1.2460 by 0852 GMT, up almost half a cent from ten minutes earlier. It had eased to $1.2443 by 0910 GMT, leaving it flat on the day.
The pound simultaneously hits the day's high of 86.57 pence per euro, up 0.3 percent on day.
"There is some reference in the market that maybe the components of Brexit could be a little softer than is factored into the FX market - what is priced in at the moment is a hard Brexit," said Mizuho's head of hedge fund FX sales, Neil Jones.
"So if there is something being constructed by the EU that is a little softer, that would send sterling sharply higher."
One unconfirmed news report said the formal EU statement in repose to Wednesday's UK request to leave would stress the bloc's desire for an orderly exit and as much agreement with the UK as possible.
Britain's FTSE 100 index gave up some of its earlier gains as sterling recovered, trading flat. The more domestically-exposed mid caps also traded flat.
Data released at 0830 GMT showed British consumer borrowing slowed by less than forecast in February, although weaker-than-expected mortgage approvals added to recent mixed signals from households ahead of Brexit.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Additional reporting by Kit Rees. Edited by Mike Dolan)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Travellers who book package holidays online may have greater protection under stronger rules.
The Government believes its proposals for the Package Travel Regulations could help protect an extra 10 million UK package holidays booked online.
Launching a six-week consultation on the proposals, consumer minister Margot James said: "While consumer laws protect millions of holidaymakers from the fallout if a travel company goes into administration, the way we book holidays has changed significantly in recent years and it is important that regulations are updated to reflect this."
There is a call for better information to be provided when booking making it clear what holidaymakers' rights to refund are along with an extension to current protections to cover the millions of UK travellers who buy package holidays online.
Ensuring the business that puts the package together is responsible for the entire holiday, even if some elements will be fulfilled by third parties has also been suggested as part of the regulations.
Abta, the travel association, says these proposed changes, aimed at ensuring people who book holidays online enjoy the same rights as those who book with a traditional travel agent, come as 50% of holiday arrangements are not currently financially protected if a company ceases trading.
This is linked to changes to how travel is booked such as using online booking sites to build personalised holidays.
The aim is to ensure that an extra 22% of holidays can be booked online with holidaymakers being confident they can get their money back if something goes wrong, according to Ms James.
Alex Neill, of Which? said: "Holidaymakers should be able to book their trips without worrying about whether they will be protected if their travel agent, airline, or hotel goes bust.
"The Government must make sure gaps in protection are addressed so that consumers have peace of mind however they book their package holiday."
The European Package Travel Directive comes into force in July 2018.
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville. After they were identified, they said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," they said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," they said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. They said on Youtube they wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," they told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
March 31 Prompt British wholesale gas prices fell on Friday morning due to an oversupplied system and lower demand. * British day-ahead gas price inched down by 0.05 pence to 39.80 pence per therm at 0838 GMT. * Within-day contract down by 0.55 pence to 39.40 p/therm. * System undersupplied by 29.5 million cubic meters (mcm), with demand forecast at 212.1 mcm and flows at 241.6 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * Demand forecast 31.5 mcm lower than seasonal normal demand. * "(UK gas) prompt has declined due to oversupply, which has pulled the day-ahead contract lower. Brent crude and API2 coal prices are down slightly today. These factors have pulled curve contracts lower," said Katrina Oldham, an energy trader at Inenco. * "Actual LNG (liquefied natural gas) send-out could impact the market next week depending on whether expectations are met," added Oldham. * Britain's Met Offices forecast temperatures could reach 15-16 degrees Celsius in the southeast of the country, falling to around 13 degrees C by next Tuesday. * Thomson Reuters analysts said strong supplies from Norway, lower exports through the InterconnectorUK and soft consumption were the main reasons for price declines. * Peak wind power output is forecast at 5.5 gigawatts (GW) for Friday, expected to fall to 3.4 GW on Saturday, National Grid data showed, which could boost gas-for-power demand. * Four LNG tankers are due to arrive in Britain over the next two weeks, adding to supplies. * April gas contract down by 0.35 pence to 40.25 p/therm. * Summer 2017 contract down by 0.58 pence to 40.05 p/therm. * Day-ahead gas price at the Dutch TTF hub up by 0.02 euro to 15.70 euros per megawatt hour. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract down by 0.02 euro to 4.90 euros per tonne. * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting by Lefteris Karagiannopoulos in Oslo; editing by Nina Chestney)
- Above is a promo for this week's WWE SmackDown, which will feature John Cena vs. WWE Champion Jinder Mahal for the first-time ever in a non-title main event.
- This week's WWE 205 Live will feature a Titus Worldwide celebration for new WWE Cruiserweight Champion Akira Tozawa. For those who missed it, it has been confirmed that Neville will get their rematch at SummerSlam on Sunday in Brooklyn.
- As noted, Sasha Banks defeated Nia Jax on tonight's RAW to earn a title shot from RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss at Sunday's WWE SummerSlam pay-view. Sasha tweeted the following after the match and the face-off with Bliss:
You can sit on however high a chair you need. As long I'm here you'll NEVER be on top of the #Raw Women's Division. #BossTown #legitboss — $asha Banks (@SashaBanksWWE) August 15, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
March 31 Britain's energy regulator Ofgem on Friday closed one of the main support mechanisms for large-scale renewable electricity projects to new developers.
Since it was set up in 2002, the Renewable Obligation scheme helped boost the share of Britain's electricity generated from low-carbon energy to 23.5 percent from 1.3 percent, Ofgem said.
The government has reined in subsidies on renewable energy projects since 2015, including ending support for onshore wind farms. When announcing the cuts, the government said it wanted renewable energy projects to compete on a commercial basis.
However, Ofgem extended another scheme, the Energy Company Obligation (ECO), requiring power and gas suppliers to provide energy efficiency measures, such as loft insulation, to vulnerable customers until September 2018.
Britain has some of the most energy inefficient homes in Europe and the measures were aimed to help meet greenhouse gas reduction targets. Several firms, including Centrica and RWE's npower, say ECO is too expensive.
The government is also under pressure to curb rising energy bills with some 2.3 million of Britain's 27 million households deemed fuel poor, meaning the cost of heating their homes leaves them with income below the poverty line.
(Reporting by Oleg Vukmanovic in Milan; Editing by Edmund Blair)
FILE PHOTO: Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman waves as they meet with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, April 11, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
FILE PHOTO: Iran's national flags are seen on a square in Tehran February 10, 2012, a day before the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution. REUTERS/Morteza Nikoubazl/File Photo
LONDON Iran accused Saudi Arabia on Wednesday of seeking tension in the region, saying the Saudi deputy crown prince had made "destructive" comments by ruling out dialogue with Tehran.
Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who is also Saudi defence minister and a son of King Salman, said in unusually blunt remarks on Tuesday that they would protect their kingdom from what they called Iranian efforts to dominate the Muslim world.
"These comments are proof that Saudi Arabia supports terrorism and seeks confrontational and destructive policies in the region and towards Iran," Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bahram Qasemi was quoted as saying by state media.
They said such remarks, in the most optimistic of scenarios, showed Saudis lacked a correct understanding of regional issues.
Tehran and Riyadh have no diplomatic relations at present. Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia severed ties with Iran in 2016 when Iranian protesters stormed the Saudi embassy in Tehran following Riyadh's execution of a prominent Shi'ite Muslim cleric.
Saudi Arabia and Iran compete for influence in the Middle East, supporting rival groups in Syria's civil war.
(Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; editing by Mark Heinrich)
(Photo: Getty Images)
ST. CLOUD -- It's a disease that can affect anyone and become a lifelong commitment to control.
November is Diabetes Awareness Month. Elisa Nielsen is with the CentraCare Diabetes Center. They say while a healthy lifestyle plays a huge role in living with the disease, health officials have come a long way to help patients monitor their insulin.
"We have some great advances in insulin pump therapy. A person would use the pump to give them insulin but there is a sensor in it that helps regulate their blood sugar levels."
Diabetes is where a person's blood sugar levels run too high and can be broken into two categories. Type 1 Diabetes is where a person can't make insulin, and Type 2 Diabetes is where a person can make insulin but can't use it.
Nielsen says as we come together to celebrate Thanksgiving, it's important to be supportive to those with diabetes who may not be able to eat the many holiday treats.
"They can get food pushers that say go ahead and eat this, don't be so restrictive. But when people are trying to make a lifestyle change, it's important to be supportive in what they need to do to make that change."
Some of the warning signs for diabetes include feeling thirsty all the time, rapid weight loss, frequently going to the bathroom, blurred vision, or stomach pain.
BEIJING China's banking regulator on Wednesday published a notice ordering lending institutions to effectively identify and control risks, the latest in a series of moves by the government to shore-up supervision of its financial system.
The China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) document, published on its official website, called on regulatory departments to strengthen oversight and beef-up their inspections to address regulatory shortcomings.
Banks were told to standardize their information disclosure on financial products sold to the public and private placements.
In recent months, financial regulators have issued more than two dozen notices aimed at controlling risk stemming from the generation of loans and the accounting of collateral, to the issuance and accounting of more complicated financial products.
China's leaders have stressed the government is moving this year to address risks in the country's financial system.
Earlier this month, CBRC told the country's banks to conduct "self-inspections" of their use of wealth management products and in other areas where loopholes may have been used to circumvent rules.
This week, the banking regulator also issued guidelines on risk controls for lenders, focusing on loans overdue for 90 days or more, and strengthening liquidity risk management.
(Reporting By Matthew Miller; Editing by Sam Holmes)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
The popular tram has been an institution for more than a century.
It's one of Hong Kong's most popular tourist attractions, carrying more than two million people per year to the top of the Peak for breathtaking views of the skyline and beyond.
Today the Peak Tram celebrates its 130th anniversary and images of its historic past have been released as part of the celebrations.
What's the story of the tram?
The first tram (The Peak Tramways Company, Limited/PA)
It all started back in 1888 as the brainchild of Scottish entrepreneur Alexander Findlay Smith. At the time, it was the first cable funicular railway in Asia and it primarily helped increase trade to Smith's hotel on top of the Peak.
While the Governor doubted the necessity of such a tram service, the tram was an instant success when it opened, carrying 600 people on the very first day. By the end of its first year, it had carried 150,000 passengers, which was almost all of Hong Kong's population at the time.
What did the first tram look like?
A second generation tram (The Peak Tramways Company, Limited/PA)
The original tram was made of wood and could carry 30 passengers in three classes – first, second and third. One-way tickets cost approximately 10 cents. The carriages were powered by coal and steam and consisted of open rows of slatted seats at the front and the rear, with an enclosed compartment in the centre. In 1926, the Peak Tram switched to an electrical system and increased its capacity to 52 passengers.
What about now?
The 1949 upgrade of the Peak tram saw the shift in colour to green (The Peak Tramways Company, Limited/PA)
Throughout the years, the tram has changed a few times – but the biggest renovation was in 1989, costing HK$20million. Green carriages were replaced with the iconic red ones which still climb the hills of Hong Kong, with a capacity of 120 passengers.
The Peak Tram as we know it today (Peak Tramways Company, Limited /PA)
How to do it
Return tickets on The Peak Tram start from HK$52 (approximately £4.75).
For more information about Hong Kong, visit DiscoverHongKong.com
© Press Association 2018
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The sweet romantic comedy "The Big Sick" and female directors were among the more surprising shut outs from the Golden Globe nominations Monday, which, as usual, includes many expected and worthy choices among some that are more peculiar.
Trying to make sense of the nomination choices of the 90 some members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association can often be a futile exercise — there are always going to be oddities like an Ansel Elgort nod for "Baby Driver" — but here are some of the biggest snubs and surprises:
NO FEMALE DIRECTORS, COMPOSERS
Women might be at the center of four out of five of the films that snagged the best director nominations, including "The Shape of Water," ''Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri," ''The Post" and "All the Money in the World," but the filmmakers behind the projects this year were all men. It's a glaring oversight in a year jam-packed with excellent female-directed films, like Greta Gerwig's "Lady Bird," Dee Rees' "Mudbound," Patty Jenkins' "Wonder Woman," Angelina Jolie's "First They Killed My Father" and Sofia Coppola's "The Beguiled."
Advertisement
"Lady Bird" did get a nod for best motion picture, musical or comedy and its Gerwig-penned screenplay, Jolie's was nominated in the foreign film category, and Mary J. Blige was singled out for their performance in "Mudbound," but it's hard not to notice the lack in the directing category in an industry where, in 2016, only 7 percent of the top 250 films of the year were directed by women.
No female composers were nominated either.
THE BIG SHUT OUT
One of the more shocking exclusions from the Globe nominations is the romantic comedy "The Big Sick," which comedian Kumail Nanjiani based on their real life courtship, and life-threatening setbacks, with their now wife Emily V. Gordon. The two wrote the screenplay together and Nanjiani played themselves in the film, opposite Zoe Kazan, with Holly Hunter playing their mother. The film has been one of the most celebrated of the year since its premiere last January at the Sundance Film Festival and splashy acquisition by Amazon. Another Sundance film, "Wind River," was also among the surprising shut outs, especially after the filmmakers wrested back control from The Weinstein Company.
JORDAN PEELE IGNORED
Jordan Peele's directorial debut "Get Out" scored both the best comedy/musical nomination and a nod for its lead actor, Daniel Kaluuya, but the man behind the phenomenon, Peele, failed to get recognition for their screenplay or their direction. Peele took it in stride, tweeting that they are, "so damn proud of Daniel and the cast and crew of GET OUT" with a fist bump emoji.
LOVE FOR UNREVIEWED FILMS
Two films that have yet to be released or reviewed (and in some cases even seen) by critics, "All the Money in the World" and "The Greatest Showman," scored three Golden Globe nominations each. The P.T. Barnum musical "The Greatest Showman" earned the best musical or comedy nomination and an acting nod for Hugh Jackman. The Getty kidnapping drama "All the Money in the World," which got a publicity boost when Scott decided to replace Kevin Spacey with Christopher Plummer six weeks before the film's release, got a nod for Plummer, actor Michelle Williams and Scott. Films like "The Post," ''Phantom Thread" and "Molly's Game" are also yet to be released in theaters, but at least those have been widely seen and evaluated by critics and press beyond the mysterious members of the HFPA.
NEWCOMERS OUTSHINE TELEVISION MAINSTAYS
Popular and critically-acclaimed shows "Veep," ''Narcos" and "Orange is the New Black" were shut out of Globes nominations this year, giving way in some cases to newcomers like Showtime's "SMILF," USA's "The Sinner," Amazon's "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel" and HBO's "Big Little Lies" and "The Deuce," but the Globes often favor the new and shiny television shows.
SEXUAL MISCONDUCT TAKES ITS TOLL
Under the glare of sexual misconduct allegations against Kevin Spacey and Jeffrey Tambor, neither "House of Cards" nor "Transparent" received any Golden Globe nominations. Both shows, and actors, have been Golden Globes darlings. Tambor has won once and been nominated twice since 2015 for their performance in "Transparent," while Spacey has picked up one nomination and one win since 2014. While it might not be all that surprising or, exactly, a snub, it is notable for being an early indication for how awards season might go for not only those accused of sexual misconduct, but the shows and films they're associated with too.
Pamela Adlon did, however, get an acting nomination for "Better Things," despite its association with Louis C.K., a co-creator and frequent writer on the FX show. C.K. will have no future association with the show, but the same is also true of Spacey and "House of Cards."
___
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Davenport, Iowa – October 5, 2017 – Elanders Americas has, for the seventh consecutive year, achieved G7® Master Qualification, awarded by Idealliance®, a not-for-profit industry group dedicated to guiding print production best practices, specifications, and standards, worldwide.
Elanders Americas joins a select group of print service providers who have successfully completed training, examination and qualification process of their print production processes, validating their capabilities to the highest level of global industry standards and specifications.
G7 is Idealliance's industry-leading set of best practices for achieving gray balance and is the driving force for achieving visual similarity across all print processes. The application of this method enables printers to reproduce a similar visual appearance across all printing types and substrates.
“Quality and repeatability are important to our customers,” says Don Singleton, Director of Manufacturing at Elanders Americas. “Our commitment to the G7 method demonstrates our dedication to better serving our customer's objectives for brand integrity and consistency across substrates, presses, and print platforms.”
“We applaud Elanders Americas for utilizing the G7 Master Program to assure consistency and quality in their proofing, brand color management and print processes,” commented Steve Bonoff for Idealliance. “G7 Master Qualification demonstrates a level of control and expertise that places Elanders Americas at the top of their field. We applaud their leadership, commitment and support of the G7 Master Qualification Program.”
Glass Tiger will take the Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre stage Nov. 1. (Photo submitted)
Canadian rock icons love the Okanagan. And Glass Tiger is no different in that regard.
Born in the depths of 1980s Ontario, Glass Tiger is gearing up to rock the Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre Nov. 1 at 7:30 p.m.
“Our performances have never been tighter, and we are playing at our highest level ever. We are re-ignited, recharged and looking forward to every single show on the tour “ says lead singer Alan Frew, who recently bounced back from a 2015 stroke.
Frew made a full recovery before the Tigers' Feb. 16 drop 31 and is now as strong as ever.
With five JUNO Awards, a Grammy nomination, four platinum albums, a sold gold record, 14 hit singles and more than five million albums sold worldwide under its collective belt, Glass Tiger has worked hard to put Canada on the charts.
Along with artist, writer and performer, Johnny Reid, Glass Tiger has ventured into the studio and come out with 12 of their best songs totally re-imagined.
These time-tested songs like Don't Forget me when I am Gone, Someday, Thin Red Line, My Song, I Will Be There, Love me Like a Man, My Town featuring Rod Stewart and many more, will be presented with all the exquisite charm, honesty and simplicity as the day they were written in an organic, amped up acoustic format.
Tickets are $45 and go on sale at the Ticket Seller, 250-550-7469, www.ticketseller.ca, April 27. An Evening with Glass Tiger is presented by the Kootenay Concert Connection.
Related: Band refuses to break after 25 years
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
An 88-year-old woman suffering Parkinson's disease was fleeced of $45,000 by a man who has been jailed 82 times.
Damien Hakaraia was sentenced by the Whanganui District Court this week to 22 months' imprisonment on 23 charges of using a document to obtain an advantage.
Judge Dugald Matheson also ordered Hakaraia to pay $7500 reparation costs.
Judge Matheson told the court that Hakaraia's partner was an alleged co-offender and was employed at the healthcare facility where the victim lived.
Advertisement
"She was employed as a caregiver at the healthcare facility. They dealt with the victim and had access to their personal affairs," the judge said.
"The victim had their eftpos card stolen from their handbag (which was) in their wardrobe in their room."
On October 4, Hakaraia's partner failed to report to work and on October 18 they informed their manager that they would not be returning and resigned from their role.
"Over a period of time, this defendant and their co-offender used the victim's stolen eftpos card to complete numerous transactions over numerous locations," Judge Matheson said.
"As is often the way with matters such as this, they have nothing to show for the amount taken from the victim."
The victim had $30,000 returned to them by their bank, but in a statement, their niece said that the process had been extremely stressful for both themselves and their aunt.
It stated that the victimt was devastated when they learned what had happened and it took them some time to get over the impact of their trust being breached.
Judge Matheson said Hakaraia's life revolved around methamphetamine and gambling. During October they made transactions at local bars and TAB outlets throughout the Central Districts using the victim's eftpos card.
"Mr Hakaraia has appeared nearly every year since [his] first convictions in the district court back in 1998 and they have some 20 pages of adult convictions totalling in all 152," Judge Matheson said.
"He has been sadly imprisoned 82 times for separate offences.  They are caught in a vicious cycle and he's currently receiving treatment for depression."
LONDON The English High Court on Wednesday dismissed an attempt by oil and gas services group Unaoil and the wealthy Ahsani family to force the UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO) to return or destroy material collected during raids in Monaco last year.
Unaoil, run by chairperson Ata Ahsani and their sons Cyrus and Saman, alleged the SFO had relied on misstatements and omissions when it asked Monegasque authorities to raid properties, seize material and arrest the men for questioning.
The SFO, which announced last July that it had launched a criminal investigation into Unaoil, its officers, employees and agents in connection with suspected bribery, corruption and money laundering, was awarded legal costs.
Unaoil Chairman Ata Ahsani, former chief executive Cyrus and chief operating officer Saman are British nationals of Iranian descent who live in Monaco.
The dispute centred on an SFO Letter of Request (LOR) sent to authorities in Monaco on March 23, 2016, in which the UK agency asked for immediate assistance with its investigation.
The Unaoil holding company, its Monaco subsidiary and the three men argued that the SFO's letter was unlawful, partly because it failed to disclose key information and because it was "a fishing expedition" - impermissibly unspecific.
The judges agreed that the letter could have been better expressed. But they concluded that "various challenges to the LOR all fail and must be dismissed".
"We are disappointed the High Court found that the standards of disclosure for foreign requests should not be closer to the obligations of candour required for domestic search and seizure applications," Unaoil said in a statement.
"...The consequences of the SFO's raid in Monaco continue to have a deleterious impact on our business. We shall continue to assert our legal right and we are confident that once this investigation is concluded we will be cleared of all wrongdoing."
According to extracts from the letter, which were quoted in the judgment, the SFO asked for urgent assistance because there was a danger that relevant evidence could be destroyed.
Six days later, authorities in Monaco raided the Unaoil office and the Ahsani homes, seizing documents, computers and other property, and arresting the three Ahsani men for questioning.
The SFO has not filed criminal charges against the company or the men.
(Reporting by Kirstin Ridley, editing by David Evans)
GUATEMALA CITY (AP) " A magnitude 6.9 earthquake in western Guatemala near the border with Mexico caused moderate damage to homes, triggered some landslides across highways and injured at least one person early Wednesday, officials said.
The U.S. Geological Survey reported the tremor was centered 8 kilometers (5 miles) southwest of Tajumulco, Guatemala about 111 kilometers (69 miles) below the surface.
Guatemala's emergency coordination agency said the quake struck at 1:29 a.m. local time in the department of San Marcos west of the capital near the Mexican border, but was felt throughout the country.
The country's National Civil Police said one person was injured in San Sebastian Retalhuelu in southern Guatemala when part of a church collapsed. Julio Sanchez of the volunteer firefighters said the man, who was passing by the church when the earthquake struck, was receiving care.
Advertisement
Authorities reported several departments, or states, without electricity.
Across the border in Chiapas, Mexico, Gov. Manuel Velasco said via Twitter that there were reports of cracked walls and shattered windows in Huixtla, but so far no injuries. The state's Civil Protection authorities said the quake was felt throughout the state.
There was no tsunami warning.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Accelya Kale Solutions Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL PROFIT 223 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 230 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 919.5 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS 881.3 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* RECOMMENDED DIVIDEND OF 14 RUPEES PER SHARE Source text: bit.ly/2GIpj4o Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta delivers a speech during a visit to the United Aryan Export Processing Zone textile factory in Nairobi, Kenya, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Baz Ratner
NAIROBI Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta said on Thursday their government would not tolerate violence between rival camps of supporters in party primaries before a national election in August.
Two parliamentary candidates have been treated in hospital after being caught up in such a clash - a decade after an eruption of ethnic violence, in which more than 1,200 people were killed, following a disputed presidential poll.
"A culture of hooliganism during the electoral process must not and will not be allowed to gain currency and acceptance," Kenyatta told a news conference at the main State House.
Kenyatta, the wealthy son of the country's first president, is running for a second and final five-year term in the Aug. 8 vote.
The 2013 election passed off fairly peacefully, after opposition leader Raila Odinga, who is seen as Kenyatta's main rival, challenged Kenyatta's election in court. The court upheld the result.
Kenyatta's Jubilee Party and dozens of others are nominating their candidates, to beat the April 26 deadline, and hand over nominees to the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) by May 10 as required by law.
The main opposition coalition, the National Super Alliance of Kenya (Nasa), has yet to name its presidential candidate from among its top leaders, who include Odinga, and their 2013 running mate, Kalonzo Musyoka.
Millions of voters will also pick a new parliament and local authorities when they cast their ballots in August.
Contests to lead the country's 47 local authorities are expected to be hard-fought affairs due to their budgets of billions of shillings.
Kenyatta said that all political parties taking part in the nominations had been given police protection to stem any acts of violence or hooliganism.
"Anybody who engages in acts of violence will be dealt with in accordance with the law, irrespective of who they are," they said.
(Editing by Duncan Miriri and Alison Williams)
The EU's refugee agreement with Turkey has been in force for two years. It was signed on March 18, 2016, in an attempt to solve one of Europe's most pressing problems: the enormous influx of refugees.
While Syrian refugees were looking for safe countries where they and their families could live, EU-Turkey relations were placed under a huge strain.
Read more: Opinion: The EU's grubby and dangerous deal with Turkey
What happened in the second year of the agreement?
According to the United Nations, Turkey has been hosting 2,900,000 refugees. Turkey, however, says that their number recently rose to around 3,500,000.
Turkey repeatedly threatened to terminate the agreement because, firstly, the EU has not paid the stipulated amount, and secondly, the visa freedom for Turkish citizens provided for under the agreement has not been implemented.
Watch video 01:31 Share Migration Crisis Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2rsyW How effective is the EU-Turkey Deal?
For the EU, the question has been how to get the money together, while for Turkey the more important issue has been when the money would arrive. According to Dr. Cigdem Nas, president of the Foundation for Economic Development, the main hurdle has been the differing views held by Turkey and the EU on how the funds should be used. While Turkey has been applying pressure and, above all, has wanted to satisfy the overriding needs of the refugees, there have been delays because the EU member states' funds have had to be monitored by the EU, they say.
Asylum policy expert Dr. Basak Yavcan says that a lot of money has been spent on the high administrative costs of international civil society organizations. For this reason, less money has reached the refugees, they explain.
How much has the EU paid so far?
Under the agreement, Turkey was promised €6 billion in financial aid, to be used by the Turkish government to finance projects for Syrian refugees. According to the EU Commission, €3 billion has already flowed into Turkey to cover the costs of educating half a million Syrian children.
The EU Commission decided on Wednesday that the second installment of €3 billion, promised under the refugee agreement, would be made available. The Turkish government, on the other hand, declared that it had so far received €1.85 billion from the EU. Financial assistance from the EU fund reaches Turkey through projects. The aid is not delivered to the government's coffers.
Parents of Syrian children receive money if they send them to school
How many refugees are in Turkey?
From 2016, as a result of the agreement, the number of refugees entering Europe illegally via the Aegean Sea decreased. Even though numbers were far below those of 2015 when the crisis began, Gerald Knaus, the mastermind behind the refugee pact and chairperson of the European Stability Initiative (ESI), believes the agreement is in danger. According to Knaus, in the first half of 2017, almost 9,000 people came to Europe via the Aegean Sea, while in the second half of the year this figure had risen to 20,000. But according to the EU Commission, the number of refugees who came to Greece via Turkey fell by 97 percent compared to the period before the agreement.
Under the agreement, Syrian refugees are exchanged between Turkey and EU countries. The arrangement is that the EU sends all Syrians who reached the Greek islands illegally after March 20, 2016, back to Turkey. In return, legal Syrian refugees are accepted into the EU.
Because return procedures in Greece are slow, only 1,564 Syrians were sent back to Turkey between 2016 - 2018. In addition, a further 600 Syrians were sent back to Turkey under the agreement between Turkey and Greece. In exchange, 12,489 Syrians from Turkey were resettled in EU countries. Germany took in 4,313, the Netherlands 2,608, France 1,401 and Finland 1,002 Syrian refugees. The EU member states Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Denmark did not accept any refugees at all.
Read more: The EU migrant relocation and resettlement scheme - what you need to know
What is the situation for refugees in Turkey?
Syrians in Turkey do not have official refugee status. For this reason, their conditions do not meet international standards of protection. Around 1,000 Syrians are placed under temporary protection per day. Asylum policy expert Yavcan says that more than 3.5 million Syrians are under protection. This status gives them the right to education and health care.
Listen to audio 03:55 Share Inside Europe: EU money for refugees in Turkey Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uQh4 Inside Europe: EU money for refugees in Turkey
Cash aid for families is conditional on sending children to school. Because of this, 65 percent of school-age refugees receive an education, Yavcan says.
What is the future of the Syrians in Turkey?
The EU is making further billions of euros available to support refugees in Turkey. But what is this money to be used for? Nas says that to avoid delays like those caused by the first aid installment and to ensure that the resources made available by the EU are more transparent, the city councils in Turkey should also have to submit project applications. Nas explains that while the first half of the aid focused on meeting refugees' immediate needs, the second half must be used for cultural integration, language learning, vocational training and employment.
From now on, Turkey needs to ask itself a question about the agreement, Nas says: "What should the Syrians' future look like?"
Watch video 03:12 Share Refugee art in Beirut Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2u0RW Aid groups help children deal with trauma through art
The most important thing for Syrian refugees now, according to Yavcan, is that they learn the language and find a job. They say that currently, only 20,000 Syrians have a work permit and at least 800,000 Syrians work illegally, many of whom are children.
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
DUESSELDORF, Germany A court on Monday sentenced a German man to life in prison for an attempted bomb attack on a train station in 2012, attempted murder of the leader of a far-right anti-Muslim party and for founding a terrorist organisation.
Marco G. shouted "Allahu Akbar!" (God is greatest) as they entered the courtroom.
Three others were convicted in the same case, a German, a German-Turkish citizen and an Albanian. They received prison sentences of between 9-1/2 years and 12 years for membership of the terrorist group and for the plan to kill Markus Beisicht, head of Pro NRW, a small far-right party in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
"The court has sentenced the main suspect to life in prison for attempted murder, attempted explosives attack, the founding of and membership in a terrorist organisation and the attempted murder of the head of 'Pro NRW'," said Peter Schuetz, spokesperson for Duesseldorf's higher regional court.
The court did not name the terrorist organisation.
The court said in a statement that Marco G. had tried on Dec. 10, 2012 to detonate a homemade bomb hidden in a sports bag on a platform of Bonn's central train station.
It said the bomb could have killed many people but never went off because its fragile detonator was damaged.
The court said Marco G. had, along with the three other defendants, planned several other attacks.
"The defendants are inhuman terrorists with an extremely high willingness to commit violence," said Duscha Gmel, senior public prosecutor.
"The fact that nothing happened is not thanks to them. In the case of the Bonn bomb it was merely a lucky coincidence that no explosion with devastating consequences took place."
The sentences could still be appealed at the federal supreme court.
(Reporting by Reuters Television, Tom Kaeckenhoff and Anneli Palmen; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Andrew Roche)
Toronto van massacre accused Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, was wearing a white forensic jumpsuit when they appeared in court.
They spoke their name and agreed that they understood the charges.
They showed no expression, nodding along and speaking abruptly and clearly when they addressed the court.
Advertisement
Minassian, who does not yet have a lawyer, was ordered to not contact any of their victims.
First degree murder carries a life sentence in Canada.
Police secure an area around a covered body after Monday's attack in Toronto. Photo / AP
An elderly man sat silently in court with tears running down their face as Minassian appeared.
They were mobbed by a large media pack as they left court.
Asked if they had any message to Toronto, they quietly said: "Sorry".
There is still no indication of a motive for yesterday's attack, which left a 2km path of destruction down one of Toronto's busiest streets.
Vahe Minassian, father of Alek Minassian, is surrounded by members of the media as they leaf court with a police escort in Toronto. Photo / AP
Authorities continue to play down any connections to terrorism.
Minassian will reappear in court on May 10.
A bitterness toward women?
Shortly before Monday's attack on a crowded Toronto street, a chilling post appeared on Minassian's now-deleted Facebook account saluting Elliot Rodger, a community college student who killed six people and wounded 13 in shooting and stabbing attacks near the University of California, Santa Barbara, before apparently shooting themselves to death in 2014.
Calling Rodger "the Supreme Gentleman", the Facebook post declared: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys!"
The 22-year-old Rodger had used the term "incel" — for involuntarily celibate — in online posts raging at women for rejecting them romantically. Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use "Chad" and "Stacy" as dismissive slang for men and women with more robust sex lives.
Monday's Facebook post mentions that "Private (Recruit) Minassian" is speaking, and Facebook confirmed the post was on an account that belonged to the suspect. The social networking site took down their account after the attack, saying in a statement: "There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts."
Elliot Rodger was known as the "virgin killer". Photo / Supplied
Minassian lived with their family in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, on a street of sizeable, well-tended brick homes. Police say they had no criminal record before Monday.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, wept and seemed stunned as they watched as their son, showing little emotion, make a brief court appearance today.
A 'socially awkward' student
Minassian attended Seneca College, according to their LinkedIn profile; although a spokesperson for the Toronto-area school didn't immediately respond to an inquiry about him.
Another student, Joseph Pham, told the Toronto Star that Minassian was in a computer programming class with them just last week.
Pham described Minassian as a "socially awkward" student who kept to himself: "He didn't really talk to anyone."
Before college, Minassian attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011. A Thornlea classmate, Ari Blaff, told CBC News they recall Minassian was "sort of in the background", not the centre of any particular group of friends.
"He wasn't overly social," Blaff told the news broadcaster.
Thornlea and Seneca declined to discuss Minassian.
A stint in the military
Minassian joined the Canadian Armed Forces last year, but their stay was brief. The Department of National Defence says they were a member of the military from August 23 to October 25, but didn't complete their recruit training. They asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days, the department said.
— with AP
Bhejna hai to un deshon mein kyo bhejte ho jahan roti nahi hai. Desh ke badshah aisa chahte hain to Europe bheje, America ke tanashah se bhi achi dosti hai unki. Par total migration hona chahiye: A.Khan on Wasim Rizvi stmt 'Muslims protesting Ram Mandir must go to Pak/Bangladesh' pic.twitter.com/BLJeHxVMFw
— ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) February 3, 2018
Commenting on the statement made by UP's Shia Waqf Board Chairman Waseem Rizvi, Azam Khan on Saturday said that if you want to send people who oppose building of Ram Temple, why send them to counties which can't even offer them bread.He added '"Desh ke badshah aisa chahte hain to Europe bheje, America ke tanashah se bhi achi dosti hai unki. Par total migration hona chahiye"Waseem Rizvi had previously suggested that Muslims who are against building Ram temple in Ayodhya “must go to Pakistan and Bangladesh”.The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the Babri Masjid/Ram Janambhoomi dispute from February 8.
Another sunny, dry, and mild day will start the week off, with patchy early morning fog possible in western valleys. High pressure will keep this trend, as it continues to dominate the weather picture over the next few days. However, a weak passing system will bring a chance of light snowfall in the northwest mountains late Wednesday.
Detailed Forecast
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A cake baked by Reading's iconic biscuit factory is almost good enough to eat after more than century in the planet's most inhospitable enviroment.
The Huntley and Palmers fruit cake is believed to have been left in Antarctica by the famous British explorer Robert Falcon Scott, during their Terra Nova Expedition which began in 1910.
Conservators from the Antarctic Heritage Trust, who discovered the tough treat, said it was "in excellent condition" and "looked and smelt almost edible".
They found the cake wrapped in paper, inside an iron alloy tin, while they were working inside a hut in Cape Adare which was built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's team in 1899.
Captain Scott, who was said to be fond of fruit cake, used the hut in 1911 while they were on their final expediton.
"With just two weeks to go on the conservation of the Cape Adare artefacts, finding such a perfectly preserved fruitcake in amongst the last handful of unidentified and severely corroded tins was quite a surprise," said Lizzie Meek, conservation manager for artefacts at the Antarctic Heritage Trust.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
"It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favourite item on modern trips to the ice."
The New Zealand based trust will return the fruit cake to the hut after it has carried out its conservation work.
Unfortunately, Captain Scott never got the chance to eat it, as they died in March 1912 with two of their companions, on their return journey from the South Pole.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
You can download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — A bicyclist is suing the city of Portland for $566,000 after they hit a pair of concrete islands on their way home from the World Naked Bike Ride, causing them to crash and break their nose, arm and two fingers.
The Oregonian/OregonLive reported Friday that, according to the lawsuit, a fully-clothed Charles Ziemer was pedaling back to their car after participating in the June 2016 ride when their wheels suddenly struck the islands.
The lawsuit filed in Multnomah County Circuit Court faults the city for failing to put reflectors or lights on the islands and situating them in a travel lane.
An employee at the Portland city attorney's office says the city doesn't comment on pending litigation.
Advertisement
The suit seeks $66,000 in medical bills, plus $500,000 for pain and suffering.
___
Information from: The Oregonian/OregonLive, http://www.oregonlive.com
Contact
Dushyant Verma
***@thedigitalgroup.com Dushyant Verma
End
-- The mobile app development arm of T/DG announced the launch of PulseRx, an app that helps connect patients with remote doctors, enter and track important health parameters. Available on iOS, the app is compatible with iOS 8.0 or later versions and can be best viewed on iPhone5 (iOS 9). It's available on the Apple's App store for free. To download, visit: apple.co/2mQldwtAcclaimed to be the "Family's Wellness Manager", the app eliminates the need to maintain physical files of medical reports. It lets you enter and track details such as Blood Sugar levels, Temperature, BMI, Blood Pressure or Oxygen headings within the app. Medical history such as allergies and previous surgeries can also be recorded using this app. These reports and graphically represented health-data patterns can be archived or retrieved whenever required. The app also supportsthrough integratedsuch as the Omron BP Monitor.Patients can havewith any doctor registered on the app, once they have that. The patients also cangiven to them, rate the prescriptions, and share reports in multiple formats with the doctor. They can also add family members and friends as patients and closely monitor their health. Reports and prescriptions can be shared with non-app users using modes such as email, SMS, and WhatsApp etc.For a Doctor, the app works as an "on-the-go medical assistant". Doctors can view medical reports, previous prescriptions, and prevailing health conditions of all their patients at one central location without having to carry a single piece of paper. They can give new prescriptions and analyze their patient's health anytime, anywhere. They can also refer patients to other doctors registered on the app.With capabilities that can help unleash the power of push notifications, social media integration, location API, graphical API and much more, T/DG is gradually establishing itself as a reliable app development partner.T/DG is a trusted Information Technology partner for businesses across the globe. Our comprehensive IT Services include a full spectrum of Product Engineering and Development Services, Software and Data Solutions as well as Enterprise Information Management Solutions that help organizations optimize productivity, enhance operational capabilities, boost revenues, drive innovations and fire up time-to-market cycles in a dynamic environment.With focus on building long-term client relationships, we provide a range of Services from Concept-To-Complete;spanning Product Development, Maintenance, Support and Operations. Our commitment to innovate coupled with decades of experience delivering excellence for our customers, vital technology partnerships and global delivery centers across the US & Asia Pacific make T/DG an ideal choice for next generation initiatives.T/DG is a CMMi Level 5 ver1.3 Dev and Service Appraised company along with certifications in ISO 9001:2008, ISO 20000-1:2011, ISO 27001:2013, ISO 22301:2012 and SSAE 16, Type II. For more information, visit http://www.thedigitalgroup.com
(Reuters) - Apple Inc's hint of returning a ton of cash to shareholders was not enough to move investors who worried more about the iPhone maker's weak outlook amid reports of production cuts for its flagship iPhone X.
Apple shares were down about 1.4 percent at $165.42 in early trade on Friday.
The iPhone X was the first phone to get a major design overhaul since the launch of the iPhone 6 in 2015, and many expected it to lead to blockbuster sales.
On Thursday, the Cupertino-based tech giant said it sold fewer iPhones over the holiday quarter than Wall Street expected, and sees revenue of $60 billion to $62 billion and gross margins of between 38 percent and 38.5 percent for its fiscal second quarter ending in March.
Analysts were expecting $65.7 billion in sales and a gross margin of 38.9 percent for the March quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Analysts at Longbow Research said the revenue guidance implied a low 50 million iPhone shipment forecasts against a consensus of 58.5 million.
“We now forecast 221 million iPhone shipments for fiscal 2018, versus the prior 235 million consensus.”
On Thursday, Apple also said it was planning, over time, to “target a capital structure that is approximately net neutral,” adding that it will “take that balance down from $163 billion to zero,” referring to Apple's level of cash net of debt.
The comments sent its shares up about 3 percent Thursday after the bell.
”iPhone sell-through appears to have declined in the December quarter, which, along with weaker-than-expected
second quarter revenue guidance, reinforces our view of a saturated market,” KeyBanc analysts said in a note, cutting the rating on the stock to ”sector weight” from ”overweight.”“Further, gross margin results and guidance both missed our expectations, which reduces our view of potential profit growth going forward.”
Of 39 analysts who cover the stock, 29 rate it ‘buy' or higher. However, the mixed results triggered varied responses from analysts. At least three brokerages raised their target price on the company's stock largely banking on the possibility of cash returns, while three cut price targets.
“(Apple‘s) cash return should support the stock, but we see little to drive upside,” KeyBanc analysts said.
MONTEVIDEO, April 5 Consumer prices in Uruguay rose 0.68 percent in March, the government said in a statement on Wednesday, bringing the country's 12-month inflation rate to 6.81 percent.
It was the first time since December 2010 that Uruguayan inflation fell within the country's 3 percent to 7 percent target range.
(Reporting by Malena Cristaldi; Editing by Chris Reese)
WITH its unassuming title and a late night midweek slot on Channel 4, it feels like Back has gone a bit under the radar during its recent run.
It's coming to an end with this week's episode the last but I'd urge you to catch up with what's been a frequently hilarious sitcom and a welcome return to the small screen for the ever fruitful partnership of comedians David Mitchell and Robert Webb.
Mitchell plays failed lawyer and divorcee Stephen, who is preparing to take over the family pub after the death of their father.
With Stephen resigned to a quiet life in the country (Stroud provides the setting) in walks in the mysterious stranger Andrew, who claims they were one of the many children fostered by Stephen's parents.
No one is quite sure if Andrew is telling the truth, least of all Stephen whose childhood memories of their father seem very different to the new arrival, but within hours Andrew is charming their new family into accepting him, with Stephen's mentally unstable sister instantly falling for the cuckoo in the nest.
Anyone who loved Peep Show will find much to enjoy about Mitchell and Webb reuniting in roles that are instantly familiar.
Stephen is almost a carbon copy of Mark Corrigan as they flirt unsuccessfully with their ex wife, frets about their dead father and tries in vain to expose Andrew for the charlatan they suspect them for.
Webb relishes their role as smooth Andrew, whose modern ideas for the pub horrify poor Stephen as the John Barleycorn is turned into a hipster's paradise via chorizo, brie paninis and ‘glamping' in the beer garden.
The humour tends to err on the dark side, with my favourite line in the brilliant opening episode summing up much of the atmosphere that runs through Back: “There's a music festival here every summer. It has four stages. Like cancer.”
Hopefully Back will return for a second season before long.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- A powerful downpour is washing out roads and flooding some basements in southwestern Minnesota.
Lyon, Redwood and Murray counties were dealing with headaches Tuesday after an estimated 6 to 8 inches of rain fell overnight in some places.
The Minnesota Department of Transportation closed highways in some flooded areas and warned travelers about the threat of moving water sweeping away vehicles.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
IT MAY not be just the unemployment rate that's causing a downturn in housing approvals in the Bundaberg region.
While Master Builders Queensland Wide Bay Burnett regional manager Will Wilson says that is a major contributing factor local builders say population growth and times of the year impacted the figures.
Bundaberg Homes director Michael Randall said population growth in Bundaberg had stalled, but there was hope on the horizon.
"There are a number of projects in the wind that will start soon, that will impact the numbers,” they said.
While the numbers of building approvals for houses were down 42 per cent in the three months to January this year compared to the same period last year, year-on-year approvals were only down five percent last year - 355 to 336 approvals.
If you go back 10 years housing approvals have dropped by more than half.
Back in 2007, 823 approvals were granted, then the figures start to drop with 490 approved in 2008, until 2012 when only 109 new homes were approved.
Warren Family Homes Supervisor Scott Kratzmann said the December to March period was typically a slow period for building which could be a reason why there were fewer approvals from November to January.
Mr Kratzmann said Warren Family Homes was busy but there was scope to take on more work if it was available.
"It could be a lot busier. We still regularly get a lot of people looking for work,” they said. They said there had been a quite a bit of interest in renovations, ndicating people were buying or staying in existing homes.
While buying something already completed is at attractive option to buyers as the average home costs around $320,000, when you build a new home " you get what you want” Mr Kratzmann said.
Scotland's First Minister and leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP), Nicola Sturgeon, addresses the party's annual conference in Glasgow, Scotland October 15, 2016. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
Ruth Davidson, leader of the Scottish Conservatives, speaks during a news conference after the Scottish Parliament elections, in Edinburgh, Scotland, Britain May 6, 2016. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon attends the launch of the SNP Council manifesto at the Whale Arts centre in Edinburgh, Scotland, Britain April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
Ruth Davidson, the leader of the Conservative Party in Scotland, attends a debate on a second referendum on independence at Scotland's Parliament in Holyrood, Edinburgh, Britain, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
LONDON The Scottish Conservative Party has opened up a 10 percentage point lead over the Scottish Labour Party in an opinion poll, reaching 28 percent, while the Scottish National Party remains in front on 43 percent, pollster Survation said on Sunday.
"Survation's latest poll in Scotland on behalf of the Sunday Post shows the Scottish Conservatives at their highest level in either a Survation Westminster or a Holyrood (the devolved parliament) voting intention ever," Survation said in a statement.
The pollster said it had interviewed 1,018 Scots between April 18-21 for the survey.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper; editing by Jason Neely)
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Share This: Miles Morales Asks A Huge Question In The First Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse Trailer Hilary H
Between Thor: Ragnarok‘s current run in theatres and the anticipation building for both Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War, Marvel fans have tons of MCU action to enjoy—and they just got another major development to look forward to.
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, the animated feature film following a new imagining of Spider-Man (or Spider-Men, as we soon see), just dropped its very first teaser. Peter Parker is nowhere to be found in the clip, which features a hoodie-sporting Spidey as they defy gravity and hurls themselves off skyscrapers and the sides of NYC taxi cabs. This is Miles Morales, voiced by Shameik Moore (of Dope and The Get Down), a teen from Brooklyn who realizes that he's not the only one rocking Spidey's mask.
We get plenty of Spidey's tricks in the 82-second introduction, but a whole new situation unfolds with one simple question when Miles encounter another person wearing the same uniform on a subway platform: “Wait, so… How many of us are there?”
We'll have to wait awhile to find out: Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse will swing into theatres Christmas 2018.
Formula One - F1 - Bahrain Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 15/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland celebrates pole position after the qualifying session. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
Formula One - F1 - Bahrain Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 15/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland drives during the qualifying session. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
MANAMA Words failed Valtteri Bottas on Saturday after the unflappable Finn bounced back from a disappointing Chinese Grand Prix by taking the first pole position of their Formula One career in Bahrain.
Last Sunday the Mercedes driver was downcast after spinning behind the safety car in a race won by triple champion teammate Lewis Hamilton, the 54th victory for the Briton from their 63rd pole.
Hamilton had been gunning for a seventh pole in a row on Saturday but, under the Sakhir floodlights, Bottas produced the perfect riposte by beating them to it by a mere 0.023 of a second.
After 80 attempts, and in their fifth season, they had joined famous Finnish pole sitters like Keke Rosberg, Mika Hakkinen and Kimi Raikkonen.
Team boss Toto Wolff was delighted with the turnaround, even if they had been equally happy with another Hamilton pole, and recalled their conversation with Bottas after the Finn arrived in Bahrain from Shanghai.
"He said Sunday was pretty rough, Monday morning was also not good but Monday afternoon was better already.
"I think it's something that a great driver needs to have, to analyse your mistakes and then overcome them and move on," they added.
"He had a difficult Sunday...but they didn't think too much, came to Bahrain and put it on pole. I think this is another step in their development, which is not finished yet, towards great achievement."
Formula One's Finns have rarely been guilty of emotional overload, with Ferrari's 2007 world champion and 'Iceman' Raikkonen the most famously tight-lipped of a far from loquacious bunch, but Bottas was discernibly happy.
A rare whoop, and a raised fist punching the air, betrayed what was going on under the helmet as Bottas took the first pole by a Finnish driver since McLaren's Heikki Kovalainen in 2008.
"For a moment there you actually showed some emotion. Well done," said Tony Ross, the race engineer who had confused Bottas with now-retired predecessor and champion Nico Rosberg over the team radio in China.
Bottas's mind appeared to go blank when laughingly asked to supply a Finnish word for 'exciting' or 'excited' by Hamilton and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and they kept their feet firmly planted on the ground.
"For sure if you've had a bit of a struggle in the last race it's always nice to start the weekend in a good way but anyway tomorrow is the day that then matters, but it's good.
"I definitely feel now much more comfortable in the car...the more laps, the more time you spend with a car and driving it, you get to be more at one with the car."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
* Dovizioso claims third win for Ducati
* Marquez, Pedrosa took podium for Honda
* Yamaha's Vinales finished sixth, Rossi seventh (Adds quotes, details)
Aug 13 (Reuters) - Ducati's Andrea Dovizioso held off MotoGP points leader Marc Marquez to claim their third victory of the season at the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Dovizioso, who started on a soft rear tyre, took the lead with seven laps to the finish line and maintained a slender advantage over Honda riders Marquez and Dani Pedrosa, who completed the podium.
"It was difficult this weekend," Dovizioso said. "The battle was really nice. We controlled the race for the tyres. Three victories this season... it's really good!"
Marquez, who won the last two races, made a late challenge on Dovizioso in the final corner but the Italian defended well to win the duel and move up to second spot in the battle for the world title.
"I was on the limit, pushing a lot. The last corner was completely on the limit, but this is MotoGP. This is the show. No worries. Next time we'll try again," said Marquez.
Dovizioso's teammate Jorge Lorenzo finished fourth despite taking an early lead in dry conditions at the Red Bull Ring, while Johann Zarco finished fifth.
Yamaha endured a disappointing afternoon with Maverick Vinales and Valentino Rossi taking the sixth and seventh spot, respectively.
Alvaro Bautista secured an eighth-placed finish for Aspar Ducati, with Avintia Ducati's Loris Baz ended ninth.
KTM wildcard Mika Kallio beat last year's winner Andrea Iannone to the 10th spot.
World champion Marquez leads the overall standings with 174 points, 16 ahead of second-placed Dovizioso. Vinales slipped to third spot with 150 points, followed by Rossi on 141. (Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Chinedu Okeke, a Nigerian professional boxer, will be up against a Senegalese, Abdulkareem Ba (Sniper) in an Intercontinental Championship duel billed for Sunday, July 8, 2018 at the famous Iba Mar Diop Stadium, Dakar, Senegal.
The winner of the fight, which is a Light Middleweight category, will contest for the WBC, IBF, WBO and AIBA-approved LBF (Legend Boxing Foundation) Intercontinental Championship title in the same division.
Meanwhile, according to a release from the promoters of the fight, Okeke will be mandated to defend the title in Nigeria if they win on Sunday. The release has it that officials of the Nigeria Boxing Board of Control (NBBofC) will be in Dakar to watch the fight.
Started boxing at a gym in Lagos in 2002, Okeke has had seven wins without a defeat since turning professional in 2015. But due to promotional and management challenges, the pugilist has not really fought professionally in Nigeria.
The fight is being put together and sanctioned by the renowned Heritage Boxing Entertainment, which has carved a niche for boxing promotion in Africa. Other promotional outfits backing the fight include Arik Air, Etat Major des Armees, and Batallion des competitions de boxe anglais.
Speaking ahead of the fight, Okeke ruled out nervousness, saying that it was a dream come true for them to take to the ring.
It's a dream fight; I'm quite excited and not nervous…it's a fight I must win, I trained hard for it and my team has been very supportive.”
Neurology and the CNS is the branch of science dealing with anatomy, function, diagnosis and treatment of disorders and disease affecting the central nervous system (brain and spinal cord). Neuroscience medicine includes but is not limited to the study and treatment of Alzheimer's disease, major depressive disorder, schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease, epilepsy/seizures, migraine, insomnia/sleep disorders, bipolar disorder, and ADHD.
BERLIN: Michy Batshuayi scored twice on their Borussia Dortmund debut in Friday's (Saturday in Manila) 3-2 Bundesliga win at bottom side Cologne — just two days after signing on loan from Chelsea.
Head coach Peter Stoeger, who was sacked by Cologne in December, threw the Belgian striker in at the deep end to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
Dortmund sold their top-scorer to Arsenal for £56 million ($79 million, 63 million euros), then signed Batshuayi hours later than cover until May.
“I am very happy, but the most important thing was the win,” Batshuayi told Eurosport.
“It's my first match, it was always going to be difficult, so I am really happy we got the three points.”
Having already scored 12 goals for Chelsea this season, Batshuayi scored 35 minutes into their Bundesliga debut when they fired home a cross.
Cologne equalised with an hour gone, but the 24-year-old Batshuayi showed ice-cool finishing to restore the lead less than two minutes later.
They could have finished with a hat-trick having put the ball in the net just before the break, but the video assistant referee (VAR) spotted they were offside.
Cologne levelled for the second time when Jorge Mere headed home, but Batshuayi provided the final pass for Andre Schuerrle to hit the winner.
The win broke Dortmund's run of three draws.
It lifts them to second in the table, level on 34 points with Bayer Leverkusen and Schalke who play Saturday, behind leaders Bayern Munich.
The defeat ends Cologne's four-match unbeaten run, which yielded 10 points to boost survival hopes.
Batshuayi grabbed their first goal when Dortmund left-back Jeremy Toljan fired a cross into the box for the Belgian striker to fire home.
The pair combined again just before the break when Batshuayi again tapped home, but the goal was ruled offside by the VAR.
It was 1-0 at the break, but Cologne drew level on 60 minutes when second-half replacement midfielder Simon Zoller finished off a counter-attack.
However, Dortmund replied almost immediately.
Christian Pulisic headed down a long ball and Batshuayi robbed Cologne defender Dominique Heintz before firing home from a tight angle.
Cologne equalised again on 69 minutes when Mere headed home from a corner.
Shuerrle claimed their first league goal for 11 months when Batshuayi spotted the Germany winger free on the right and they smashed home the winner.
Swiss centre-back Manuel Akanji, who cost 21.5 million euros ($26.4 million) from Basel last month, made their Dortmund debut in the dying stages off the bench.
AFP
May 4 Eclipx Group Ltd:
* Entered into scheme implementation deed under to acquire 100% of shares in Grays Ecommerce Group
* Deal implies a transaction value of $178.9 million
* Excluding contribution from Grays, Eclipx is currently on track to deliver FY17 NPATA growth of 18 pct to 21 pct
* Targets $20 million full run-rate synergies from deal, anticipated to be achieved within 12-24 months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Logo of Saudi Aramco is seen at the 20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show and Conference (MOES 2017) in Manama, Bahrain, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
DUBAI The planned sale of a stake in Saudi Arabia's national oil company Saudi Aramco will occur through an initial public offer of shares in 2018, and the stake sold "will be not be very far off 5 percent", Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said on Tuesday.
Prince Mohammed was speaking in a nationally televised interview, a year after they launched a series of radical economic reforms including the partial privatization of Aramco.
The listing of Aramco, expected to be the world's biggest IPO and raise tens of billions of dollars, is a centerpiece of the government's ambitious plan - known as Vision 2030 - to diversify the economy beyond oil.
"We have two main factors to decide the percentage to be listed ... First the demand, whether there will be demand or not. Second, what do we have in terms of investments in the pipeline inside Saudi or outside," Prince Mohammed said, referring to opportunities to invest proceeds of the IPO.
Aramco will be listed on the Saudi bourse in addition to one or more foreign stock exchanges, Saudi officials have said.
Prince Mohammed said that even after the listing, the Saudi government would retain sole control over Aramco's oil and gas reserves and would decide on production levels. Aramco will have a concession to monetize those reserves.
"The Saudi government will decide on the production ceiling. It is in the interest of the Saudi government to increase the production not reducing it," Prince Mohammed said.
"The government will not take a decision that goes against its interest or the interest of the company regarding the production."
Riyadh has traditionally kept an "spare cushion" of excess production capacity, allowing it to raise or reduce levels to influence prices according to the government's market strategy. Private oil companies, by contrast, do not hold back output for strategic gain.
The proceeds from the Aramco sale will help to develop other industries inside Saudi Arabia and will be invested by the kingdom's Public Investment Fund, its top sovereign wealth fund, which will spend more than 500 billion riyals ($133.3 billion) over three years after Aramco's IPO, Prince Mohammed said.
Prince Mohammed, who oversees the kingdom's economic and energy policies, is leading the Vision 2030 reform drive.
Last year, they said they expected the IPO would value Aramco at least $2 trillion. Any valuation would account for both oil price expectations and the size of Saudi Arabia's proven oil reserves.
Saudi Arabia, the world's top oil exporter, has led OPEC and other oil producers to cut crude supply by 1.8 million barrels per day from January for six months to drain a global glut and support prices. The pact is expected to be extended for another six months when OPEC meets on May 25.
"Production is not a political decision, it is an economic decision ... governed by supply and demand, and through the coordination with OPEC and producers from outside OPEC so there is no collapse in oil prices," Prince Mohammed said.
(Reporting by Rania El Gamal; Editing by Andrew Torchia and Jane Merriman)
Afghan warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar (C) arrives to speak to supporters in Laghman province, Afghanistan April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Parwiz
MEHTAR LAM, Afghanistan In their first public speech since signing a peace deal with the Afghan government, one of Afghanistan's most notorious warlords on Saturday called for the Taliban to stop fighting and begin negotiations.
"I invite you to join the peace caravan and stop the pointless, meaningless and unholy war," Gulbuddin Hekmatyar said to a gathering of their followers and Afghan politicians in Laghman province, east of the capital, Kabul.
"I want a free, proud, independent and Islamic Afghanistan," they said.
In February the United Nations Security Council agreed to drop sanctions against Hekmatyar, paving the way for them to return openly to Afghanistan.
The Afghan government requested the move as part of a peace deal with Hekmatyar and their militant group, Hezb-i-Islami, in September.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani welcomed Hekmatyar's public return, saying the former strongman would cooperate with the government.
"Hezb-i-Islami leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar's return will have remarkable effects on peace, stability, prosperity and development in all aspects," Ghani's office said in a statement.
The deal has been criticised by some Afghans and human rights groups for the pardon it granted to Hekmatyar and many of their fighters.
Hekmatyar's return "will compound the culture of impunity", Human Rights Watch researcher Patricia Gossman said of the deal, calling it an "affront" to victims of abuses.
A controversial figure from the insurgency against the Soviets in the 1980s and the civil wars of the 1990s, Hekmatyar is accused of ordering their fighters to bombard Kabul, leading to many casualties, besides other abuses.
Their faction of Hezb-i-Islami has played a relatively small role in the current conflict, in which the Taliban have a leading role in battling the Western-backed government in Kabul.
In hiding for nearly a decade and a half, Hekmatyar had been designated a "global terrorist" by the United States, which has been leading an international military mission in Afghanistan for the past 15 years.
American and other Western leaders praised the deal with him, however, hoping it could help lead to wider peace in Afghanistan.
(Writing by Josh Smith; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Love is accused of conspiring to kill their daughter's ex-husband in order to get Kurt Cobain's musical instrument back.
Courtney Love's former son-in-law alleges they tried to have them killed in order to get Kurt Cobain's guitar back, according to legal documents.
Isaiah Silva, who was married to Francis Bean Cobain, the only child of Love and the Nirvana frontman, is suing a number of people including Love, their manager Sam Lutfi, actor Ross Butler, private investigator John Nazarian and musician Michael Schenk.
They claim they conspired to murder them in a bid to recover a famous guitar once belonging to Cobain.
Courtney Love is being sued by their former son-in-law who alleges they tried to have them killed over a guitar (Aurore Marechal/PA)
In court documents lodged in Los Angeles, Silva alleges the group are guilty of burglary, robbery, sexual battery, kidnapping, attempted murder, criminal threats, false imprisonment, extortion, stalking, intentional infliction of emotional distress and trespass.
It comes after a US entertainment website earlier this month revealed that as part of their divorce settlement with Bean Cobain, musician Silva got to keep the 1959 Martin guitar that Cobain played during Nirvana's MTV Unplugged performance in 1993.
Cobain killed themselves a year later.
Courtney Love arrives for the ELLE Style Awards 2009 at Big Sky London, 29-31 Brewery Street, London
Love is yet to file an answer to the complaint and has been contacted for comment.
The 329-document alleges that on the morning of June 3 2016, Lutfi, Butler and another man, Yan Yukhtman, “entered into a criminal conspiracy to commit trespass, burglary, home invasion robbery, assault, battery, kidnapping, and murder” to try and recover Cobain's guitar.
Silva alleges they were in the master bedroom of their home with a bandmate when they heard a disturbance downstairs before the property's alarm system was triggered.
Lutfi is said to have pounded on the locked bedroom door while Butler and Yukhtman repeatedly yelled, “police open up!” and “LAPD! (Los Angeles Police Department) Open the f***ing door!”.
Courtney Love performing at the Clash Magazine 50th Edition Party, at the Monarch in Camden, north London
Silva then opened the door, it is claimed, and Lutfi “seized them violently” and dragged them from the bedroom before reacting with shock to the presence of Silva's bandmate, who was ordered to leave.
It is then alleged the three accused physically assaulted Silva.
According to the complaint, they then forced them out of the house and into the back of a black Cadillac Escalade.
A friend of Silva who had also been at the property then called the police, it is claimed, and when officers arrived Lutfi “hurriedly concocted a false story intended to prevent LAPD from arresting them”.
If the police had not been called, Silva alleges they would have been taken to an unspecified location and murdered.
Nazarian told the Press Association, “I do not know anything about any of this”.
Silva is seeking unspecified damages.
© Press Association 2018
Sources close to Fernando Alonso have "strongly denied" suggestions the Spaniard voluntarily quit Sunday's Bahrain grand prix.
After making derogatory comments about the Honda power unit on the radio, Alonso claimed they had an "engine problem" and retired.
But post-race rumours suggested that because they were out of the points, Alonso had simply retired a healthy car.
However, sources close to Alonso "strongly denied" that was the case, according to the Spanish sports daily AS.
Britain's Chris Froome celebrates on the podium in Madrid after winning last year's Spanish Vuelta.
Britain's Chris Froome celebrates on the podium in Madrid after winning last year's Spanish Vuelta. Francisco Seco
TEAM Sky has named Britain's Chris Froome in their team for the Giro d'Italia, which starts next month, despite the ongoing investigation into their adverse doping test.
Briton Froome, 32, is fighting to clear their name after an increased dosage of asthma medication at the Vuelta a Espana last year threw up an adverse analytical finding from a urine sample.
The four-time Tour de France winner's sample showed double the allowed limit of Salbutamol.
They have denied any wrongdoing and is free to race because they are not suspended.
Froome, who has not ridden in the Giro since 2010 and has never won it, will be aiming to become the first rider to complete the Giro-Tour double for 20 years.
Italian Marco Pantani was the last man to achieve the feat, in 1998.
The three-week 3546.2km Giro begins in Jerusalem on May 4.
The Tour de France starts two months later.
- Reuters
March 30 Digital Domain Holdings Ltd :
* FY revenue HK$ 763.5 million versus HK$ 527.3 million
* Board does not recommend payment of a final dividend for year ended 31 December 2016
* Fy loss attributable to owners of company HK$479.4 million versus loss of HK$156.3 million Source text : (bit.ly/2olpCZK) Further company coverage:
State-run telecom operator Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) is offering unlimited local and STD calls to any network for one month at Rs 144. The plan is valid for six months and will also come with 300 MB of data, reported PTI.
The company unveiled the plan on January 1, 2017. The offer is valid for available for both pre-paid and post-paid customers.
“We have 4,400 Wi-Fi hotspots launched countrywide. I think in Mahabalipuram near Chennai has a similar Wi-Fi hotspots. Our immediate strategy is to expand this. In next one year, we will be having around 40,000 Wi-Fi Hotspots across the country,” said Anupam Srivastava, Chairman & Managing Director of BSNL.
The company has also obtained a licence for the 2500 MHz spectrum band from the central government, they said, adding that BSNL will unveil classic LTE (Long Term Evolution, or 4G) spectrum in a phased manner.
* Currency falls on weak Spanish, German inflation numbers
* German yields hit multi-week lows
* Dollar strengthens as Fed policymaker backs rate hikes
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, March 30 The euro dipped and bond yields hit multi-week lows on Thursday as easing inflation in Spain and Germany led investors to row back further on expectations of when the European Central Bank might tighten monetary policy.
The single currency dipped 0.3 percent against the dollar and the yield on Germany's 10-year government bond , the benchmark security for the region, hit a three-week low.
Signs of economic strength and strong inflation data - and an acknowledgement of these factors by policymakers - fuelled talk that the ECB might soon switch out of stimulus mode and follow in the footsteps of the U.S. Federal Reserve, which has embarked on a rate hike cycle.
But annual consumer inflation in Spain eased to 2.1 percent in March, missing Reuters poll forecasts of 2.7 percent, and regional German data pointed to a similar downturn in Europe's biggest economy.
"The Spanish numbers (are) pretty weak... and German regional numbers have also seen a fair bit of slowing... I suspect that's another reason you have a weakening euro," said Investec economist Ryan Djajasaputra.
On Wednesday six sources in and close to the ECB governing council told Reuters euro zone policymakers were keen to reassure investors that their easy money policy was far from ending.
Prior to that report, money markets were pricing in the possibility of an ECB rate hike in December and fully pricing one in for next March. Both were seen as less likely on Thursday.
Euro may have also come under pressure after British Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's exit from the European Union on Wednesday, launching a two-year negotiation process before the divorce comes into effect in late March 2019.
Sterling was down 0.13 percent at $1.2415, having skidded to a one-week low of $1.2377 overnight after British Prime Minister Theresa May formally launched Britain's divorce proceedings from the European Union.
Oil prices, up on disruptions in Libya, buoyed European stocks, which were up 0.8 percent while the broader Euro STOXX 600 was up 0.1 percent.
Earlier, Asian stocks came off two-year highs on a strengthening dollar, up 0.14 percent against a basket of six currencies on Thursday morning.
STEADY DOLLAR
Reassurance overnight from U.S. policymakers went some way towards bolstering faith in the economic and policy direction of the world's richest country, giving support to the dollar.
The greenback edged up against a basket of six major currencies and stayed off four-month lows hit against the Japanese yen earlier this week.
It fell last week after the failure of President Donald Trump's U.S. healthcare reform bill brought the "Trumpflation" trade into doubt.
Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans, a voter on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee, said on Wednesday they supported further interest rate hikes this year given progress on the Fed's goals of full employment and stable inflation.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (editing by John Stonestreet)
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (L) and Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Peter Dutton speak on Australia's citizenship test during a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, April 20, 2017. AAP/Lukas Coch/via REUTERS
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (L) and Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Peter Dutton speak on Australia's citizenship test during a news conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, April 20, 2017. AAP/Lukas Coch/via REUTERS
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (L) and Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Peter Dutton speak on Australia's citizenship test during a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, April 20, 2017. AAP/Lukas Coch/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Australia plans to raise the bar for handing out citizenships by lengthening the waiting period, adding a new "Australian values" test and raising the standard for English language as part of a shake up of its immigration programme.
The move comes in a week when Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced axing a temporary work visa popular with foreigners and replacing it with a tougher programme in a bid to put "Australia First".
Australia has seen the rise of nationalist, anti-immigration politics with far-right wing parties such as One Nation garnering strong public support, while the popularity of Turnbull's ruling centre-right government has been languishing.
The new citizenship requirements are expected to be passed by parliament with the backing of right-wing Senators.
On Thursday, Turnbull said basic English would no longer be sufficient to become an Australian citizen under the new test.
Applicants need a minimum level 6.0 equivalent of the International English Language Testing System, and a person will only become eligible for citizenship after four years as a permanent resident, up from one year.
"What we are doing is strengthening our multicultural society and strengthening our values," Turnbull told reporters in Canberra. "Australian citizenship should be honoured, cherished. It's a privilege."
"I reckon if we went out today and said to Australians, "Do you think you could become an Australian citizen without being able to speak English?" They'd say, "You're kidding. Surely you'd have to be able to speak English."
Turnbull said the current immigration process was mainly "administrative" while the citizenship test largely a "civics test."
The current citizenship multiple-choice questionnaire tests a person's knowledge of Australian laws, national symbols and colours of the Aboriginal flag. But Turnbull said it was not adequate to judge whether a person would accept "Australian values."
"If we believe that respect for women and children and saying no to violence...is an Australian value, and it is, then why should that not be made a key part, a fundamental part, a very prominent part, of our process to be an Australian citizen? Why should the test simply be a checklist of civic questions?"
The new citizenship test will include questions about whether applicants have sent their kids to school, whether they go to work - if they are of working age - and whether becoming part of unruly gangs in cities were Australian values.
"We're standing up for Australian values and the parliament should do so too," Turnbull said.
(Reporting by Swati Pandey; Editing by Michael Perry)
May 2 Deag Deutsche Entertainment Ag
* Deag to boost its market expansion in UK
* Acquisition should be carried out in coming weeks
* Acquisition should lead to increase in available annual ticket volume by about 400,000 tickets to about more than 2.0 million tickets in uk
* Expects significant synergy effects in area of artist and program marketing as well
* Expects to generate profit in current FY in seven-digit range from all ticketing activities in Germany, Austria, UK combined
* Planning to file for a second listing on alternative investment market of London stock exchange Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Fuji Oil Holdings Inc:
* Says the co's top shareholder Itochu Corp transferred its entire owned 25.5 percent stake in the co to its 90-percent-owned unit, which is engaged in research, consulting, investment and financing of foodstuffs business
* Says effective March 30
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/hibTBw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
April 6 Kappahl AB (Publ)
* Says operating profit improved and was SEK 47 (31) million for quarter
* Q2 gross margin 58.9 percent
* Q2 sales in comparable stores +1.9 percent
* Q2 gross margin was positively affected by continued work on pricing and campaign strategies percent
* Reuters poll: Kappahl Q2 op profit was seen at SEK 43 million, comparable sales at +1.8 percent, gross margin at 58.8 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
NEW YORK May 2 When my 8-month old puppy nabbed a chicken thigh bone off a plate and swallowed it whole, I was worried about many things, but the veterinarian bill was not one of them.
Standing at the front counter at the emergency clinic that Sunday night, with my children tearing up next to me, I was presented an estimate of $1,500 for manual extraction - which would jump to $2,500 or more if poor Brownie needed surgery.
Life or death depended on my willingness to put the tab on my credit card immediately.
This is the kind of situation that insurance was made for, and I had it. So I paid the bill and submitted it later for 90 percent reimbursement, reducing my liability for this common puppy indiscretion to $150.
My easy answer to whether pet insurance is worth it? Damn straight it is.
Many people look at this calculus on a simple return-on- investment basis - Am I going to get out of it more than I put in? But the more pertinent question to ask is: How much are you willing to spend out-of-pocket for medical care for a pet?
The actual industry term for making the opposite decision is grim: "economic euthanasia."
Although Americans collectively spend more than $14 billion a year on pet care, our individual thresholds tend to be low. An annual survey of clinics by vet news website DVM360.com found that the stop treatment point for most clients was $1,433 in 2016.
The reason pet insurance got started in North America in the first place was to help owners avoid making life or death decisions about pets based on their ability to pay. Dr. Jack Stephens, a veterinarian from Boise, Idaho, started the first policy in 1981 because they were haunted by a dog they had to put down because the owners could not afford treatment.
Stephens founded PetsBest insurance, which now covers about 80,000 pets. That is just a fraction of the current coverage market of 170 million pets, which in itself is less than 1 percent of the total pets in North America, according to IBISWorld's 2017 market research. The biggest players in the field are Nationwide, Trupanion and PetPlan.
In other countries, particularly in Europe, pet insurance has a much bigger impact, covering about 30 percent of all pets in Sweden and 23 percent in the United Kingdom.
"You always think it will catch on faster," Stephens said.
RISK POOLS
One big issue keeping pet plans from taking off is the same thing that plagues the human health insurance market and is causing such chaos in Congress: risk pools.
For insurance to work, you have to have the right mix of healthy and sick, whether it is cars, people or pets. With the right mix, companies are able to offer affordable coverage for common risks without going bankrupt.
Pet insurance plans used to resemble extremely limited catastrophic health plans, with stringent coverage and limits on pre-existing conditions. But today, they are more like silver-tier human health insurance.
My monthly insurance premiums for the puppy add up to about $700 annually for the top-tier plan, which includes wellness, accident, injury and prescriptions, with a $250 deductible. That was about my budget's risk limit.
Because I signed up as soon as I got the dog, I was able to capture almost all of their initial puppy vaccinations, which got me to my deductible quickly. I paid just $35 for them to be spayed.
After about five months, I was running slightly ahead of the cost, as the insurance had paid out more than I had paid in. The chicken bone incident put me about two years ahead.
"Everyone approaches it from a return-on-investment perspective, but when you think about it, there's no other insurance for which we do that," said Kristen Lynch, executive director of the North American Pet Health Insurance Association, the industry's trade group.
There is also no other pet product that incurs the same kind of financial scrutiny, Lynch notes.
Pet owners spend hundreds of dollars on toys and leashes, for example. "They constantly spend money on clipping and grooming," Lynch said. "They don't put a limit on it.
"But when it comes to vet spending, they'll say they'll wait it out," they added. (Editing by Lauren Young and Dan Grebler)
Party sources said Modi, BJP's biggest crowd-puller, is likely to kick off a series of rallies in the southern state from May 1.
Though they had address public meetings in the state earlier, they have not hit the campaign trail since the Election Commission announced the assembly election schedule on March 27. The election is scheduled for May 12 and the counting of votes will take place on May 15.
The BJP sources said a final programme of Modi's election tour is still being finalised and they are expected to address anywhere between 15-20 rallies.
The saffron party is making all-out efforts to oust the Siddaramaiah dispensation from power in the only big state where the Congress governs.
Opinion polls have so far forecast a close fight between the two parties and the BJP believes that Modi's whirlwind campaign in the final days before the polls can tilt the scale in its favour.
Its president Amit Shah has been frequenting the state for months, holding rallies, meeting religious heads, addressing community events and toning up organisational machinery in the run-up to the election. For ELECTION News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to address about 20 rallies in Karnataka to boost the BJP's campaign in a state where their party is locked in a keen fight with the Congress.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Wheels Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Accuride, Alcoa, AMW Auto, Borbet, Central Motor Wheel, CiTiC Dicastal Wheel Manufacturing, Enkei, Magnetto, Maxion Wheels, Mefro, Otto Fuchs, Ronal, Steel Strips Wheels, Superior Industries International, Topy Industries, Uniwheels.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Wheels market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Wheels report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-wheels-market/5901/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Wheels Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Aluminum Wheels, Steel Wheels, Other.
Automotive Wheels Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Commercial Vehicle, Passenger Vehicle.
Key points in the Automotive Wheels Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-wheels-market/5901/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Wheels market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Wheels market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Wheels distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
São Paulo Orascom TMT Investments Sarl has voluntarily extended for a third time the deadline for Brazilian phone carrier Oi SA to consider an alternative in-court reorganization plan, according to a securities filing on Friday.
Oi (OIBR4.SA) said in the filing the decision will allow management and shareholders to examine Orascom's suggestions for the reorganization. Oi said Orascom voluntarily sent a letter to the company extending the deadline to May 1.
(Reporting by Ana Mano; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
By Paul Schwartzman | Washington Post
Rep. Steny Hoyer, the House minority whip, has been hospitalized with pneumonia, an aide said Wednesday.
Hoyer, 79, was admitted to George Washington University Hospital on Tuesday and “is being treated with antibiotics and resting,” Katie Grant, their spokesperson, said in a statement.
The Democratic member of congress “is expected to make a full recovery quickly,” they said.
Hoyer, who was elected to the House in 1981, represents Maryland's 5th District.
THE excitement has been building for many weeks now, but finally the Prep feature is only one sleep away.
Launching in tomorrow's NewsMail, the My First Year 2018 liftout is an annual photo feature showcasing all of the Bundaberg Region's Prep classes for this year.
The feature is designed as a keepsake for friends and families of the Prep students to remember the major milestone of their first year at school.
More than 75 Prep classes have been photographed to show off Bundaberg's next generation.
Some students marked the occasion by making signs, while others decided to have their photographs taken in their play areas - all to show off the amazing learning environments experienced at school.
All the children have been excited about their moment of fame in the newspaper.
Don't forget that all Prep photos can be purchased online or by visiting the NewsMail office, 36-38 Woondooma St.
With the exception of 1999, every MMP election has been extremely close. Even in 2002, when National crashed to 20.93 per cent, there was a mathematical chance of a National-NZ First-Act-United Future Government until the final bell.
Nothing comparable to National's tribulations in Helen Clark's first term is happening in Jacinda Ardern's.
Fifteen years after Don Brash's Orewa speech restored National's fortunes and 12 years since the launch of John Key's smiley-wavy alternative, the party continues to poll at 45 per cent, just a couple of points away from governing alone.
Such high polling over many years and three leadership changes is near miraculous. Whatever is said about the lost opportunities of Key's Government, neither they nor Steven Joyce can be accused of leaving National's brand in anything other than outstanding shape.
Advertisement
Neither Jacindamania nor Labour's $20 billion Budget spend-up has dragged more than a vanishingly small number of voters across the crucial blue-red line.
National is polling almost exactly the same as before Ardern's elevation in August. In polling terms, they have done nothing but cannibalise them left.
Ardern will be as aware as anyone how vulnerable they are.
Modelling, published on the Labour-aligned The Standard of 2000 potential election results derived from this week's polls, suggests they have no more than a 50 per cent probability of a second term.
The outlook looks brighter for Simon Bridges.
The new National leader has yet to fire. Their performances in question time have sometimes been pedestrian and — as Ardern charges — "shouty".
 They are yet to fully learn the knack of turning their radio interviews to the topics they want to talk about. Both they and their senior team spend too much time defending the Key-English-Joyce regime and not enough challenging the Coalition's performance and explaining how a Bridges Government would differ from both.
Paula Bennett's over-the-top antics against the Speaker's flawed disciplinary methods made everyone involved look ridiculous.
Neither Jacindamania nor Labour's $20 billion Budget spend-up has dragged more than a vanishingly small number of voters across the crucial blue-red line. Photo / Mark Mitchell
Bridges' regional tour might have best been delayed until the current parliamentary recess. Outside the provinces, they have seemed missing in action for the past month.
Looking ahead, though, this month's arrival of The Baby may offer the Government the pluses of more cover stories about Ardern and Clarke Gayford, but it also comes with the minuses of their absence from day-to-day politics and the risks associated with Winston Peters' prime ministership.
Further out, National can be even more quietly confident.
The Coalition's measurable promises of a billion trees, $3 billion for the regions, a net 100,000 new houses and materially reducing child poverty as measured by the Children's Commissioner are all set to fail. As it becomes impossible to hide the lack of progress on these fronts, expect ministers to cut corners and for scandals to arise.
Having been promised nirvana but delivered nothing, nurses and teachers are legitimately aggrieved.
Heading into election year, NZ First will need to find a formula to withdraw from the Coalition and return to its core business of attacking the establishment without causing an early election.
As the Greens also dance with death around the 5 per cent threshold, expect party activists to demand new co-leader Marama Davidson and high-flying backbencher Golriz Ghahraman to boldly differentiate the party from Labour from the far-left.
The Coalition's dilemma is this: such antics are necessary for NZ First and the Greens to have any hope of being back in 2020 but they also risk pushing the crucial 40,000-odd voters, who will decide the election, from Labour to National.
Whatever happens, NZ First looks doomed.
The most likely outcome is the Greens scraping back but at the expense of fatally wounding Labour's reputation for stability and competence among median voters.
Even better for National is the second-most likely outcome: a two-party Parliament, making National's existing slim lead over Labour of crucial importance.
While arguably ill-timed, Bridges' regional tour has helped them further refine their retail political skills which saw them defeat Winston Peters in Tauranga in 2008 and test lines for the national media.
All talk of National trying to set up new client parties is fanciful.
Both the idea of a cool hipster, right-leaning blue-green tech party, or a conservative Christian ensemble, risk taking a small but essential number of voters off National but failing to get into Parliament on the night.
Businesses quickly opened their wallets to Labour the day Ardern became leader, playing catch up.
Many rightly continue to bias their donations and attention to the governing team. But the polls suggest the best strategy is to keep lines of communication open to both sides.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Fixes typo in headline. John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are their own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2oNQJPq
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2oSOBEf
* Slide deck: tmsnrt.rs/2pFYRTe
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 20 OPEC and some of the most important hedge funds active in commodities reached an understanding on oil market rebalancing during informal briefings held in the second half of 2016.
OPEC committed to implement credible production cuts and reduce global crude stocks while hedge funds responded by establishing bullish long positions in both flat prices and calendar spreads.
OPEC effectively underwrote the fund managers' bullish positions by providing the oil market with detail about output levels and public messaging about high levels of compliance.
In return, the funds delivered an early payoff for OPEC through higher oil prices and a shift from contango to backwardation that should have helped drain excess crude stocks.
The understanding was initially successful between December 2016 and February 2017, with reports of strong compliance from OPEC, spot prices rising $10 per barrel and calendar spreads moving from contango to flat or, albeit briefly, backwardation.
But the understanding started to unravel with the calendar spreads collapsing after Feb. 21 and flat prices dropping from March 8 (tmsnrt.rs/2oNQJPq).
The sharp reversal in both spreads and flat prices inflicted substantial losses on many bullish hedge funds in February and March.
The correction came amid growing doubts about whether OPEC was really cutting oil supplies to the market by as much as anticipated.
Global stocks of crude and refined products showed little sign of drawing down during the first three months of 2017.
Bullish fund managers have pushed the time horizon for expected stock draw downs back to the second half of the year.
OPEC has come under pressure to reconfirm the faith of hedge fund bulls with an early commitment to extend current output cuts beyond June.
Saudi and other senior OPEC ministers have been edging towards an extension commitment in recent days.
But there are lingering doubts about whether OPEC can deliver real market tightening during the second half of 2017.
Calendar spreads have been falling along the curve with weakness extending from the prompt June-July (M7-N7) spread all the way through to December-January (Z7-F8) (tmsnrt.rs/2oSOBEf).
U.S. crude imports from OPEC members Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Venezuela have remained steady or increased since the start of the year, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
And reported global crude and products inventories have remained stubbornly high, according to data compiled by the International Energy Agency.
It is possible that global crude stocks could be falling already as previously invisible stocks are repositioned and become more visible to the market.
There is some evidence that unreported crude stocks held by producer countries, in floating storage, and in tank farms in the Caribbean and South Africa are being drawn towards the major refining centres.
As crude is drawn towards the United States, Rotterdam and Singapore, it is captured in published statistics.
But reported stocks need to start falling soon if hedge fund managers' confidence in rebalancing is to be maintained.
OPEC messaging about high levels of compliance has lost much of its effectiveness and is no longer enough to justify a bullish position in crude.
Reported stock changes now matter more for oil prices and calendar spreads than compliance assessments by OPEC's secondary sources.
OPEC's credibility is on the line: stocks need to show a significant draw during the second and third quarters or many hedge funds are likely to give up on the bullish narrative prevailing since late 2016.
See also:
"Oil market rebalancing: the long and winding road", Reuters, April 19: tmsnrt.rs/2pFYRTe (Editing by Edmund Blair)
May 3 Hill International Inc:
* Hill International sets May 5, 2017 closing date for sale of Construction Claims Group to private equity firm Bridgepoint
* On May 3, co and Bridgepoint entered into an amendment of the definitive stock purchase agreement dated December 20, 2017
* Amendment providing for a reduction in purchase price of $7.0 million, from $147.0 million to $140.0 million in cash
* Says amendment of deal also provides for increase of working capital that co must deliver to Bridgepoint to $38.4 million from $35.4 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Imperial Brands Plc
* Confirm we are on track to meet earnings expectations for half year results at both constant currency and reported exchange rates
* On track to meet earnings expectations for half year results at both constant currency and reported exchange rates
* Investing an additional £300m in 2017 behind our growth and specialist brands and in key markets
* Early results of our investment programme are encouraging, with improved market share trends
* First half revenues and earnings per share are expected to be up strongly at actual exchange rates
* Expect a currency translation benefit on net revenue and profit of about 13-14%, at current exchange rates
* Our guidance for full year earnings is unchanged
* As expected, phasing of £300m increased investment is biased to first half
* Resulting in lower revenue and profit on a constant currency basis, with a stronger second half performance Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The bill which seeks to create a framework for resolving bankruptcy in banks, insurance companies and other financial establishments; was first introduced in the Monsoon Session of the parliament but was referred to a joint parliamentary committee for review.The committee is set to submit its report in the next session of the parliament (winter session), where an amended bill is likely to be tabled.An online petition against the same attracted thousands of signatures opposing FRDI bill.The petition read "This bill gives power to a government entity to use depositors money to save a bank on the verge of bankruptcy. This government entity can declare the bank doesn't owe you any money though you have deposited your hard earned money with it".Meanwhile, the finance Ministry today said that the FRDI Bill is depositor friendly and provides more protection to them compared to existing provisions."The FRDI Bill is far more depositor friendly than many other jurisdictions, which provide for statutory bail-in, where consent of creditors or depositors is not required for bail-in," it said.The FRDI bill, introduced in the Lok Sabha on August 11, 2017, is under consideration of the joint committee of Parliament. The panel is consulting all the stakeholders on the provisions of the legislation.
Share This: Star Trek: Discovery Casts New Starfleet Officers Sara
Coming In 2017
Star Trek: Discovery has just released even more casting news, and we're honestly feeling a little spoiled.
Just a few weeks after the announcement that Orphan Black's James Frain will be playing Spock's father in the upcoming television series, the official Star Trek: Discovery Twitter account revealed that three new actors will be joining the already impressive cast: Maulik Pancholy as chief medical officer Dr. Nambue, The Inspectors' Terry Serpico as Starfleet official Admiral Anderson, and Sam Vartholomeos as junior officer Ensign Connor.
All three of the newly announced cast members are likely relatively unknown to Star Trek fans and to sci-fi fans in general.
While most of Serpico's previous film and television roles have been dramatic (which will undoubtedly come in handy when the Admiral inevitably has to dish out some intense stares and barking commands), Pancholy is mostly known for their comedic and voice-over roles in Weeds, 30 Rock, Phineas and Ferb, and Sanjay and Craig, givivg us hope that Star Trek: Discovery will embrace the light, sometimes campy tone that previous Star Trek iterations have achieved so well.
Vartholomeos, on the other hand, has no previous credits according to IMDB, putting their character in the perfect position to serve as the token wide-eyed ingenue of Starfleet Academy.
We're also wondering whether or not the newly announced characters will be human—a number of important Star Trek roles over the years, including Spock, Data, and Worf, weren't human, and we'd love it if one of the new characters has been appointed to carry on that impressive legacy.
Pancholy, Serpico, and Vartholomeos join a cast that includes Frain, Chris Obi, Shazad Latif, Mary Chieffo, Doug Jones, Michelle Yeoh, and Anthony Rapp. Keep your eyes glued to Space here and on Facebook for more Star Trek: Discovery updates.
A workshop to help you stop being scared of that 'NO' as well as gain the confidence to build better relationships and get more sales.
Sales selling for non sales people limitlessminds
Media Contact
Rana Kordahi
***@limitlessminds.com.au
(02) 80075758 Rana Kordahi(02) 80075758
End
-- Limitlessminds has just released a new and exciting workshop called, 'Selling for non Sales People.'Each day technically brilliant and smart people are hired to do great things in their jobs. But then comes the dreaded sales part, when they are expected to hit those KPIs and targets, without having been taught how. An IT Consultant at a consulting firm may have all the necessary skills to analyse how computer systems work within a company. But do they have the necessary skills to negotiate a deal? An accountant in a firm may have just been promoted to director level, and now has to go out and build business relationships.Selling for Non sales People was created for those who are hesitant when it comes to selling, and shy away from building valuable business opportunities, at the wcj same time they have a fear of hearing a, 'NO.'Our methodology is a combination of mindset and sales skills in order to grow their sales targets, expand business opportunities, build vibrant business relationships, and influence more potential clients.Find out more: http://www.limitlessminds.com.au/ selling-for- non-sales-pe...
UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 15
June 15 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * ACACIA MINING: Barrick Gold, which owns 63.9 percent of Acacia Mining PLC , said its chairperson and Tanzania's president met on Wednesday and agreed to hold talks aimed at resolving an escalating dispute over an export ban which has hit Acacia. * BARCLAYS: Expectations have increased among current and former Barclays executives that the Serious Fraud Offi
April 28 Jinfa Labi Maternity & Baby Articles Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 could rise up to 20 percent, or to be 29 million yuan to 34.8 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (29 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales and decreased costs are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/IijLJX
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Invesque Inc:
* INVESQUE INC. ANNOUNCES UPSIZE OF PREVIOUSLY ANNOUNCED PRIVATE PLACEMENT AND RECEIPT OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL BY WAY OF CONSENTS
* INVESQUE INC - ‍ PARTIES AGREED TO INCREASE NUMBER OF SERIES 2 PREFERRED SHARES TO BE ISSUED TO MAGNETAR UNDER SECOND PRIVATE PLACEMENT TO 3.2 MILLION
* INVESQUE - ‍MAGNETAR AGREED TO SUBSCRIBE FOR 1.6 MILLION CLASS A SERIES 3 CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED SHARES AT US$9.4575/SHARE FOR PROCEEDS OF ABOUT US$15 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Stratagem Institute officially announces the launch of Global Security Review, a publication featuring analysis & commentary on geopolitical and security issues.
Contact
Stratagem Institute Inc
***@stratageminstitute.com Stratagem Institute Inc
End
-- Stratagem Institute Inc officially announces the launch of its new venture, Global Security Review, a digital media platform that provides access to highly relevant and in-depth news coverage and commentary focused on international security and the geopolitical order. Already, thousands of internationally-minded investors, individuals, professionals, and organizations rely on Global Security Review for actionable, relevant, and solutions-driven foreign policy and national security news and analysis.Global Security Review provides readers with unique access to experts in matters of national security, defense, intelligence, and foreign policy. Recently, the publication featured the former Director of the Carter Center's Americas program, Jennifer McCoy, Ph.D., in the series: Crisis in Venezuela (available on Global Security Review's website). Dr. McCoy, currently the Distinguished University Professor of Political Science at Georgia State University, is a renowned expert on democratization and polarization, and conflict prevention and mediation."We've observed an increase in demand for international political news and information, with the media market in this space expanding as tensions in international relations grow, with escalating geopolitical instability. Foreign propaganda outlets like RT and Sputnik News are exploiting heightened media consumption by publishing disinformation that is designed to sow confusion and doubt over fact-based reporting. As a niche publication, lacking the editorial burden traditional news publishers carry, Global Security Review can cover topics of critical importance that may go otherwise underreported by traditional news outlets," says Joshua Stowell, President of Stratagem Institute, and Publisher of Global Security Review.Mr. Stowell adds, "Because we focus heavily on the possible long-term outcomes of a given scenario, our content is read by investors, international business executives, students, and other individuals interested in the security of a particular state or region.Global Security Review reaches thousands of globally-conscious executives, professionals, individuals, and organizations on its social media channels, its website ( https://globalsecurityreview.com ), and through its daily email, the Global Security Brief.Access additional information about the publication, or subscribe to the Global Security Brief by visiting: https://GlobalSecurityReview.com/ Brief/ https://globalsecuritybrief.com
Regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approval a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
LONDON, April 28 (IFR) - Peter Riera will join RBC Capital Markets to lead its UK FIG debt capital markets origination effort, according to a source.
Riera had been at HSBC since 2006 and relocated from New York to the London FIG syndicate desk late last year as part of a broader reshuffle. They led HSBC's US and Yankee financials syndicate in New York.
They join the Canadian bank in London as a director and will report to Anthony Tobin, European head of syndicate and frequent borrower origination.
(Reporting by Alice Gledhill; Editing by Philip Wright)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexis Sanchez has been blasted by Alan Shearer as the former Arsenal favourite struggles to settle in at Manchester United.
Sanchez has failed to live up to their billing since swapping the Gunners for United in January, with just one goal in 10 appearances.
And BBC Match of the Day pundit Shearer admits the Chilean playmaker looks like a different player from the one who sparkled at the Emirates.
Writing in a column for bookmakers Coral , Shearer said: "They signed Alexis Sanchez and it looks like they have got their twin brother.
"He looks like the little boy the lost. It is the coach's job to get the best out of the players."
Shearer also criticised Jose Mourinho and said the Old Trafford boss must take responsibility for their under-performing stars.
"When you look at the players they had on the pitch against Sevilla, the likes of Lukaku, Sanchez and Rashford, they had enough quality on the pitch and they should have been able to get the win in front of their home supporters," they added.
"United knew what they were getting when they signed Mourinho, a man who has an arrogance about them but delivers trophies.
"It might not be pretty at times but they get you trophies just like they did last season. Having said all that, the football they have been playing has not been entertaining at all."
London Mayor Sadiq Khan (L) arrives for a meeting with European Parliament (EP) President Antonio Tajani at the EP headquarters in Brussels, Belgium March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
London Mayor Sadiq Khan addresses a debate called 'The New European Order' organized by the political news organization POLITICO in Brussels, Belgium March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS London will remain open to Europe and the European Union even after Brexit, the city's mayor Sadiq Khan said on Tuesday, while urging the British government to guarantee that EU citizens living in Britain can stay.
"The truth is that London will always remain a key partner for Brussels and every European nation long after Brexit is resolved," Khan, who campaigned in favour of Britain staying in the European Union, said in a speech in Brussels.
A day before British Prime Minister Theresa May sends a letter formally notifying Brussels that Britain plans to leave the bloc, Khan called on European leaders not to punish Britain for Brexit and noted positive first signals.
"I see no evidence during the meetings this morning and yesterday of any wish on the part of the European Union to punish the UK or our citizens for the position taken last June," they said in a statement after meeting European Parliament President Antonio Tajani.
Khan was also due to meet European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and European Council President Donald Tusk.
Khan said a bad Brexit deal would cut the European Union off from its only truly global financial centre and risk financial services companies heading to New York, Singapore or Hong Kong.
A former human rights lawyer, the first Muslim mayor of a major western city said it would be the "perfect gesture of goodwill" if May provided a guarantee that EU citizens could remain in Britain.
There are over a million people from other EU countries living in the city of over 8 million, where a majority of voters opted for 'Remain' on June 23.
The referendum was held weeks after Khan, a member of the opposition Labour party, beat the mayoral candidate of May's Conservatives by a record margin to secure the biggest individual mandate in British political history.
"Of course, I urge the EU to do the same for British citizens living elsewhere in the EU," Khan, themselves the son of Pakistani immigrants, said.
Khan has launched a "London is Open" campaign to remind people that despite Brexit, London remains welcoming to foreigners and businesses alike.
(Editing by Philip Blenkinsop and Catherine Evans)
CARACAS May 2 Venezuela's opposition was blocking streets on Tuesday to decry unpopular leftist President Nicolas Maduro's decision to create a new super-body known as a "constituent assembly," a move they say is a veiled attempt to cling to power by avoiding elections.
After a month of near-daily protests demanding early general elections, Maduro on Monday announced a new popular assembly with the ability to rewrite the constitution.
Their government says that the opposition is promoting street violence and refusing dialogue, so it has no choice but to shake up Venezuela's power structure to bring peace to the oil producer.
Maduro's foes counter that Maduro, a former bus driver they say has turned into a dictator, is in fact planning to staff the new assembly with supporters and avoid elections they would likely lose amid a crushing recession and raging inflation.
Regional elections slated for last year have yet to be called and a presidential election is due for next year.
When asked about elections in an interview on state television Tuesday, the Socialist Party official in charge of the constituent assembly said the electoral schedule would be respected but also suggested the current political turmoil was working against setting a quick date.
'NO NORMALITY'
"One of the aims of the constituent assembly is to seek the conditions of stability to be able to go to those electoral processes," said Elias Jaua.
"Those conditions of normality do not exist," they added, citing protests and institutional clashes between the opposition-led National Assembly and authorities.
Maduro's critics fear the new body will further sideline the current opposition-led legislature and pave the way for undemocratic changes to the constitution, furthering what they say has been a lurch into dictatorship.
The controversial decision will likely swell anti-government protests, already the biggest since 2014, as they seek to end the socialists' 18-year rule started under late leader Hugo Chavez.
"This is not a constituent assembly, it's the dissolution of the republic," said opposition lawmaker Freddy Guevara. "A message to Chavismo: It's time to unite to save Venezuela from Maduro."
Since anti-Maduro unrest began in early April, some 29 people have been killed, more than 400 people have been injured and hundreds more arrested.
Some road blocks were already being set up in the capital Caracas early on Tuesday, with lawmakers posting photos of people waving flags in the rain, and the opposition was set to march again on Wednesday.
While many details remain unclear about the constituent assembly, Maduro said political parties would not participate and that only up to half of its 500 members would be elected.
"According to the government, it would have all powers," said Jose Ignacio Hernandez, law professor at Venezuela's Catholic University. "It could dissolve the National Assembly, name a new electoral council, dismiss governors, and dismiss mayors." (Additonal reporting by Diego Ore and Andrew Cawthorne; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
The recent report of the Oireachtas (Irish Parliament) Joint Committee is discriminatory, in the extreme, in that its focus for culling the population is targeted solely on one cohort, namely, babies yet to be born.
The underlying sublimation, subtext or rationale of the report is to keep the Irish population growth in check ie. by means of contraception and and/or”termination” of the unborn; however, regarding the latter, the Oireachtas report carefully avoids drawing attention to the humanity of the unborn babies; this is a serious flaw that invalidates its raison d'etre and conclusions.
If the report's objective is to keep the population growth in check (by means of termination with extreme prejudice), then, in justice the burden of being terminated should be shared by the wider Irish population, not just one vulnerable and utterly defenceless cohort, and include all age groups of the already born; quotas for termination could be drawn by lot.
Alternatively, different social classes might be targeted, for instance Oireachtas politicians, Irish media journalists and certain editorial writers - of course the specialist population zappers should be trusted to carry out this termination with care and great compassion and in a safe medical environment.
No doubt, zapping of the before mentioned cohorts, will be a decision taken after deep reflection, and, as a last resort, for the common good.
I suggest that the Oireachtas report be referred back to the Committee for further consideration of the points mentioned above.
Micheal O'Cathail, Fermanagh
News gallery
Liz Dawn‬ funeral | Coronation Street‬ stars say farewell to Vera Duckworth‬‬ actor
Corronation Street stars and fans paid an emotional farewell at the funeral of actor Liz Dawn today. The much-loved soap star played Vera Duckworth in Coronation Street for 34 years. Mrs Dawn - who was born Sylvia Butterfield - died on September 25, aged 77. Mourners gather outside of Salford Cathedral in Salford, England. These pictures were taken from outside the cathedral.
(Image: Getty Images Europe) 1 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 2 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 3 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 4 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 5 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 6 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 7 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 8 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 9 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 10 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 11 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 12 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 13 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 14 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 15 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 16 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 17 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 18 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 19 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 20 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 21 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 22 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 23 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 24 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 25 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 26 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 27 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 28 of 28
