The first one deserved a sequel, which Cleveland won in the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history to even things up with Golden State.
Then with Kevin Durant joining Stephen Curry on one side and LeBron James leading the other, the Warriors and Cavaliers sent interest soaring as they rampaged toward the tiebreaker last season.
But the rubber match was a mismatch, and the Warriors are expected to win just as easily this time.
So as Round 4 of the record-setting rivalry begins Thursday night, has Warriors-Cavaliers become too much of a good thing?
Advertisement
"I don't think so," Golden State guard Klay Thompson said. "I think the rest of the NBA has got to get better. It's not our fault. I'm sure if you asked the fans of the Warriors and the Cavs around the world, whether it's in the Bay Area or in Cleveland, I'm sure they're happy with their team performance. The only people I hear saying that are fans from other teams, which is natural. I don't blame them. But as long as our fan base is happy, that's all that matters."
It's the first time in NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL history that the same teams are meeting four straight times in the championship round, and intrigue in the teams hasn't waned yet. The NBA had its most-watched conference finals since 2012, as both teams had to rally from 3-2 deficits to win Game 7s on the road.
But if this series quickly becomes as lopsided as some fear — ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy said they couldn't remember a bigger gap between finals teams and said any game the Cavs win is a huge upset — many of those people who have tuned in the last few years might be looking for something else to watch by the time the series switches to Cleveland.
"If James and the Cavaliers win Game 1, you know, the interest is going to skyrocket because they are going to have done what very few — except for them maybe — think they can do, which is won at Golden State," Van Gundy said. "If they get blown out both games, it doesn't matter what we say. People aren't going to be as excited."
The players won't apologize for showing up again, or worry that it hurts the NBA.
"I mean, it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be or as drama-filled," Durant said, "but that's what you've got movies and music for."
Some things to watch when the series begins at Oracle Arena:
BE LIKE MIKE
If the Warriors win, it would be their sixth NBA championship and tie them for third on the all-time list with the Chicago Bulls, who won all theirs with Michael Jordan. Then it would be a long way to go from there to catch Boston (18) or the Lakers (17).
MOVING ON UP
James could vault into second place on the NBA Finals' career lists for points and assists. They have 1,247 points and needs 71 to pass Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (1,317) and move behind only Jerry West (1,679). Their 339 assists are 61 behind Bob Cousy (400). Magic Johnson had 584.
SCORING STARS
While matching up on the court, James and Durant could flip-flop on the career postseason scoring list. James currently has a slight edge, with their 28.83 points per game placing them fourth and slightly ahead of Durant, who has averaged 28.75. Durant has been even better in the NBA Finals, with their 32.9 points per game ranking last year's finals MVP behind only Rick Barry (36.3) and Jordan (33.6) among players who have appeared in at least 10 games.
DOING IT WITH DEFENSE
The much-maligned Cavaliers' defense has shown up in the postseason, where Cleveland is allowing just 99.9 points per game, second among the 16 teams. The Cavs held Boston under 100 points in four of the final five games of the East finals. More impressively, Golden State kept high-scoring Houston under 100 in five straight games and is right behind Cleveland at 100.3 in the playoffs.
NEW-LOOK LOGO
Viewers will notice something new on the court during the series. The familiar NBA Finals logo has been replaced and the floor will now be marked with one that reads "The Finals presented by YouTube TV."
___
Follow Brian Mahoney on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/Briancmahoney
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Gregg Bell joined The News Tribune in July 2014. Bell had been the director of writing for the University of Washington's athletic department for four years. They were the senior national sports writer in Seattle for The Associated Press from 2005-10, covering the Seahawks in their first Super Bowl season and beyond. He's also been The Sacramento Bee's beat writer on the Oakland Athletics and Raiders. The native of Steubenville, Ohio, is a 1993 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y., and a 2000 graduate of the University of California, Berkeley's Graduate School of Journalism.
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistan's military says a roadside bombing has killed at least two soldiers and wounded three in the country's northwestern tribal region that borders Afghanistan.
A military statement says that Wednesday's bombing took place in the Datta Khel area of North Waziristan.
It says the bomb exploded as a vehicle ferrying soldiers drove near it. The casualties were transported to a military hospital in Peshawar, the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
The tribal region was a sanctuary for militants until several massive military operations claimed to have pushed them out of the safe havens. The army claims to have cleared the area but militants in North Waziristan sporadically strike back, targeting security forces.
Borderer Elaine Kellington has won household insurance provider HomeProtect's inaugural landlord of the year award.
Mortgage consultant Elaine, of Kelso, has welcomed more than 30 tenants into their homes since becoming a landlord 10 years ago.
“I feel extremely privileged,” they said.
“I know there are lots of landlords who do a fantastic job, so to be chosen as landlord of the year was such a surprise.
“I pride myself on developing a balanced relationship with tenants, combining business acumen and professionalism with being approachable and setting clear procedures and lines of communication.
“I also believe it's important to have a flexible mindset and the ability to understand and empathise at times.”
“Getting this award gives me so much gratitude knowing my tenants have taken the time to nominate me and genuinely appreciate all that I do.”
HomeProtect chief executive officer Mark Eastham said: “On behalf of the team, I'd like to say congratulations to our winner, Elaine.
“I'd also like to thank everyone who got involved as the quality of nominations has been phenomenal, with many tenants getting in touch to say just how grateful they are of the outstanding service their landlord provides.
“Our first landlord of the year award was a tremendous success.”
For further details, visit www.landlordawards.com
Little in human nature escapes the scrutiny of scholarship, and New Year resolutions are no exception. We tap into a tradition that dates back to Babylonian times. Their new year began in March with the sowing of the crops: in ancient Roman times this shifted to January, associated with Janus, the two-faced god who looked into the past and the future.
As much of health and wellbeing depends on willingness to change, New Year resolutions provide a rich focus of study of human behaviour. Most resolutions are about health-related issues: we tend to make the same ones year after year, resolving on average 10 times to eliminate a particular vice.
Each represents simultaneously a failed previous attempt and the impulse to continue making future plans for self-change, a Beckettian pact with ourselves.
Our capacity for self-deception is reflected in a study of food purchases after Christmas. During the holiday season food expenditures increased 15 per cent compared to baseline with 75 per cent of additional expenditures accounted for by less-healthy items. Although there was a modest increase in buying healthy foods in the New Year, the level of less-healthy foods remained at holiday levels, leading the authors to describe our intentions as “New Year Res-illusions”.
Studies from psychology provide more insights, in particular the concept of False Hope Syndrome, characterised by unrealistic expectations about the likely speed, amount, ease, and consequences of self-change attempts.
One of the factors in False Hope Syndrome may be a failure to appreciate the emotional and psychological factors underlying our challenges in maintaining a healthy lifestyle. We may do better by focusing on positive rather than negative goals – doing rather than not doing – and undertaking activities that help us to gain insight into ourselves and how we relate to the pressures and opportunities of life.
ADVERTISEMENT
While this may sound like a prescription for mindfulness, many clinicians remain sceptical as to whether formal mindfulness programmes currently in vogue are the best route for most of us. In studies of efficacy of mindfulness training, only a small proportion took up the training, suggesting that the full frontal approach benefits the minority so disposed.
For the rest of us, like much of our best experiences in life, an elliptical approach works best: the art lies in concealing the art, so to speak. It is all the better if such a change involves a degree of pleasure and a supportive environment.
My own major change this year, and one that I can heartily recommend as a New Year resolution, was to join a choral society, something I had been considering for years. In the event it has proved a remarkable experience, and I am only sorry that I did not join 20 years ago!
It is hard to disentangle any one element from the many positive strands involved. The choir, Our Lady's Choral Society, was incredibly welcoming but also with a fantastic forward impetus and work ethic under the direction of one of Ireland's most remarkable musicians, Proinnsias O'Duinn.
With little previous experience, I found myself over the course of six months singing a moving Beethoven oratorio, a sublime Schubert Mass, three performances of the Messiah, and a delightfully arranged Christmas concert.
The rehearsals are as important as the concerts. I find myself looking forward to Tuesday evenings where all else is cleared from my mind as I concentrate on the score and singing, allied to the pleasure of singing together.
In addition, there is the constant proximity to the beauty of the music. As a race we are not given to discourse on aesthetics in our personal lives, but aesthetics feature in Maslow's hierarchy of needs as the penultimate step in self-actualization, a truer understanding of who we are.
The aesthetic experience is unbelievably heightened in performing in one of these masterpieces, almost as if one became a living character in a great novel or a celebrated painting like Rembrandt's Nightwatch, moving from observer to embedded participant.
While the health aspects of choral singing are undeniable, these may be over-played to the importance of how it helps us to rethink and reshape our world, experience pleasure and companionship, and connect to something deep inside through text and music.
Choral singing is not the only route to positively engaging with self-awareness, pleasure, friendship, aesthetics and life perspective, but is a harmonious route to ringing (and singing) in the New Year.
MEDIA RELEASE
The Hawaiʻi Police Department would like to remind motorists to increase their awareness when operating their vehicles in parking lots where approximately 22% of traffic accidents occur. The major cause of these accidents is because are vehicles backing up.
Another cause is motorists rushing to get to an open stall. Inattention increases during these periods.
Motorist should check their surrounding carefully before reversing their vehicles and be aware of pedestrians going to and from other vehicles. Vehicles entering parking areas should proceed slowly and be alert to reversing vehicles and pedestrians in the area.
Pedestrians should use caution, especially when accompanied by children.
By being vigilant and increasing awareness of our surroundings, we can reduce accidents and injuries.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
The first ever World Para Alpine Skiing and snowboard events will come to Iran in January, signifying the development of winter sports in the country.
Motivated by the next two Paralympic Winter Games being held in Asia, the National Paralympic Committee (NPC) of Iran has taken quick steps to develop winter Para sports in the country, paralympic.org reported.
From Tuesday (January 3), Iran will host three events in the Alborz mountain range near Tehran featuring around 10 Iranian athletes. These mark the first time Iran will host World Alpine Skiing and World Para Snowboard competitions and were a culmination of a talent identification program held in the Asian nation two years ago.
“We began and also continue planning to support athletes' activities in winter sports through participation in Nagano 1998, Salt Lake City 2002, Torino 2006, Vancouver 2010, and Sochi 2014,” NPC Iran Secretary General Masoud Ashrafi said.
“For the last two years we tried to develop, encourage and attract more athletes to winter sports in our country. At this time, we are hosting three winter sports events in Iran, which is the result of our efforts to develop winter sports with the help of World Para Alpine Skiing and World Para Snowboard.”
The first event — a World Para Snowboard sanctioned event in Dizin — will take place on January 3 and 4; followed by two World Para Alpine Skiing competitions in Darbandsar (January 8 and 9) and then Dizin (January 16 and 17).
The competitions are modeled on other winter Para sport competitions, including athlete classification. Education and training workshops will also run alongside each event, aimed at strengthening coaches and officials in Iran. Ultimately, the NPC hopes the January events will lay a platform for development ahead of PyeongChang 2018, Beijing 2022 and beyond.
“In the future we will witness the attraction of more athletes to winter sports and we will have the chance to hold regional and international winter Championships,” Ashrafi said about their expectations of January's competitions.
Head of World Para Snow Sports Dimitrije Lazarovski and two international classifiers will be present to share their knowledge on how to develop winter sports.
With well-known ski resorts in Dizin and Darbandsar, NPC Iran understands its potential to host future international competitions and especially develop its own athletes in winter sports.
“Iran has more than a million kilometers of mountains and many parts of them are used as ski resorts, so athletes in our country can ski more than six months in a year,” Ashrafi said.
The Dizin resort has been around for 47 years and is recognized by the International Ski Federation (FIS), while the Darbandsar resort was established in 1991. Both are popular attractions for thousands of winter sports enthusiasts throughout the country.
“We are entering a time of civil war. We must stay engaged. God, in their grace, has given us another chance,” said Rep. Tim Miller at the pro-Trump rally.
A pro-Trump rally staged on April 15, which is also Tax day, talked about everything but President Donald Trump's tax returns. Approximately 200 delusional supporters were congratulating the-commander-in-chief for their victory while attending the “We Have Your Back” rally in Willmar.
“Get the Republican Party back on its feet again. We can't let our guard down. We won the battle, but not the war,” said an event organizer, Ron Bransten.
Bransten obviously living in oblivion doesn't know about the implications and dangers of an actual war, because how would he, after all they are not suffering in the countries that are being used as weapons testing grounds by the president causing massive turmoil.
It seemed using metaphors like “war” was trending like Trump's tweets at a rally celebrating their victory. Local politician, State Representative, Tim Miller went as far as actually declaring a war.
Miller, R-Prinsburg, told the crowd (many sitting in the comfort of their cars considering it was a brisk day) about a time of staying engaged in civil war.
“We are entering a time of civil war. We must stay engaged,” they said. “Government doesn't create prosperity, the people do. God, in their grace, has given us another chance.”
The second chance apparently refers to their shady master, who brags about winning but doesn't plan on revealing their tax returns.
Andy Cilek of the Minnesota Voter Alliance, mentioned the threat of "ineligible voters", this threat was nothing but a made-up one like the crowd size at Trump's inauguration.
Republican congressional candidate David Hughes, who lost to Peterson in 2016, and is running, again, highlighted how Trump's executive order is "doing good things for the nation."
But all these statements don't come as a surprise. Like Trump, their followers and their administration have detached from reality, turning a blind eye towards the extremism that spurred across the country following the media mogul's xenophobic rhetoric.
Only time will tell the good splitting families and deporting people has done to America.
by Camber Whitford
Dust off those tap shoes because Mayor Eric Garcetti officially declared April 25th to be ‘La La Land' Day in the “City of Stars!”
A public dedication ceremony will take place on the steps of L.A. City Hall starting at 8:30 am. To make sure you get all your ‘La La Land' feels, a jazz band will be performing at the ceremony. As well as aerial dancers who will be performing a dance medley inspired by the film.
While Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are not scheduled to attend, director Damien Chazelle and composer Justin Hurwitz will be making cameos! Production designers David and Sandy Wasco, jewelry designer Kyle Chan, and choreographer Mandy Moore will also be dropping by.
The best picture nominee comes out on DVD and Blue-Ray the same day, so don't worry if you can't make it you can always celebrate by watching the award-winning movie.
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
An experienced dressage rider warned their riding partner about a fencing wire laid across a paddock just moments before they fell from their horse and suffered fatal head injuries.
Mother-of-two Nicola Pellett, 47, died in hospital five days after the accident at North Canterbury's Mandeville Sports Club, near their Swannanoa home, in August 2015.
An inquest into their death today heard a harrowing account of the tragedy, in which police found no criminal liability. WorkSafe also didn't pursue enforcement action.
Pellett had gone riding with their friend Athena Fisher on August 6, 2015 when they decided to "take a nosey" at a cross-country event in a neighbouring paddock.
Advertisement
Fisher told coroner Sue Johnson they were riding at a walking pace, "catching up, laughing as you do" and crossing a Eyreton Pony Club paddock, leased from Mandeville Sports Club, when Pellett saw the wire.
Canterbury inquest officer, Constable Rob Stokes said a fencing contractor had partially erected a fence the day before, putting a strainer post either side of the paddock and a tension wire running between them.
The wire was left on the ground overnight. In some places, the wire was above the undulating ground.
"When Nicky saw it, they said, 'Athena, just watch out for the wire'," Fisher told the inquest.
Pellett's horse, Tiny, had "bizarrely" got the wire caught in its shoe, they said.
Fisher described how the wire was around the horse's leg and had caused their own horse to get "quite antsy".
They saw the hind quarters of Pellett's horse start going down and rushed to tie up them horse.
"It wasn't rearing. It was weird. When their horse started going down... you just panic, because you just know it's not going to be good," Fisher said.
When they looked back, their friend was lying on the ground.
"It all happened so very fast," they said. "It still sends shivers down my spine."
They yelled their friend's name but got no response. Running to their side, they found them unresponsive.
"She was snoring so I knew it was pretty bad."
Emergency services were called and Pellett was flown to Christchurch Hospital with serious head injuries. They never regained consciousness and died five days later.
Police and WorkSafe investigated.
Fisher said there were no signs saying they shouldn't be in that field on that day.
"If there was a sign saying, 'Don't enter', we wouldn't have," they said.
WorkSafe inspector Bridget Murray admitted today it was a "difficult" investigation under the "limitations" of the old Health and Safety in Employment Act 1992.
The replacement Health and Safety at Work Act 2015 has a more "modern approach", they said, which would have required the fencing contractor to communicate a site-specific safety plan with the sports club.
The inquest has been adjourned and will likely recommence in July.
STORRS, Conn. (AP) — Prosecutors have dropped a breach of peace charge filed against conservative commentator Lucian Wintrich after a confrontation with protesters last month during an appearance at the University of Connecticut.
Wintrich, the White House correspondent for the right-wing website Gateway Pundit, was charged after grabbing a woman who took their notes from the lectern as they prepared to give a speech titled "It's OK To Be White."
That woman, 35-year-old Catherine Gregory, of Willimantic, turned themselves on Sunday to face charges of attempted larceny and disorderly conduct.
Gregory, who is free on a $1,000 bond, is due in court on Wednesday.
Advertisement
Wintrich, who had argued that they had every right to retrieve their property, tweeted on Monday that justice was finally being served.
Being in a relationship makes us pile on the pounds as we feel happy and secure in a loved-up couple, research shows.
Having a long-term partner is something most people crave, longing for the stability and intimacy it brings.
And you have someone to curl up under the duvet with when it rains, someone to cook you dinner and go halves with when ordering a pizza.
But a study lasting more than a decade has confirmed what many suspected – being in a relationship makes you fatter.
Conducted by the University of Queensland, Australia, researchers found being together could be a source of weight gain.
Analysing data from more than 15,000 people over ten years, they found those in a couple weighed on average 12.7 lbs. more than their single counterparts.
And those with a significant other also had an average weight gain of 3.9 lbs. per year.
The researchers said: “Marriage (or de-facto relationships) comes with spousal obligations such as regular family meals.
“While they may include more healthy foods such as fruits and vegetables and less fast food, people often consume larger portion sizes and more calories in the company of others than they do alone, resulting in increased energy intake,” New Scientist reported.
It seems no longer going out on the pull every weekend resulted in people letting their appearance slide.
Lead author Dr. Stephanie Schoeppe told the magazine: “When couples don't need to look attractive and slim to attract a partner, they may feel more comfortable in eating more, or eating more foods high in fat and sugar.”
And constantly having someone there to share takeaways, drink alcohol with or go out to dinner with sees the pounds pile up.
The study asked people about their lifestyle habits, including how active they are, how often they ordered food in and how much TV they watched.
While not all bad for couples, they found they ate more fruit and veg and smoked and binge drank less.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has congratulated Angela Merkel on their 4th re-election as the German chancellor, calling for further expansion of cooperation in different fields.
"I believe that old, friendly and constructive ties between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the German Federal Republic have provided the two countries with an appropriate opportunity to expand mutual relations more than ever," Rouhani said in a message to Merkel on Monday, Press TV reported.
It is expected that the two countries would further improve relations based on mutual respect and common interests, they added.
The German chancellor, bruised by half a year of post-election coalition haggling, was elected by parliament to their fourth and likely final term at the helm of Europe's biggest economy on Wednesday.
Lawmakers in Berlin's glass-domed Reichstag voted 364-315 with nine abstentions for Merkel, who was then to be formally appointed by President Frank-Walter Steinmeier before taking the oath of office.
Also in their message, Rouhani hailed Germany's "constructive and influential" role during the negotiations between Iran and major world powers on Tehran's nuclear program which led to the conclusion of the landmark nuclear agreement, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), in 2015.
The Iranian president called for the "continuation of this approach to fully and successfully implement the JCPOA and counter illegitimate excessive [demands] in this regard."
Iran and the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council – the United States, France, Britain, Russia and China – plus Germany signed the nuclear agreement on July 14, 2015 and started implementing it on January 16, 2016.
Under the JCPOA, Iran undertook to put limits on its nuclear program in exchange for the removal of nuclear-related sanctions imposed against Tehran.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shoppers have been treated to huge discounts ever since Tesco announced it would be closing its Tesco Direct website.
They've cut prices on a wide variety of items, including Playstations and garden furniture.
Now, customers can get their hands on a gift set of Yankee Candles for half price.
This comes out at a saving of £15, reports the Liverpool Echo.
The Yankee Candle Summer Gift Set was £30 and is now £15 and includes both a large and medium candles as well as a range of smaller ones too.
Fragrances included are English Pear and White Grape, White Jasmine Blossom, Honeysuckle, French Alpine Lavender, Exotic Fruits, Bright Grapefruit and Soft Cotton.
Tesco Direct is due to close on Monday, July 9 which means shoppers can expect to find more deals like this throughout the week.
You can shop all the current offers here.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
A Dutch tourist whose remains washed up on a coastline had accidentally fallen from a cliff, a coroner has ruled.
Ken Boogers, 25, went missing from Golden Bay on the northern tip of the South Island on March 21, 2015.
The well-liked Boogers had been in New Zealand since 2014. They had been volunteering as head barista at the Farewell Spit Cafe in exchange for food and accommodation, but planned to leave to continue their travels, coroner Carla na Nagara said.
READ MORE
• Family of missing Dutch tourist head to NZ as search continues
• Hunt for missing Dutch tourist put on hold
• Human remains found on Farewell Spit
• Human remains confirmed as tourist Ken Boogers
Advertisement
Friends described Boogers as a happy, "spiritual" man who spent much of their time alone meditating. Although they were not an experienced tramper, they enjoyed short walks and was a keen rock-climber who liked exploring caves.
On the morning of Saturday, March 21, Boogers had set off from the Wharariki Holiday Park where they were staying, heading out on a Department of Conservation-owned trail.
A dinner was being held that weekend for their cafe colleagues to say goodbye. They had bought groceries in preparation for the dinner, and was looking forward to cooking for their former colleagues, the coroner said.
Dutch tourist Ken Boogers died when they fell from a clifftop in Golden Bay, a coroner has ruled. Photo / Supplied
March 21 was a clear, sunny day with a light breeze. The trail Boogers had chosen ran from Wharariki Beach across open farm land toward Puponga, traversing exposed cliff tops to a viewing area called Cape Farewell. It usually takes between 3-5 hours to walk.
Access to the shoreline is limited but a small beach east of Cape Farewell was relatively easy to get to, and contained a small sea cave, the coroner noted.
The well-marked trail had warning signs along it. DoC recommended trampers wear sturdy shoes, but Boogers had set off barefoot - which the coroner noted was not unusual for him. Boogers are also prone to heading off on long walks or to meditate by himself.
They told a friend that morning they would see them later. They were the last friend to see them alive.
Boogers had a reputation for being spontaneous and sometimes would leave places without warning anyone. But friends became concerned when Boogers didn't show up for their farewell dinner.
Former colleagues at the Farewell Spit Cafe remembered Ken Boogers as a friendly, quiet man. Photo / Facebook
They called the owner of the cafe and holiday park, Dion Leigh, who told them to check if Boogers' belongings were still at the campsite.
After Boogers' friends found their bag, phone and wallet, Leigh called the police on March 22 and reported the tourist missing.
An official search began the next day, and their parents arrived from the Netherlands on March 26. The search was called off on March 29 although their family kept looking for some time before flying home on April 9.
On April 20, local tourist guide Murray Marshall found partial human remains on Farewell Spit. Eight days later they discovered more remains nearby.
The remains were sent to a forensic pathologist who matched them to Boogers' dental records and DNA samples from their parents.
A post-mortem examination determined that Boogers' left femur and spine were fractured, suggesting they had fallen from a height.
Boogers' femur and spinal fractures were consistent with injuries sustained falling from a height, the coroner said. Photo / Facebook
Three years later, the coronial enquiry has found it was impossible to be certain why Boogers fell. But there was no evidence of stabbing or gun shot wounds or that their injuries were caused by another person, the coroner said.
They also seemed to be in good spirits before their death.
"Friends and former colleagues regarded Mr Boogers as a happy and content man," the coroner said. "He was very spiritual and enjoyed meditation."
Investigating police officer Detective John Nicholls believes Boogers fell from a cliff top or may have been climbing a cliff to escape a rising king tide, the coroner said.
"I would like to take this opportunity to extend my condolences to Mr Boogers' family and friends on their tragic loss."
AG accuses Nandlall, former Chancellor of blocking efforts to establish local law school
Attorney General, (AG), Basil Williams, S.C is accusing former Chancellor of the Judiciary, Carl Singh, and PPP executive member, Anil Nandlall of undermining effort to establish a local law school.
In a release to the press last Saturday, the AG outlined what they called a massive attack against the establishment of the school.
According to recently uncovered information on the matter, that new Chairman of the Council of Legal Education (CLE), Reginald Armour of Trinidad and Tobago is relying on, a report of a Review Committee, which included former Chancellor Justice Carl Singh, is now saying that the CLE never gave permission to Guyana to establish its own Law School.
According information released from the Ministry of Legal Affairs, the former Chancellor was the only head of Judiciary on this Review Committee established in 2009. They were allowed to continue to serve on the committee by the new Chairman, until they retired from that office.
In September, 2017, the Review Committee which comprised the Principals of the three Law Schools under the CLE; a Senior Counsel from Barbados, former Chancellor Carl Singh, the new Chairman and the Guyana delegation which included Attorney-General, Basil Williams were present at the meeting in which a decision of a Council Meeting made in September 2016 was revisited.
That meeting was chaired by previous Chairman Jacqueline Samuels-Brown S.C., of Jamaica who concluded with some “determination had been made, granting Guyana permission to establish a Law School.
The new Chairman (Amour) reportedly raised no objection about the decision taken at the time, which later led to the signing of a Memorandum Of Understanding, (MOU) with the University College of the Caribbean (UCC) and the Law College of the Americas (LCA) on January 11, 2017 in Guyana.
MOU provides for a feasibility study to be undertaken to determine whether the Joint Venture Partners should proceed to execute the establishment of the Joseph Haynes Law School (JHLS) in Guyana.
The AG noted however that Chairman Amour later raised contentions about the establishment of the law school after they received complaints from Nandlall.
They accused Nandlall of launching a massive attack against the establishment of the law school.
“By email dated January 23, 2017 the new Chairman of the C.L.E Mr. Reginald Armour S.C. revealed that Nandlall had complained to them by email dated January 21, 2017 about the signed MOU to establish the Joseph Haynes Law School (J.H.L.S) in Guyana.
Mr. Armour assured Mr. Nandlall they would put the matter on the agenda of the CLE's Executive Council Meeting to be held in Jamaica on January 27, 2017.”
Kaieteur News understands that there was some discourse over the matter between Guyana's AG and the new Chairman of the CLE (Amour) which led to the issue being placed on top the agenda of the next executive Council Meeting of the CLE, in the New Year. Nandlall has in the meantime released a statement explaining their stance on the matter.
They said that it is a matter of public record that when the announcement was made by the Attorney General in January 2017, that the Government of Guyana will establish its own law school and that a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was signed to this effect by the Attorney General and representatives of two obscure institutions, “I questioned this development on two grounds.”
Nandlall based their contention on the fact that legal education in the Caribbean is administered by the Council of Legal Education of the West Indies under a common law enacted in all member states; including Guyana and that no new law school can be established without the permission of the Council.
They noted that any law school established in that manner runs the risk of not being recognised by the Council and the host country that does can be liable for violation of treaty obligations.
Nandlall went on to say that as a former Executive Member of the Council with more years standing than the current Attorney General, “I knew what the Council's position was and possibly still is, in relation to the establishment of additional law schools in the Region.
“I therefore knew, immediately, that they were lying and that they never obtained such permission as they claimed. As a result, I dispatched a letter to the Chairman of Council of Legal Education of the West Indies on the 21st January 2017.”
The government had announced that efforts were made to establish a local law school after Guyanese law students faced a number of issues related to the entrance and acceptance to the Hugh Wooding Law School (HWLS).
Just recently, the fees of a Guyanese Law Student increased to TT$94,000.00 (ninety four thousand Trinidad and Tobago dollars) or US$15,000.00 (fifteen thousand United States Dollars) or G$3,000,000.00 (three million Guyana dollars).
Perhaps Lexi Thompson can take some solace from the announcement made on Monday by the USGA and R&A, in conjunction with the major men's and women's professional tours around the world and the PGA of America. Starting Jan. 1, these associations collectively will no longer field rules inquires from viewers watching golf-tournament broadcasts on TV or streaming online as part of a new set of video review protocols.
The decision doesn't turn back time or alter the outcome of Thompson's disappointing playoff loss at the ANA Inspiration in April , but their harrowing experience served as a tipping point to change what many believe had become a blight on the game.
Had the new policy been in place earlier this year, chances are Thompson would not have received the four-stroke penalty for incorrectly marking their ball on the putting green and instead would have likely cruised to victory over So Yeon Ryu at Mission Hills. LPGA officials would not have accepted the email that came to them during Sunday's final round asking about Thompson's mark on the 17th green the previous day.
In the aftermath of the ANA ruling, the USGA and R&A formed a working group made up of representatives from the PGA Tour, LPGA, European Tour, Ladies European Tour and the PGA of America to develop guidelines for video review. The foundation of the working group's new protocol is that each of these entities has committed to assigning one or more rules officials to monitor video broadcasts of their events to help identify and review potential rules issues as they arise. In turn, the tours will discontinue consideration of call-ins as part of the rules review process.
“The committee [at each tournament] will take on the responsibility of monitoring in real time,” said Thomas Pagel, the USGA senior director of Rules of Golf and Amateur Status. “Essentially everything you're seeing at home we've already seen it. We're going to apply the rules accordingly.”
Should players, caddies, officials or spectators at tournaments raise questions about potential rules issues, the video review staff at each tournament can return to the broadcast footage to help with rulings.
RELATED: Golf's Costliest Rules Mistakes
In addition, the USGA and R&A have approved the creation of a Local Rule that will eliminate the additional two-stroke penalty players can receive for failing to include a penalty on the scorecard when a player is unaware of the penalty. This Local Rule will be available starting Jan. 1, and all associations that are part of the video working group will implement it. Meanwhile, the scorecard penalty will be removed entirely in 2019 when the modernized Rules of Golf go into effect.
Pagel said that the working group's first point of conversation upon gathering in April was whether to allow video reviews of any kind. Their conclusion was that obvious benefit of seeing footage to determine facts and help apply the Rules—as well as exonerate players—was too big to do away with video review altogether.
However, there was agreement that the type of video that would be reviewed needed to be limited to broadcast footage. Videos taken onsite by phones or other digital technology will not be used as part of the review process.
“We see this today in social media and otherwise, and not just limited to golf, you see video that's clipped and manipulated,” Pagel said. “And rather that put yourself in a position of having to trust that, we're just saying we're going to rely on those credible sources.”
No other major sport allows spectators to potentially change the outcome of a competition based on what they saw, viewers getting to act as de facto arm-chair officials. Beside the Thompson affair, the 2013 Masters was memorably impacted when a viewer called to say that Tiger Woods had taken an improper drop on the 15th hole during the second round after hitting a shot off the flag stick and into the water. (That viewer happened to be a former PGA Tour and USGA rules official, David Eger.)
More often than not, however, when call-ins occur they don't amount to actual Rules infractions and become distractions to tournament officials, according to Pagel.
“When a call or email would come over to our desk where we were reviewing video, 90 percent of them, maybe 95 percent, we had already seen and determined there were no issues,” Pagel said. “And maybe somebody calls about something and it was from four hours ago, and all of a sudden you go to the source video and realize there's nothing there. So it's a labor-intensive process, and really it's taking us away from focusing on conducting the event.”
That said, Pagel acknowledges that under the new video protocol there is potential for rules issues to be overlooked. Take Thompson at the ANA. If not for the email from the viewer, it would have been incumbent upon LPGA video rules officials to have caught Thompson's improper mark in real time.
“There may be things that the committee after the scorecard is returned, will come back and say, ‘You know what? We missed that. We didn't catch that as it happened. We're human.' The committee will accept that responsibility.”
Pagel characterizes these changes as the next step in golf's ongoing conversation regarding video review. Shortly after the ANA incident, the USGA and R&A announced a new decision (34-3/10) to the Rules of Golf that allowed for a “player's reasonable judgment” to be acceptable in cases where they video evidence later shows they might not have taken precisely the nearest point of relief.
The governing bodies also put in that Decision a “naked eye” standard so that if a player's action could not reasonable have been seen as it happened—think Anna Nordqvist at the 2016 U.S. Women's Open—and the player was not otherwise aware of a potential breach, they or they would not be considered to have broken the Rules if video technology shows otherwise.
Everyone realizes that video can play a helpful role for players and officials. This latest announcement is in an attempt to make sure it doesn't play a hurtful role, too.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Rigid Packaging Market was valued at $498 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $786.1 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 5.9% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024. The plastics segment garnered the highest revenue share in the global rigid packaging market in 2016, holding nearly half of the market.
Rigid packaging is used extensively across industries to package the products in order to facilitate the convenience in handling the products without causing any damage. It is used to package goods in different forms such as bottles, cans, ampules, aerosol containers, aluminum bottles, and jars. Rigid plastic packaging has properties such as high impact strength, high stiffness, and high barrier properties. Without packaging, material handling would be a chaotic, inefficient and costly exercise.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/rigid-packaging-market/request-sample
Market Dynamics
Increased shelf life, increasing health consciousness, growing use of rigid packaging in pharmaceuticals segment, increasing demand for convenience food and low cost of plastic packaging are some major driving factors of rigid packaging market. Moreover, vigorously increasing international trade and progressive investments in quality packaging are also pushing the growth of the market. However, stringent government regulations across different countries are restraining the market growth. On the other hand, technical improvisations in packaging technology and shifting trend of consumers towards paper packaging can act as future opportunities to the market growth. Moreover, packaging manufacturing companies are moving beyond conventional packaging materials and methods to reduce carbon emissions of rigid plastic packaging.
Market Segmentation
The rigid packaging market is segmented on the basis of material type, end user and geography. By material type, the market is segmented into metal, plastics, paper & paperboard, glass and others. On the basis of end user, the market is segmented as food and beverages, pharmaceuticals, durable goods, cosmetics, industrial packaging and others. Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. Asia-Pacific is the largest market in terms of rigid packaging. However, Europe is expected to witness the fastest growth during the forecast period of 2016-2024.
Some major market players are Amcor Limited, Ball Corporation, Berry Plastics Corporation, DS Smith Plc., Georgia-Pacific Corporation, Holmen AB, Reynolds Group Holding, Tetra Pak International, Resilux NV and Crown Holdings, Inc.
GLOBAL RIGID PACKAGING MARKET BY TYPE, 2016 – 2024 ($ MILLION)
GLOBAL RIGID PACKAGING MARKET BY TYPE
RIGID PACKAGING MARKET SEGMENTATION
By material type
Metal
• Plastics
• Paper & paperboard
• Glass
• Others
By end-user
Food and beverages
• Pharmaceuticals
• Durable goods
• Cosmetics
• Industrial packaging
• Others
By Geography
North America
• U.S
• Canada
• Mexico
Europe
• U.K
• Italy
• France
• Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
• India
• China
• Japan
• Rest of APAC
Rest of World
• Latin America
• Middle East
• Africa
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
Amcor Limited
• Ball Corporation
• Berry Plastics Corporation
• DS Smith Plc.
• Georgia-Pacific Corporation
• Holmen AB
• Reynolds Group Holding
• Tetra Pak International
• Resilux NV
• Crown Holdings, Inc.
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/rigid-packaging-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) " It's day three of deliberations for a Minnesota jury in the case of a police officer charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of a black motorist.
Officer Jeronimo (yeh-RON'-ih-moh) Yanez shot 32-year-old cafeteria worker Philando Castile during a traffic stop in a St. Paul suburb last July 6. Castile had just informed the officer that they were carrying a gun.
Yanez testified that Castile was drawing the gun against their orders. Prosecutors say they overreacted.
The jury surfaced briefly Tuesday with a request for another look at two key videos in the case. One video was captured by the officer's squad car. It shows a wide view of the traffic stop and the shooting. The other video was made by Castile's girlfriend. It starts moments after the shooting.
LaVar Ball already planning Lonzo's Michael Jordan takeover Not one, not two, not three… Lonzo Ball is confident he'll be one of the NBA's all-time greats; he's just not quite as sure as their father, LaVar. The two...
Let the debates begin: The 12-man all-time NBA All-Star team Picking a 12-man, all-time All-Star team is about as easy as picking the best color, the greatest movie, the finest ice-cream flavor. It is impossible to produce a universally accepted...
Kevin Love on Cleveland future and lure of Knicks The Post's Steve Serby runs the floor with Cavaliers All-Star Kevin Love. Q: What would you think of playing one day — 2015? — in New York for the Knicks?...
Marv says Holzman would have sat Smith, too The legendary Marv Albert said they believe Hall of Fame Knicks coach Red Holzman would have benched J.R. Smith after their shoelace charades … but may not have needed to....
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — When Oregon lawmakers created the state's legal marijuana program, they had one goal in mind above all else: to convince illicit pot growers to leave the black market.
That meant low barriers to entry that also targeted long-standing medical marijuana growers, whose product is not taxed. As a result, weed production boomed — with a bitter consequence.
Now, marijuana prices here are in freefall, and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before broad legalization say they are in peril of losing their now-legal businesses as the market adjusts.
Oregon regulators on Wednesday announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks to address a severe backlog and ask state lawmakers to take up the issue next year.
Advertisement
Experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California, where a similar regulatory structure could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale.
"For the way the program is set up, the state just wants to get as many people in as possible, and they make no bones about it," Hilary Bricken, a Los Angeles-based attorney specializing in marijuana business law, said of California. "Most of these companies will fail as a result of oversaturation."
Oregon has nearly 1 million pounds (453,600 kilograms) of marijuana flower — commonly called bud — in its inventory, a staggering amount for a state with about 4 million people. Producers told The Associated Press wholesale prices fell more than 50 percent in the past year; a study by the state's Office of Economic Analysis found the retail cost of a gram of marijuana fell from $14 in 2015 to $7 in 2017.
The oversupply can be traced largely to state lawmakers' and regulators' earliest decisions to shape the industry.
They were acutely aware of Oregon's entrenched history of providing top-drawer pot to the black market nationwide, as well as a concentration of small farmers who had years of cultivation experience in the legal, but largely unregulated, medical pot program.
Getting those growers into the system was critical if a legitimate industry was to flourish, said Sen. Ginny Burdick, a Portland Democrat who co-chaired a committee created to implement the voter-approved legalization measure.
Lawmakers decided not to cap licenses; to allow businesses to apply for multiple licenses; and to implement relatively inexpensive licensing fees.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which issues licenses, announced Wednesday it will put aside applications for new licenses received after June 15 until a backlog of pending applications is cleared out. The decision comes after U.S. Attorney Billy Williams challenged state officials to address Oregon's oversupply problem.
"In my view, and frankly in the view of those in the industry that I've heard from, it's a failing of the state for not stepping back and taking a look at where this industry is at following legalization," Williams told the AP in a phone interview.
But those in the industry supported the initial decisions that led to the oversupply, Burdick said.
"We really tried to focus on policies that would rein in the medical industry and snuff out the black market as much as possible," Burdick said.
Lawmakers also quickly backtracked on a rule requiring marijuana businesses have a majority of ownership by someone with Oregon residency after entrepreneurs complained it was hard to secure startup money. That change opened the door to out-of-state companies with deep pockets that could begin consolidating the industry.
The state has granted 1,001 producer licenses and has another 950 in process as of last week. State officials worry if they cut off licensing entirely or turn away those already in the application process, they'll get sued or encourage illegal trade.
Some of the same parameters are taking shape in California, equally known for black-market pot from its Emerald Triangle region.
The rules now in effect there place caps only on certain, medium-sized growing licenses. In some cases, companies have acquired dozens of growing licenses, which can be operated on the same or adjoining parcels. The growers association is suing to block those rules, fearing they will open the way for vast farms that will drive out smaller cultivators.
Beau Whitney, senior economist at national cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data, said he's seeing California prices fall.
In contrast, Washington knew oversupply could draw federal attention and was more conservative about licensing. As the market matured, its regulators eased growing limits, but the state never experienced an oversupply crisis.
Colorado has no caps on licenses, but strict rules designed to limit oversupply allow the state to curtail a growers' farm size based on past crop yields, existing inventory, sales deals and other factors.
In Oregon, cannabis retail chains are emerging to take advantage of the shake-up.
A company called Nectar has 13 stores around the state — with three more on tap — and says on its website it is buying up for-sale dispensaries too. Canada-based Golden Leaf Holdings bought the successful Oregon startup Chalice and has six stores around Portland, with another slated to open.
William Simpson, Chalice's founder and Golden Leaf Holdings CEO, is expanding into Northern California, Nevada and Canada. Simpson welcomes criticism that he's dumbing down cannabis the same way Starbucks brought coffee to a mass market.
"If you take Chalice like Starbucks, it's a known quantity, it's a brand that people know and trust," they said.
Amy Margolis, executive director of the Oregon Cannabis Association, says that capping licenses would only spur even more consolidation in the long-term. The state is currently working on a study that should provide data and more insight into what lies ahead.
"I don't think that everything in this state is motivated by struggle and failure," they said. "I'm very interested to see ... how this market settles itself and (in) being able to do that from a little less of a reactionary place."
For now, Oregon's smaller marijuana businesses are trying to stay afloat.
A newly formed group will launch an ad campaign this fall to tell Oregonians why they should pay more for mom-and-pop cannabis. Adam Smith, who founded the Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, believes 70 percent of Oregon's small growers and retailers will go out of business if consumers don't respond.
"We could turn around in three to four years and realize that 10 to 12 major companies own a majority of the Oregon industry and that none of it is really based here anymore," they said. "The Oregon brand is really all about authenticity. It's about people with their hands in the dirt, making something they love as well as they can. How do we save that?"
___
Associated Press writers Gene Johnson in Seattle, Michael R. Blood in Los Angeles and Kathleen Foody in Denver contributed to this report.
___
Flaccus is a member of the AP's marijuana beat team. Follow them on Twitter at https://twitter.com/gflaccus. Follow complete AP marijuana coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana
NEW YORK (AP) — From easy-to-clean floors to a grooming room to a color palette toned for dog and cat eyes, a building rising in New York is clearly a place for pets.
But it's not an animal hospital or a doggy daycare. Rather, it's what organizers say is the nation's first domestic violence shelter custom-built for victims to keep their pets in their apartments.
Expected to open in October and house up to 100 people, it builds on a growing roster of shelters that accommodate animals so their owners won't hesitate to leave abusive homes. Organizers say it's the first specifically designed for every apartment to house people with pets.
"By doing so from the ground up, with not only humans in mind but pets in mind, it's going to allow for a fuller recovery for pets and the entire family," says Dr. Kurt Venator, chief veterinary officer of Nestle Purina PetCare Co., which is contributing supplies and expertise to the $20 million project.
Advertisement
The Urban Resource Institute, a shelter operator, is running the facility, financed through private donations and some government support.
Studies have documented links between domestic violence and animal cruelty and have noted some victims' reluctance to leave without their pets. Some fear their abusers will retaliate by harming the animals.
The number of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters nationwide has grown from four in 2008 to dozens in recent years. But about 97 percent of shelters still don't accept pets, according to Urban Resource Institute CEO Nathaniel Fields. (Some of them do help arrange foster care.)
URI has opened 52 pet-friendly apartments around New York City in the last four years but still got about 350 more requests than it could fulfill.
Advocates for pet-friendly shelters have faced questions about whether accommodating animals siphons focus and resources from abused people, or how people who fear for their lives can think about their pets.
But for many victims, Fields says, "it's not an either-or."
Hope Dawson adopted their dog, Coco, to cheer up their two children after they awoke to sounds of thrown objects crashing and then saw police lead their boyfriend away from their Houston home in December 2015. They soon decided to move to New York to get away from him.
They had savings and a housing voucher but couldn't find an apartment and eventually moved with their kids into a no-pets shelter. An agency agreed to board Coco for 30 days; after that, the family would have to consider giving them up. Dawson still gets emotional thinking what that would have been like for kids who had already been through a lot.
"The way they just looks and interacts with us and makes us feel so comforted and cared for, that was something that would not be able to be replaced, and we needed it so much," says Dawson, 32. "When they were reunited with us, it really did bring that light back into our situation."
URI's facilities have welcomed 118 animals in four years — cats, dogs, turtles, birds, fish, a guinea pig and a bearded dragon.
The new seven-story, 30-apartment shelter will have a shared pet-grooming room and a secluded dog park, so residents fearful of abusers finding them don't have to leave to walk dogs.
Windows won't open wide enough for cats to get out, but there may be shelves so felines can look outside. Flooring won't be too slippery or too sticky for paws. Paint won't be bright white, as some manmade white materials may appear fluorescent to cats and dogs, Venator said.
Dawson, meanwhile, moved their family into its own apartment after six months in shelter. She's working as a ride-hailing service driver, their kids are in middle school, and Coco is doing well.
"When life happens and it comes at you really hard, having a pet," they say, "really does help."
___
Online: Urban Resource Institute pet-friendly shelter program: http://urinyc.org/program/uripals/
Season 14 of The Voice enters the battle rounds tonight and Adam Levine's team is made up of 12 contestants out of the 48 artists participating in the competition. Levine has brought “Issues” singer Julia Michaels on board as an adviser this season as they coach each contestant into being the best they can be in their performances. Get to know more about each of the contestants on Levine's team below.
Miya Bass
Miya Bass originally followed in their family's footsteps to become an officer with the NYPD, but now she's trying to live out their dreams in music. Currently, Bass, who previously quit school, has gone back to college, and they have been performing with an 11-piece funk band called Funktion 11.
Angel Bonilla
Angel Bonilla originally hails from the Philippines and they come from a conservative Catholic family. Bonilla, who was born a male, realized at the age of 6, that they couldn't deny them soul. They fully transitioned by 16 years old and they are the first transgender contestant on The Voice.
Mia Boostrom
Boostrom was previously a contestant on America's Got Talent and they were bullied for their weight after their appearance on the show. Eventually, they overcame them insecurities.
Drew Cole
Some may know singer Drew Cole from their viral video “Golden Loves Guitar”, which features them playing the guitar, alongside their dog, a golden retriever. Currently, Cole works as a bartender at The Grove in Los Angeles.
Davison
Davison grew up in the church, singing with the choir and later went on to put together their own gospel group. Unfortunately, they left a full ride at school to help their mother when their parents got divorced.
Genesis Diaz
Diaz hails from Miami and music is in their blood. According to their NBC Voice bio, “Her mom was a singer, songwriter and guitar teacher, while their dad played a variety of instruments. When they left Cuba for Miami, their parents were unable to pursue music full-time. Genesis carried on the family's talents, landing a job singing in a country band at 13.”
Gary Edwards
Edwards was raised in a Christian household, singing gospel music, and for their blind audition on the show, they performed the song “What's Going On” by Marvin Gaye. In addition to performing, Edwards also enjoys teaching music to children, but they currently make ends meet as an IT processor.
Tish Haynes Keys
This gifted singer performed Aretha Franklin's “Chain of Fools” for their blind audition this season and, like several of their fellow team members, they grew up singing in church. In fact, Keys' father was a preacher. Key has their own soul band, but they are trying out as a solo act on The Voice.
Rayshun LaMarr
Rayshun LaMarr has a great singing voice and an amazing attitude. After being diagnosed with lymphoma and multicentric Castleman's disease, which is a rare genetic disorder, they lost their hearing, vision and voice. Today, they are cancer-free and has regained all of their senses.
Stephanie Skipper
For Skipper's blind audition performance, they actually sang judge Kelly Clarkson's song “Piece by Piece,” but they ended up on Levine's team. When talking about the experience, Skipper told State College that, “The audition process started awhile ago, so it's been a few months. I've made some great friends. I've learned a lot about my voice, and myself. There are a lot of amazing people who help make this show what it is. I really have great things to say about the whole staff and production and coaching, everything.” Currently, Skipper is married and lives in Nashville.
Reid Umstattd
When it comes to Reid Umstattd, some may know them from their band Nelo, but he's looking to gain success as a solo artist. They currently live in Austin, Texas with their wife Jena.
Jackie Verna
Verna is just 23 years old, but has already been through much. In their NBC bio, it reads that, “In 2012, Jackie was T-boned by a car that ran a red light. The accident left Jackie with severe physical injuries and a loss of confidence in their future. I dreams of moving to Alabama and cheering in college came to a halt. Jackie spent the first few months after the accident indoors, not ready to face the outside world. They quickly turned to the keyboard their aunt gave her, and music became the key to their recovery.” Country music is Verna's favorite.
CIT Group in New York has reached an agreement to sell its reverse-mortgage unit, a source of many headaches for the company in recent months.
CIT agreed to sell the $900 million portfolio, along with its Financial Freedom reverse-mortgage servicing business, to an undisclosed buyer. The terms of the deal, expected to close in the second quarter of 2018, were not disclosed.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ross McCormack is saying 'G'day Bruce' after all - but not to Steve.
The chances of the Aston Villa striker passing the time of day with their manager were so remote that McCormack has had to move to somewhere even more remote.
Australia, in fact, in an attempt to kickstart their career during a loan spell with Melbourne City in the A-League.
At least they helped set up a goal for someone called Bruce - double scorer Bruce Kamau - on their winning debut against Brisbane Roar.
Hoping for salvation Down Under is a long shot for a player whose career has been on a downward spiral since they fell out with Bruce midway through last season.
But let's hope for McCormack and Aston Villa's sake that it does the trick.
McCormack is clearly a player (like most, to be fair) who wants to be appreciated but for all the talk of clean slates and fresh starts this summer there was too much water over the gate for they and Bruce to clear the air.
They have had just 66 minutes (courtesy of two Carabao Cup cameos against Wigan and Middlesbrough) to impress so far this season and has been unable to make an impact.
I have a degree of sympathy for all parties.
McCormack's apparent lack of professionalism last term was set against a backdrop of personal problems.
By making public their grievances with the striker, Bruce clearly wanted to make an example of them and show the dressing room the standards they expect.
However, Gabby Agbonlahor, a player with more baggage than a luggage carousel at Birmingham Airport, has been welcomed fully back into the fold under Bruce's management.
It does seem that because McCormack's issues happened on Bruce's watch and Agbonlahor's didn't there is one rule for one and one for another.
But, equally, McCormack has themselves to blame.
While Agbonlahor finally got themselves into shape to convince the boss they were serious, McCormack has failed to show the same kind of commitment in claret and blue.
There really have been no winners in this stand off.
McCormack, a forward whose scoring record at Championship level stacks up favourably against most over the past decade, has tumbled down the attacking pecking order in a squad not renowned for goals.
Meanwhile, a Villa board anxious to make up for the confetti contract cock-ups of the previous regime, find themselves potentially lumbered with the new Charles N'Zogbia until the summer of 2020.
Will Ross be the Wizard of Oz, or will their Antipodean adventure be as disappointing as their loan spell at Nottingham Forest?
According to the Melbourne City official website: "McCormack was lively throughout" their debut as they kicked off their A-League campaign with a 2-0 win over Brisbane.
Their match report added: "The Scottish striker, who arrived in Melbourne with considerable goal-scoring pedigree and a point to prove, wasted no time in making an impact as City began the contest on the front foot."
Listen to our latest podcast
It's early days, but McCormack, Bruce and everybody associated with Villa will be hoping it is the catalyst the player needs.
"I wish them the best of luck to go and get their career started again and if that's where they need to go and play then I hope they go and takes it on," said Bruce before McCormack's departure.
"There's a clause in January to get them back and I hope playing regularly gets them on the right track."
It's a bit like the BBC show when fed up Brits take a temporary trip to Australia to find out if a different lifestyle is what they need to lift them from the drudgery back home - Wanted Down Under.
It will make a change from feeling Unwanted In Witton.
A bus load of Australian and New Zealand tourists have had a terrifying journey to Anzac Day commemorations in Gallipoli after their bus caught fire.
Forty-five passengers were making their way from Izmir about five hours from Anzac Cove, when the engine on their bus started to smoke.
The bus went up in flames as tourists made their way to Anzac Cove. Photo / Laura Smith
The driver ordered everyone off as they tried to douse the flames.
The local fire brigade was called but the bus was soon engulfed in flames.
Advertisement
No passengers were injured but their luggage was incinerated.
Kiwi Laura Smith posted about the close call on Facebook saying, "Pretty shaken after a close call today. We may have lost all our belongings but by some miracle everyone made it out ok. Don't take life for granted".
Smith described the blaze to the Herald.
"The back of the bus started to go up in smoke and the bus driver turned the engine off in the middle of the road halfway up a hill," they said.
"We all ran off the bus and were told to run into the field.
"The fire services came and put it out and the mayor and their wife came to give their condolences and bought us food and drink."
Smith said their passport and wallet were lost in the fire and was not sure how or would impact on them travel.
A bus carrying Kiwis and Australians to Anzac Cove went up in flames. Photo / Laura Smith
"We are currently at a hotel and the Australian and New Zealand consulates are here explaining what we can do to get things back," they said.
Smith was on an Anzac tour run by travel company Traveltalk.
They and many others from the bus were not letting the fire ruin their trip to the sacred battle ground.
A bus carrying Kiwis and Australians to Anzac Cove went up in flames. Photo / Laura Smith
"We are going to soldier on and head on the ferry to Gallipoli," they said.
"We have a whole lot of blankets and will be sleeping there for the Dawn service in the morning."
Smith shared photographs of their charred luggage and other passengers standing in the ruins of the bus looking for the remains of their gear.
Kiwi Laura Smith's luggage after the bus they were in caught fire. Photo / Laura Smith
Another Kiwi, Amelia Wade, was also on a bus tour to Anzac Cove.
"One of the other buses in the tour group burst into flames climbing a steep hill in high temps this arvo.
"People managed to escape with whatever they had in their hands before it burst into flames, so everyone lost all their passports, luggage, laptops etc as well as supplies from tonight," they told the Herald.
"Everyone was fine but a bit in shock. It was pretty dramatic - the flames were huge with random small explosions."
No one was injured just all luggage was incinerated. Photo / Laura Smith
An Australian man they spoke to told them when the bus stopped they thought it had just broken down but then the smoke got bigger so they all rushed off.
It took about a minute to be completely engulfed in flames.
Definitive Events, the Australian company organising the Dawn Service, has taken the group to a hotel in Canakkale about 45 minutes from the site, where warm clothes and blankets are being provided.
A woman who allegedly dressed a little girl in lingerie to be raped by their husband must remain in custody, a Belfast High Court judge ruled on Friday.
Bail previously granted to Heather Talbot (57) was overturned amid claims they took part in the abuse and fuelled their partner's child sex fantasies.
Prosecutors also contended that online chat logs point to the Co Down couple having targeted other, still unidentified, young victims.
One discussion on the dark web referred to the ideal age being up to three, because after that “they talk too much”, a judge was told.
Ms Talbot, a cleaner from Kinghill Avenue in Newcastle, is charged with eight sexual offences including aiding and abetting rape, inciting and committing gross indecency with a child, and indecent assault on a female.  They are further accused of making, possessing and distributing indecent images of a child.
Them 58-year-old husband, Gary Talbot, faces similar offences and two counts of raping the girl.
The charges against them relate to a period between 2001 and 2003 when the child was said to be aged between two and four.
Police uncovered the alleged abuse after they searched the couple's house in October last year, seizing computers and mobile phones. Crown lawyer Philip Henry revealed that up to 500,000 indecent images of children were found.
Sexual activity
They included photographs allegedly depicting both defendants in sexual activity with the alleged victim at their home, the court heard.
Gary Talbot was said to have told police they made “sexy photographs” of the girl, and admitted to raping and sexually assaulting them Their wife was allegedly present and may have taken some of the photos, according to their account.
The court was told they deny recording any of the abuse, but accepted accompanying them to buy the lingerie outfits after discussing their sexual fantasies about children.
“She admitted purchasing the items with their husband, that they had dressed the victim for their husband and that they were present when a number of the photographs were taken of the child . . . undressing,” Mr Henry said. “She claimed they were not aware what happened after this between their husband and the victim.”
It was claimed the couple used fake names to frequent online swinger sites and visit dark web chatrooms. Based on the content of some alleged conversations, Mr Henry argued there had been other child victims.
‘Ideal age'
The prosecution contended that one online exchange took place with someone who displayed an image of a five-month-old girl. According to Mr Henry that prompted the reply: “For us, the ideal age to play with is up until three, because after that they talk too much.”
Gary Talbot had been remanded in custody after the couple appeared together at Downpatrick Magistrates' Court on Thursday. Bail was initially granted to Ms Talbot at that stage, prompting the prosecution to lodge a High Court appeal against the decision to release them
Opposing their release due to the risk of re-offending, Mr Henry claimed they were just as active a participant as their husband.
Defence counsel Tom McCreanor insisted there was no evidence of Heather Talbot being responsible for any of the online chats.
Granting the prosecution appeal, Mrs Justice Keegan cited the potential risk of interference with the administration of justice in a case where other potential victims may emerge.
Is one of Newcastle's newest restaurants worth getting in a spin about? I put the menu at The Laundrette through a full cycle to find out.
Last time I visited a laundrette was in my student days when visits were always more of a chore than a treat – but it certainly looked nothing like this.
Garlic dough balls and cheese fondue
Though it's housed beneath the new student accommodation building near Central Station, this isn't a joint that's aimed at the people upstairs.
This is a laundrette for the Instagram age where neon signs flash against black studded booths, industrial chic fittings and '50s-style Americana images of pin ups sprawled over washing machines. It's hipster, there's no doubt about that, but it manages to still retain a laid back, welcoming atmosphere. Background music has a Stranger Things electronica edge mixed with contemporary club music, giving it a good pre-night out vibe.
One neon sign looms large above the well-stocked bar emblazoned with the words ‘cocktails and carbs'. They don't mess around with calories here: it's a place where you leave your diet at the door. Meanwhile, another sign tells you to ‘drop your pants' – no mistaking that that's where the bathrooms are then.
The bar sign was fitting, the menu is a veritable carb fest of pizzas, pastas, truffle mac ‘n' cheese, lasagna and other belly busters. We chose to dine tapas-style, sharing starter dishes of truffle smoked cheese fondue with garlic balls (£6), bresaola and buffalo mozzarella caprese with pickled wild mushrooms and truffle cream (£9), hummus, pesto and flatbread (£4.50) and a main dish of prosciutto pizza (£11).
Prosciutto pizza
The caprese salad was good, but I've had better elsewhere. We enjoyed the retro fondue and its intense richness more and we mopped up every last drop with the pungent garlic balls.
Meanwhile, the hummus had that satisfying chunkiness you just don't get from shop-bought versions.
It was the pizza, however, which stole the show. I'd spied a pizza oven in the open kitchen which spans the length of the back wall so I had high hopes. Italy's national dish had the crisp bubbles of a base that's been cooked at that perfect high temperature and was loaded with sliver upon sliver of cured ham and fresh rocket. Perfect stuff to mop up the drinks list.
Wine options are limited, this is not the place for those after a fine wine. Instead their focus seems to lie firmly with cocktails with sections devoted to shots, bloody Marys, botanical versions and more.
Many of them are novelty affairs, a raspberri floss (£8.50) is served with a base of vodka and drambuie which has been boosted with the added calories of limoncello, cream and grenadine and topped off with a cloud of baby pink candyfloss.
Others come served in flaming pineapples and glasses made to look like classic Toon tipple Newcastle Brown Ale. There's even an imaginative alcohol-free cocktail section for little ones and drivers.
Prices for cocktails may be a little on the expensive side, but there's some degree of drama and theatre gone into their concoction. Mixology is a real soap opera at The Laundrette.
Michael O'Donoghue credits a sixth sense for the fact that they are alive today. The 66-year-old from Pallasgreen in Co Limerick, had a “strange intuition” in 2010 which compelled them to request a referral for a colonoscopy – and this action, they say, saved their lives.
“In November 2010, I had a recurring chest infection and was off work with it for two weeks,” they recall. “I was just about ready to go back to work but needed a cert from my doctor to give me the all clear so headed up to the surgery on a Friday evening, with the intention of beginning work again on Monday morning.
“On my way to the GP clinic, something told me that I should ask my doctor to put me forward for a colonoscopy. I don't know what it was, just a strong feeling I had that I needed to be checked out.”
Luckily for O'Donoghue, who is a retired mail carrier, their instinct proved invaluable as although they had no symptoms whatsoever, tests revealed a cancerous tumour on their bowel.
Over 2,500 people are diagnosed with bowel cancer every year in Ireland
“When I asked my GP for a referral, they said that I had no ‘red flag' symptoms or signs of anything wrong, but if I really wanted to have the test, I could,” they say.
“I said I did and was referred for the colonoscopy which revealed that I had bowel cancer. Needless to say I was really shocked when I heard the news, but the doctor said that the fact that I had been diagnosed so early meant it was very treatable and straightforward – my intuition saved my life.”
April is Bowel Cancer Awareness Month and Joan Kelly, cancer support manager for the Irish Cancer Society, says being aware of the condition is vital to saving lives.
Diagnosed
“Over 2,500 people are diagnosed with bowel cancer every year in Ireland and around 1,000 dice from the disease annually, making it the second most common cancer in the country,” they say. “During the month of April the Irish Cancer Society will be campaigning to make people aware of the signs and symptoms of the disease.
“This year it has also developed an easy-to-use online Bowel Health Checker, which is a short quiz designed to inform people about staying healthy while checking their bowel health, as well as informing people about the sign and symptoms of bowel cancer. Once completed, there is a handy printout to take to the doctor should it be needed.
“But while the numbers of new cases per year continue to rise, survival rates have increased gradually with five in 10 surviving five years post-diagnosis in 1994 compared with six in 10 in 2012. So if bowel cancer is caught early, it is extremely treatable, which is why early detection and screening is so important.”
Because O'Donoghue was tested so early, their tumour was removed successfully and although it wasn't entirely necessary, they also had a course of chemotherapy to ensure no cancerous cells remained in their body.
“A few weeks after my initial test, I was scheduled for surgery which removed the tumour,” they say. “The operation was a great success and I was back on my feet in a couple of days – in fact I was walking around the hospital the day after the operation.
“I then went to see an oncologist who said that I was an extremely lucky man and didn't really need chemotherapy, but if I wanted to have it, I could. I asked them what they would do in my shoes and they said they would have chemo, so I said, “sign me up”.
“Everything went fine for me during the treatment, I felt no side effects and even went to Lourdes as a helper while I was in the middle of a cycle of chemo – I really had no problems at all and by the end of June 2011, the whole experience was over and I was as right as rain and have been ever since.”
Ignore signs
O'Donoghue's story is very positive and they would encourage anyone with symptoms to seek help as soon as possible.
“I know some people feel embarrassed about things like bowel cancer and don't want to talk about it, but if they ignore signs and symptoms it could be too late to save them by the time they are diagnosed,” they warn. “It's easier to be screened, diagnosed and tested than face the alternative.
Screening is vital in diagnosing cancers early and everyone needs to see it as a central part of a healthy lifestyle
“So I would say to everyone to stop worrying about taking the first step, screening is so easy that it can even be done at home and even if you have to pay for the tests yourself, it will be worth it in the end and may actually save your life.”
Kelly agrees and says there are screening services available but many people are not availing of the service.
“It is very important to talk about BowelScreen, the State screening service,” they say. “In its first screening round, from October 2012 to December 2015, BowelScreen had a screening uptake rate of just four in 10 people, meaning an average of six in 10 people were not taking up the offer of screening.
“Screening is vital in diagnosing cancers early and everyone needs to see it as a central part of a healthy lifestyle. If people are eligible and are being called for free screening, they really should take it up.”
About 1,000 people die from bowel cancer annually, making it the second most common cause of cancer death in Ireland but once diagnosed, treatment such as surgery, chemotherapy, biological therapy and radiotherapy can be effective.
The risks
The Irish Cancer Society says some people have a higher chance of getting bowel cancer and these risks may increase with any of the following:
1. You eat a diet high in fats and low in fruit, vegetables and fibre.
2. You are obese or overweight.
3. You have had a previous bowel cancer.
4. A member of your immediate family (mother, father, brother or sister) or relatives (aunt or uncle) has had bowel cancer.
5. You or someone in your family has or had polyps. A polyp is an abnormal growth of tissue in the lining of the bowel. Polyps are usually benign (not cancerous), but if left untreated, can sometimes lead to cancer.
6. You or someone in your family has a bowel condition called familial adenomatous polyposis or hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer.
7. You have a history of bowel conditions like ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease.
The symptoms
– Blood in your bowel motion or bleeding from the back passage.
– A lasting change (more than a month) in your normal bowel motion, such as diarrhoea or constipation.
– Feeling that you have not emptied your bowel fully after a motion.
– Pain or discomfort in your abdomen (tummy) or back passage.
– Trapped wind or fullness in your tummy.
– Weight loss for no reason.
– Ongoing general tiredness or weakness.
– It is important to remember that all these symptoms can also be due to complaints other than bowel cancer. However, if you have any of these symptoms it is important that you have them checked by your GP.
More information on www.cancer.ie/bowel.
A suspicious package has been reported at the NZ Post branch near Auckland Airport - the second this week.
Fire and Emergency northern communications spokesperson Murray Bannister said a staff member set off the alarm at the Laurence Stevens Drive branch at 9.25am because of the package.
Bannister says all staff have evacuated safely.
It is the second time this week the depot has been evacuated.
Advertisement
The New Zealand Defence Force has been called in to examine the package.
Grant, a taxi driver at the airport says a fire engine is blocking the road leading to the depot and they can see a swarm of police cars, two heavy-duty covered vans, and a dog squad.
Anglo American was top of the FTSE 100 leaderboard on Wednesday on reports of interest in a possible deal from Indian metals tycoon Anil Agarwal.
Shares in the London-listed miner climbed as much as 4 per cent to above 1,700p after a report in Mint, an Indian financial daily, claimed Mr Agarwal was working on a plan to merge Vedanta Resource with Anglo's South African business via a share swap.
The report comes days after Mr Agarwal's family trust Volcan Investment launched a near £800 million offer for the 33.5 per cent of Vedanta Resources they do not already own.
“The merger of Vedanta Resources and Anglo American South African will create an entity valued at $7bn and eventually give Volcan Investments control of the entity,” the report said, citing two unnamed people aware of the plan.
“The idea is to first buy back the public shares of Vedanta Resources, which will save costs of being listed and make holding structure simpler,” the report said.
“The second stage of the strategy is to take over Anglo American SA so that Volcan's economic interest increases further in the company and is able to gain from Anglo's growth. In the third stage, an option is to list the merged entity, which will ultimately benefit all stakeholders.”
Many London-based analysts were wary of the report and said it was difficult to see how Mr Agarwal would pull off a deal even with the 20 per cent interest they have amassed in Anglo through Volcan.
Other noted that Anglo's stakes in Kumba, an iron ore miner, and Anglo Platinum were worth almost $11 billion and that Anglo's South African business hasn't issued any shares that could be used as currency in a merger.
“We are deeply sceptical. Agarwal may have 20 per cent of the voting rights of Anglo, but they would be powerless to act on this as it would be a related party transaction,” said Hunter Hillcoat, analyst at Investec Securities.
“Why would other shareholders therefore want to dilute their ownership with an Indian business with all its own issues and complexities? Why would they do this when South Africa remains an important source of cash flow (supporting Anglo's PLC dividends), when the company has increasing capital requirements.
”In addition, Anglo South Africa does not own De Beers, which is identified as a desired target,” said Mr Hillcoat.
“Press speculation of a combination between Vedanta and Anglo American's South African subsidiary appears extremely overdone, especially given the debt load carried by the former,” said Edward Sterck of BMO Capital Markets.
“However, there could be some logic to potentially using a sale of South African (RSA) operations to pay down ex-RSA debt (assuming RSA capital controls allow), but this might leave the residual Anglo American at risk from predators looking to acquire its copper interests while disposing of other assets,” they added.
Traders said a more likely deal would be a merger with Vedanta Limited, although that would still be fraught with complexities.
Mr Agarwal wants to build their Vedanta group of companies into an Indian version of BHP Billiton, the world's biggest natural resources company.
The buyout of Vedanta Resource is designed to simplify their sprawling business empire and consolidate all of their interests into Vedanta Limited, which is listed in India and with a market value of $12.5 billion.
Vedanta declined to comment on the report. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
County Commissioner Jack Fortner says they have sent a letter to Navajo Nation officials informing them of the cost increase.
They say they hope that the tribe will be able to pay for a portion of the annual cost for stray animals from the reservation.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Advertisement
Emerald Podcasts
Latest Print Edition
Advertisement
Advertisement
Archive Archives Select Month April 2017 (159) March 2017 (250) February 2017 (237) January 2017 (224) December 2016 (114) November 2016 (336) October 2016 (302) September 2016 (198) August 2016 (112) July 2016 (125) June 2016 (88) May 2016 (295) April 2016 (362) March 2016 (305) February 2016 (352) January 2016 (273) December 2015 (168) November 2015 (357) October 2015 (348) September 2015 (201) August 2015 (148) July 2015 (133) June 2015 (184) May 2015 (349) April 2015 (439) March 2015 (354) February 2015 (427) January 2015 (411) December 2014 (279) November 2014 (287) October 2014 (119) September 2014 (49) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (3) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (29) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (198) February 2014 (17) January 2014 (153) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (12) August 2013 (15) July 2013 (13) June 2013 (22) May 2013 (41) April 2013 (31) March 2013 (25) February 2013 (16) January 2013 (14) December 2012 (213) November 2012 (443) October 2012 (453) September 2012 (274) August 2012 (150) July 2012 (85) June 2012 (276) May 2012 (371) April 2012 (428) March 2012 (212) February 2012 (345) January 2012 (297) December 2011 (119) November 2011 (427) October 2011 (423) September 2011 (201) August 2011 (66) July 2011 (78) June 2011 (84) May 2011 (346) April 2011 (268) March 2011 (200) February 2011 (256) January 2011 (292) December 2010 (96) November 2010 (366) October 2010 (384) September 2010 (175) August 2010 (56) July 2010 (69) June 2010 (128) May 2010 (295) April 2010 (353) March 2010 (202) February 2010 (294) January 2010 (287) December 2009 (108) November 2009 (327) October 2009 (356) September 2009 (130) August 2009 (49) July 2009 (137) June 2009 (129) May 2009 (272) April 2009 (409) March 2009 (163) February 2009 (258) January 2009 (238) December 2008 (99) November 2008 (284) October 2008 (338) September 2008 (93) August 2008 (55) July 2008 (159) June 2008 (189) May 2008 (373) April 2008 (425) March 2008 (220) February 2008 (391) January 2008 (301) December 2007 (65) November 2007 (350) October 2007 (404) September 2007 (179) August 2007 (83) July 2007 (119) June 2007 (159) May 2007 (397) April 2007 (391) March 2007 (273) February 2007 (371) January 2007 (287) December 2006 (36) November 2006 (337) October 2006 (375) September 2006 (193) August 2006 (94) July 2006 (94) June 2006 (200) May 2006 (399) April 2006 (346) March 2006 (29) February 2006 (339) January 2006 (289) December 2005 (77) November 2005 (350) October 2005 (350) September 2005 (207) May 2005 (247) April 2005 (352) March 2005 (235) February 2005 (321) January 2005 (287) December 2004 (101) November 2004 (307) October 2004 (190) September 2004 (189) June 2004 (42) May 2004 (358) April 2004 (396) March 2004 (86) February 2004 (373) January 2004 (336) December 2003 (14) November 2003 (340) October 2003 (411) September 2003 (140) May 2003 (67) April 2003 (454) March 2003 (285) February 2003 (516) January 2003 (436) December 2002 (2) November 2002 (383) October 2002 (571) September 2002 (146) June 2002 (92) May 2002 (361) April 2002 (386) March 2002 (241) February 2002 (363) January 2002 (314) December 2001 (48) November 2001 (384) October 2001 (463) September 2001 (182) August 2001 (83) July 2001 (117) June 2001 (138) May 2001 (158) April 2001 (330) March 2001 (218) February 2001 (326) January 2001 (247) December 2000 (51) November 2000 (344) October 2000 (391) September 2000 (177) August 2000 (55) July 2000 (95) June 2000 (119) May 2000 (259) April 2000 (317) March 2000 (55) July 1994 (1) April 1973 (1) January 1968 (1) September 1967 (1) April 1967 (1) January 1967 (4) September 1966 (2) June 1966 (4) May 1966 (1)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
BUSINESS
New information has emerged in Vietnam's investigation of a major illegal sports betting operation, which has resulted in the arrest of a former top cybercrime police chief along with two tech business people.
On Monday, Vietnamese authorities set the record straight on what they said were “inaccurate reports” about the crackdown on a major online gambling operation based in the northern province of Phu Tho, VietnamPlus reported. The police raid last week led to the seizure of around VND1t (US$44m) in cash and other assets from the organizers.
The Ministry of Public Security (MoPS) said the group started operating two websites, rikvip.com and rikvip.vn, in 2015. The sites offered a card game called Rikvip, later operated as mobile and computer application under the name Tip.club.
Before they can enter the games, the players will have to buy virtual scores, also known as RIK, using prepaid telecom cards, game cards, or bank accounts. They can also buy virtual scores at Rikvip agencies. According to MoPS, the gambling ring set up legal entities to connect with payment gateways in Vietnam, including the National Payment Corporation of Vietnam (NAPAS), to provide a “convenient payment system” for its players.
The group's gambling agencies was composed of 25 tier-1 agencies, and 5,852 tier-2 agencies. The MoPS probe revealed that the group received more than VND9.58t (US$422m) in payments via “legal and illegal payment gateways,” including more than VND9.29t from prepaid telecom cards and game cards, and an estimated VND168b (US$7.4m) from bank accounts.
Between April 2015 and August 2017, the Rikvip/Tip.club hosted over 42 million accounts on its system, with each player owning an average of three accounts, according to MoPS investigators.
Last week's raid led to the arrest of 83 people—41 of whom were charged with organizing gambling, 38 were charged with gambling, four were charged with illegally trading invoices, two were charged with money laundering, and one charged with using the internet to appropriate assets.
Among the arrested individuals was Major General Nguyen Thanh Hoa, the former head of the Ministry of Public Security's ‘C50' cybercrime division. They were arrested along with two top technology business people in Vietnam– Phan Sao Nam, founder of multimedia firm VTC, and Nguyen Van Duong, chairperson of online security firm CNC.
Authorities said 31 people are in police custody, while 42 others are currently on house arrests and two people are out on bail. Police are still searching for eight other individuals involved in the online gambling operation.
Online gambling, is still considered illegal in Vietnam, despite a recent move by the government to allow a five-year trial of allowing limited forms of betting on international football matches.
Comments
President Emmerson Mnangagwa has come to the aid of the family of late MDC-T leader Mr Morgan Tsvangirai in the face of difficulties followi...
Verlando Brown. Comcast / NBCUniversal
Verlando Brown, 28, Baltimore, Maryland
Verlando Brown didn't want to die of diabetes, high blood pressure or a stroke.
But as a college sophomore whose weight hovered near 300 pounds, a doctor said if Brown did not start exercising, death by disease would be their likely fate. So, the West Baltimore native found a personal trainer and dropped more than 100 pounds.
Today Brown is the program coordinator at Johns Hopkins University's Urban Health Institute. He's kept the weight off for ten years and uses their position to help others do the same.
CHECK OUT THE FULL LIST OF NBCBLK28 HERE!
"[The Urban Health Institute] caught my interest because I realized many communities need that access to support to really be healthy and to live longer," Brown said.
As a kid, Brown recalls living in a tough neighborhood where drugs, crime and limited resources fueled unhealthy habits, stress and mental health issues. Brown sees their job as a way of giving back to the community and helping people explore the intersections of public health, race, class and gender.
Community outreach is also part of the Towson University graduate's work as the Institute holds town hall style meetings to help residents discuss health concerns and their needs.
DEFINE YOURSELF IN THREE HASHTAGS #Hardworking #Ambitious #Humble
LATE NIGHTS OR EARLY MORNINGS? Early mornings
FAVORITE SONG TO PLAY AT FULL VOLUME Tevin Campbell-Tell me What You Want Me To Do.
MOST PEOPLE PROBABLY DON'T KNOW THAT I LOVE comedy
WHAT DO YOU READ DAILY? Huffington Post, The Baltimore Sun, The New York Times and The Washington Post
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Toddler Alfie Evans has been at the centre of a life support battle between their parents, health officials, courts and even the Vatican for the past few months. But just who is Alfie and what's happened to him?
Why did doctors want to turn off Alfie's life support?
Alfie Evans was born to parents Tom Evans and Kate James from Bootle in the North West of England on the 9th May 2016.
In December 2016 they were admitted to Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool suffering seizures. They have been a patient at the hospital ever since in a semi-vegetative state.
Alfie is suffering from degenerative neurological condition but doctors haven't been able to identify it.
Alfie's parents have clashed with the hospital over what should happen to their boy. They've engaged with the media and used social media to build a supporters network known as Alfie's Army who have controversially been protesting outside the hospital.
Why are the parents challenging the doctors?
Alfie's parents Tom and Kate want to fly them to the Bambino Gesu Hospital in Rome in the hope of prolonging their life. The hospital has links to the Vatican and the Pope has publicly supported them. Father Tom even flew to Rome to be granted an audience with the Pontiff.
But this request has been blocked by the hospital who believe continuing treatment is “not in Alfie's best interests”.
The court battle began at the High Court in Liverpool in December last year. The hospital argue their scans show “catastrophic degradation of [Alfie's] brain tissue” and that further treatment was not only “futile” but “unkind and inhumane”.
The judge Mr Justice Hayden ruled in Februarys doctors should stop providing life support against Alfie's parents' wishes. They then appealed fighting in the Court of Appeal which upheld the decision. The Supreme Court justices refused permission to mount another appeal and the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) also declined the case.
Mr Justice Hayden endorsed and end-of-life care plan for Alfie on the 11th April but again their parents tried to appeal claiming their son was being “unlawfully detained”. This was rejected for a second time by the Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court. The ECHR again refused to intervene prompting angry protests outside the hospital.
The Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has even granted the 23-month-old Italian citizenship in an attempt to transfer them to the country. However this was dismissed by Mr Justice Hayden who says they are British and “falls therefore under the jurisdiction of the High Court”.
What does the law say about who can decide?
Whilst it's generally agreed that parents are allowed to determine what happens to their children there are limits.
If a parent's decisions risk significant harm to their children then the law intervenes. The Children Act 1989 describes legal parental responsibility as “all the rights, duties, powers, responsibilities and authorities which, by law, a parent of a child has in relation to the child and their property”. A public body can disagree with these choices and can go to court in order to override this parental responsibility.
When it comes to medical treatment of children British law tends to favour doctors' decisions with regard to life-saving treatment over the rights of parents. The classic example being doctors' ability to overrule parents who are Jehovah's Witness who refuse their child's blood transfusion because of their faith. However, in other jurisdictions like the US the law falls more heavily on the side of parents even if this goes against the recommendations of doctors.
But in extreme cases like this where the question is around withdrawing treatment there are no clear statutory tests. It's dealt with on a case by case basis with judges deciding what is in a child's best interests.
Are there any other similar cases in the UK?
Last year Charlie Gard's parent's Chris Gard and Connie Yates fought a lengthy battle in British courts over their medical treatment.
The 11-month-old baby had a very rare condition known as mitochondrial depletion syndrome. It made cause progressive muscle weakness and brain damage because they were unable to get energy to their organs.
Charlie had irreversible brain damage and could not move, see, hear, cry or swallow. There was nothing Doctors at world-renowned Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH) in London could do so they argued Charlie should be allowed to die with dignity.
However, their parents and their supporters raised millions of pounds and fought for them to be flown to America for an experimental treatment.
GOSH doctors applied to the High Court for judges to decide on Charlie's fate. They agreed that life support should be withdrawn but Charlie's parents appealed against the decision.
The case drew worldwide media attention with the Vatican becoming involved and even US President Donald Trump tweeting their support.
The parents' appeals were rejected with the Supreme Court and the European Court before another hearing in the High Court which again concluded that it was in Charlie's best interests that they be allowed to die with dignity.
Charlie's parents abandoned their legal fight when even Professor Hirano, the US doctor who offered an experimental treatment, flew to the UK under court orders and determined Charlie's condition was irreversible.
Charlie passed away after being moved from GOSH to an unnamed hospice where life support was withdrawn on the 28th July.
The case proved divisive with the public with some believe Charlie's parents ultimately should be allowed to decide on their treatment and fate. Charlie's parents believe had they been allowed to take them to the US for treatment earlier they could have had a normal life.
Future Market Insights (FMI) has published a new report, which is titled, “Halal Cosmetics Market: Asia Pacific Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015 – 2020.”According to the report, the growing awareness among consumers about religious obligations has created a high demand for Halal products especially in the Asia Pacific region. This report thus studies the halal cosmetics market within the Asia Pacific region. According to report, the Asia Pacific halal cosmetics market is estimated to expand at a 9.9% CAGR between 2015 and 2020.
The growing awareness about transdermal nature of cosmetics is one of the key factors boosting the growth of the halal organic cosmetics market in Asia Pacific. The increase in the distribution and marketing channels as well as the high demand for organic vegan cosmetics will boost the growth of this market. The increased availability of color cosmetic variants will also aid in the growth of the market.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-ap-521
The report is a complete overview of the halal cosmetics market in Asia Pacific. It analyzes the various trends in the market that are expected to have an impact on the future of the halal cosmetics industry. The key opportunities within the market have also been analyzed in the report. The report also studies the various factors that are having a negative impact on the growth of the Asia Pacific Halal cosmetics market.
By product, the Halal cosmetics market is segmented into color cosmetics, fragrances, skin care, hair care. Eye care, lip care, face care, nail care are the sub segments of the color cosmetics segment. Of these the skin care segment is anticipated to gain a market share of 10 BPS through 2020. The color cosmetics is the leading segment and is estimated to account for 38% of the total market. The color cosmetics segment is anticipated to witness in increase of 60 BPS during the forecast period. This segment is likely to expand at a 10.2% CAGR from 2015 to 2020.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-ap-521
On the basis of geography the Asia Pacific Halal cosmetics market is segmented in East Asia, Southeast Asia, South Asia, and Oceania. Of these, Southeast Asia is anticipated to emerge as a dominant market for Halal cosmetics. The Southeast Asia region is estimated to expand at the fastest pace as compared to other areas of Asia Pacific. The report also states that South Asia is estimated to emerge as the second most attractive market for Halal cosmetics. Both these regions have a wide consumer base for Halal certified products.
Top players within the halal cosmetics market are taking efforts to launch newer products and extend the variety and product range. Leading players within the Asia Pacific Halal cosmetics market include: Wipro Unza, INIKA, Clara International, Martha Tilaar, Brataco Group Of Companies, Paragon Technology & Innovation, and Ivy Beauty Corporation Sdn Bhd. The report profiles the leading players and studies the business and financial overview of these companies. The key strategies adopted by these players are also revealed in the report. The recent developments by the players and information on partnerships, collaborations, and mergers and acquisitions are given in the report. The degree of competition and the collective shares accounted for, by top companies have been given in the study. The bargaining power of buyers and suppliers and the threat of substitute and new entrants are also analyzed.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/halal-cosmetics-market
The Chicago woman who live streamed the racially charged beating of a white Chicago teen with mental disabilities, pleaded guilty to hate crimes and was sentenced to just 4 years probation this Friday.
Brittany Covington, 19, has been in custody since their arrest in January.
Cook County Circuit Judge William Hooks called the event “horrific” and banned Covington from using social media for their 4 years of probation. Covington was also banned from communicating with the other two co-defendants, and they have been ordered 200 hours of community service.
Hooks told Covington they could have imposed a prison sentence but added, “I'm not sure if I did that you'd be coming out any better.”
I disagree, and I'm sure the parents of that disabled child, and other families would agree. This disabled child was lured from school to an empty apartment where they could be tied up and brutalized on camera just because they were white, this certainly calls for jail time. This 19 year old girl should not be allowed back in society if this is the type of damage they are capable of causing.
They clearly aren't thinking about the repercussions of their actions in the slightest if they were live streaming the crime on Facebook, which is scary, a young woman who is willing to commit a crime this heinous should be removed from society until they can learn to live with others.
Three others were charged in the incident: alleged ringleader Jordan Hill, 19, as well as Tesfaye Cooper, 19, and Covington's sister, Tanishia, 25. Their cases are still pending.
All of these young adults deserve to spend time behind bars for this disgusting act of violence and racism. There is clearly a deep seeded anger here for the white population that isn't going to be solved with 4 years off Facebook, these young adults need help, and need to be removed from society.
A Galway anti-racism grouping has called for investigations into management of the city's two direct provision centres for asylum seekers.
The Galway Anti-Racism Network claims that a man living in one of the two centres was forced to find emergency accommodation on the eve of Storm Emma early this month after they complained that staff had refused to serve them food.
The man, who says they cannot be named while their application for asylum is still being considered, is from an African state. They have been in the direct provision system in Ireland for almost a decade and has been moved around a number of centres.
They told The Irish Times they had to seek emergency winter accommodation provided by Galway's homeless services after being asked to leave the Great Western Hostel in the city centre just before the blizzard associated with Storm Emma on March 1st.
The Great Western Hostel near Eyre Square, for male asylum seekers only, is one of two direct provision centres still open in Galway, along with the Eglinton, which accommodates families, in Salthill.
Protests
A third centre, Lisbrook House, in a former Ibis hotel close to the Headford Road, was closed in late 2012 after protests over conditions.
The Galway Anti-Racism Network was founded by Renmore native Joe Loughnane who has been selected as a People Before Profit election candidate.
The network claims asylum seekers in Galway are being “intimidated and threatened” to discourage them from attending the network's weekly community meetings.
The network believes employees at the two centres may be “violating asylum seekers' human rights”, and says that the Department of Justice and the Irish Human Rights and Equality Commission should conduct an immediate review.
Two months ago, several asylum seekers who attended a protest hosted by the network over the limitations on the right to work spoke of very difficult conditions.
One resident of the Eglinton, who said they could not give their name in case their asylum application was jeopardised, described how some residents had been there for up to 11 years.
“People are dying inside,”she said. They related the reality of sharing a bedroom with two other women, one of whom has mental health issues, and said that many people were on medication to help them cope.
“There should be a six-month system of assessment – leaving people without a decision for five or 11 years is not good, not kind,”she said.
The network also says that “serious concerns persist” about the amount of profit earned by the centres' private owners from the taxpayer-funded programme.
Allegations of intimidation
The State paid more than €50 million last year to the owners of 34 centres, it noted.
The Department of Justice said that the Reception and Integration Agency (RIA) was “not aware of any specific allegations of intimidation by management in centres in Galway”, and could not take action “in the absence of a specific allegation about a particular incident”.
The department said there is “an established complaints procedure in place in all accommodation centres”.
“The first step is to inform local management. If there is any substance to these allegations, then this is obviously not an option in this instance. The next step is to inform RIA itself,” it said. The step after this involved informing the Ombudsman.
The department said that while the procedure was “generally linear”, there was no prohibition on a person going straight to the RIA or the Ombudsman, “as the case may be”.
“RIA takes the safety of its residents very seriously and is willing to listen to any specific complaints and act accordingly,”the department said.
Mr Loughnane said the network had sent information to the RIA, but it “never really responds to us”.
Image Credits: Titan Enterprises Ltd.
Used in hundreds of wind turbine installations, the Titan Enterprises OG2-700 flowmeter is a well-established monitoring device that provides valuable data helping to ensure safe and reliable operation.
Although China leads the world in the amount of power generated from wind, Denmark has the highest generation rate per capita by a long way. In 2015, this small country was generating over 2 megawatt hours per person well ahead of China's 0.26. This relatively high generation rate has resulted in a local industry which produces large numbers of wind turbines for the rest of the world. One of the fundamental requirements of ensuring reliable and efficient wind turbine operation is to keep the heavily loaded main bearings fully lubricated in all operating conditions.
Titan Enterprises were approached to supply a small flowmeter to monitor the grease being supplied into a wind turbine main bearing mechanism. For simplicity the grease mechanism is mechanically driven from the blade rotation and therefore the flow rate is potentially very low if the blades are barely rotating. This grease flow is crucial and an alarm must be tripped and the rotation stopped should the grease flow be insufficient. In addition, if the lubricant supply line became blocked the flowmeter should be able to withstand pressure that could potentially rise to several hundred Bar. An extra requirement for the required flow measurement device was for a low power system as the backup system was battery powered.
Drawing upon its proven OG2 flowmeter that fulfilled the low flow measurement specifications on lubricating viscous fluids, Titan Enterprises redesigned this meter to operate at 700 Bar in a small body and fitted a miniature reed switch detector to keep the power requirements to a minimum.
Fully IP67 / NEMA 4 compliant, the OG2-700 flowmeter is optimised for measuring the flow of viscous fluids and liquids at pressures of up to 700 bar and temperatures up to 150°C. With a standard flow range from 0.03 to 4.0 litres / minute on 30Cstk oil the OG2-700 can routinely achieve outstanding accuracy (0.5%) and repeatability (0.1%). Combining robust 316 stainless steel construction and proven technology ensures that OG2-700 flowmeter provides reliable, accurate operation over an extended product lifetime. At the heart of the OG2-700 flowmeter are a pair of toothed oval gears one of which contains chemically resistant magnets, the gears rotate freely on robust bearings. Rotation is detected through the chamber wall by a Hall effect detector or a reed switch giving approximately 1100 pulses per litre passed. The output is an NPN pulse or a voltage free contact closure either of which is readily interfaced with most electronic display or recording devices. This combination of materials and technology ensures a long-life product with reliable, accurate operation throughout.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Lupita Nyong'o is hailing the “public, intimate conversation” about sexual misconduct in Hollywood and elsewhere.
The 34-year-old actor who wrote an essay in October detailing their experiences with Harvey Weinstein said she's been happy to see the growth since then of the #MeToo and Time's Up movements.
“It feels like the public story right now is very, very intimate. So whether or not it's a phone call that I'm receiving, I feel like the most important thing is the public, intimate conversation that is happening,” Nyong'o said Wednesday at the press junket for Marvel's superhero movie “Black Panther.”
“I am very encouraged by how we are all talking about sexual harassment, and just sexual conduct. You know — what are the lines? What are the lines, what are the signs?” Nyong'o said.
“I think that's a very, very healthy conversation for all of us to have — so we can get to a place where those kinds of things are no longer haunting — haunting us.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nouha Dicko scored the only goal as Wolves dealt a huge blow to Leeds' Championship play-off hopes.
Garry Monk's side were well on course for the top six heading into last month's international break but a return of four points from five games has seen them drop out of the play-off places on goal difference.
By contrast, Wolves' win was enough to end any mathematical relegation concerns with four matches to go.
They were full value, too, for their half-time lead. Dicko's strike was only the fourth goal Leeds had conceded at Elland Road since November and the Whites went into the clash having won 10 of their previous 12 home games.
But Leeds were unable to draw on that record as they suffered their fifth home defeat of the season.
Wolves had eased their relegation fears with five straight wins before back-to-back defeats and were keen to prove a point after a home defeat to Leeds in October.
Paul Lambert's side enjoyed a bright start and had the first sight of goal when George Saville – a goalscorer in last season's 2-1 loss at Elland Road – glanced a header well wide.
Leeds immediately threatened on the break but they were indebted to Robert Green for keeping out Andreas Weimann's low shot with their legs after they were left clean through following a collision between Leeds pair Gaetano Berardi and Pontus Jansson.
Green had to get down low to push Dave Edwards' low shot behind as Wolves continued to take the game to a Leeds side struggling with the away team's carefree approach.
Kyle Bartley threw their body in the way of a Saville strike with United again stretched before Dicko sent a 20-yard shot whistling past the right-hand post with Green beaten.
Berardi fired an ambitious volley into the crowd and Jansson headed over from a corner as Leeds got a foothold in the game.
But the hosts fell behind in the 38th minute when Dicko ran into space created by Jansson's charge upfield to latch on to Ben Marshall's throughball and roll a shot beyond Green.
Chris Wood twice threatened to get a shot off as half-time approached but the ball would not drop for the Championship's top goalscorer as Leeds' frustrations continued.
United were brighter after the break with Luke Ayling firing well over and Richard Stearman adjudged to have not deliberately handled Wood's cross.
Winger Hadi Sacko replaced defensive midfielder Liam Bridcutt in an attacking move by Monk before Jansson headed Pablo Hernandez's corner over with Leeds on the front foot.
For all United's pressure they failed to test their former goalkeeper Andy Lonergan until the 72nd minute when substitute Souleymane Doukara's header forced them to tip over.
Wolves substitute Kortney Hause headed Kemar Roofe's looping header off the line under intense pressure and when Wood headed over in stoppage time Leeds knew it was not their day.
LEEDS: Green, Ayling, Bartley, Jansson, Berardi (Taylor, 63), Bridcutt (Sacko, 56), Phillips, Roofe, Hernandez, Pedraza (Doukara, 72), Wood. Subs: O'Kane, Dallas, Peacock-Farrell, Coyle.
WOLVES: Lonergan, Coady, Williamson, Stearman, Doherty, Saiss, Edwards, Marshall (Hause, 85), Weimann, Saville (Evans, 68), Dicko (Bodvarsson, 68). Subs: Iorfa, Price, Burgoyne, White.
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - A man was shot early Saturday outside a restaurant in northwest Miami-Dade County, officials said.
Lt. Felipe Lay, a spokesperson for the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Department, said the man was shot just after 7 a.m. outside the El Deseo Restaurant in the 1500 block of 119th Street.
Lay said the man was airlifted to Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami. Their condition was not disclosed.
A security guard for El Deseo Restaurant, which doubles as a nightclub, said the victim left the restaurant as it was closing and was shot on the sidewalk.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/19K9f
— The three soldiers killed Wednesday in an attack in southwest Niger were assigned to Fort Bragg, the U.S. Department of Defense said Friday.
The soldiers were part of a mission to train, advise and assist troops in the African nation. They were attacked by hostile fire while on a reconnaissance patrol.
All three were assigned to the 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne).
The department identified the three as:
–Staff Sgt. Bryan C. Black, 35, of Puyallup, Wash.
–Staff Sgt. Jeremiah W. Johnson, 39, of Springboro, Ohio
–Staff Sgt. Dustin M. Wright, 29, of Lyons, Ga.
Freddy McHugh lived at the gates of Classiebawn Castle on the Mullaghmore peninsula in Co Sligo until they died some time in the 1960s. Locals say no photograph of McHugh (72) has since been found and that their burial place is not known.
However, the poverty McHugh experienced before their death was uncovered when neighbours discovered they had burned almost every stick of furniture in their home in an effort to stay warm.
The people of Mullaghmore gathered on Monday to pay tribute to McHugh and to the inhabitants of the nearby lost village of Mullach Gearr, whose homes were demolished following the construction of Classiebawn in the 1860s.
Local historian Joe McGowan said the community felt it was important to honour the lives of those who had little status in their lifetimes and who had been long forgotten since death.
“The rich and titled have too much of the good things in this life; the poor deserve a place in the sun too,” said Mr McGowan.
They remember McHugh as a local character whose pithy sayings were often quoted by neighbours, but they said that even though they died “not that long ago”, it was clear survival was a daily grind for him.
Homeless people
Independent Sligo county councillor Declan Bree, who addressed the gathering, drew parallels between the austerity experienced by McHugh and the suffering of today's homeless people, including some 2,500 children.
McHugh resided in the castle's gatehouse, best known as the holiday home of Lord Louis Mountbatten. When McHugh died shortly after collapsing with apparent hypothermia on a frost-bleached ditch, locals were shocked to find even part of their bed had been used for firewood.
The Griffiths Valuation of 1858 gives details of eight families living in Mullach Gearr but by the time the Ordnance Survey map of 1910 was drawn up, the houses had been demolished .
No trace of the village remains and the Mullaghmore Residents and Heritage Group commissioned a memorial, created by sculptor Brendan McGloin, on the Wild Atlantic Way in an effort to ensure that McHugh and the residents of Mullach Gearr are not forgotten.
The memorial includes a sun dial which Mr McGowan said marked the passage of time and symbolised a link between the generations.
The world's biggest and most powerful money managers usually hate gold.
But not today.
The latest survey of nearly 200 money managers worldwide, controlling more than half a trillion dollars in investment assets, shows a sudden and rare burst of bullishness about the yellow metal.
They're worried about inflation, stagflation and global protectionism, and they think gold is the best insurance against all three.
And at less than $1,300 an ounce, they also think, for only the third time in a decade, that it is undervalued.
Make of that what you will.
Under Trump, gold is an insurance policy rather than an investment mainstay.
This is the surprising and remarkable takeaway from the latest Bank of America Merrill Lynch monthly global fund manager survey. The survey is a key indicator each month of mainstream opinion among those who run the world's investments. BofA surveyed 175 money managers with $543 billion in assets under management.
By a net margin of 15%, opinion among money managers is that gold is undervalued. That ties the record set in January 2009.
Money managers often argue that gold is overvalued, uninteresting or both. That goes right back to 2004, when I first suggested Merrill Lynch start asking about the metal in its monthly surveys.
Only three times in the past 10 years has a majority believed gold was cheap. After the past two times — January 2009 and January 2015 — gold subsequently shot up in price. This is surely more than coincidence.
Mainstream financial opinion hates gold. It generates no cash flow, so it is impossible to value. Indeed, you could argue that according to standard financial theory, it is pretty much valueless. Meanwhile, many of gold's strongest adherents rely on a variety of questionable arguments to make their case, including the circular one that “it's money because it's money.”
Federal Reserve Chairwoman Yellen affirms rate hike (5:12)
Agnostics, on the other hand, have the advantage that we can stay flexible. Gold has a number of unconventional appeals. It's the only currency not controlled by central bankers or politicians, and it has a reasonable track record of zigging when stocks and bonds are zagging.
The latest survey opinion is of more than passing interest. These guys typically do not hold gold in their portfolios. Indeed, to buy some, most of them will have to go through investment committees, which takes weeks or months. But if they are interested, and they stay interested, that will presumably drive more demand for gold as an investment in the months ahead.
This gold call is the downside of what Bank of America Merrill Lynch calls the “Icarus” trade — after the figure in Greek mythology who plunged to their death after flying too close to the sun.
The stock market has been booming since the week before the presidential election. And right now momentum, technical indicators and investment opinion all point to further gains for stocks. Merrill says money managers are starting to talk about a global economic “boom,” corporate executives are talking optimistically on conference calls, and growth and inflation expectations worldwide are being pencilled upwards. The 50-day moving average on the S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.40% of stocks is well above the 200-day moving average, and actually the gap is widening.
All of this is a good argument for being bullish on stocks, especially if you are a momentum trader. BofA sees another 10% gain on the market before the run ends.
Read: Trump and Cohn are wrong: Dodd-Frank isn't killing the economy
But risks remain, including valuation, inflation, rising interest rates and global trade conflict. (President Donald Trump said during the campaign that financial assets were in a “big fat bubble,” which presumably means it's even bigger and fatter now.) The biggest risk is that Trump's mercantilist policies will introduce a beggar-thy-neighbor round of reprisals elsewhere. The rise in the U.S. dollar since the election is already a negative for the United States, as it hurts exports and drives up the cost of imports. In a mercantilist world, every country wants a cheaper currency. But currencies are a zero-sum game. The one that can't be devalued by central bank activity is gold.
The second biggest is surely uncertainty itself. You do not have to be a critic of the current president to accept that they introduce a massive amount of uncertainty into governance and policy. (His biggest supporters like them pretty much for that reason.)
In this scenario gold is an insurance policy rather than an investment mainstay. So-called “gold bugs” typically hold a lot of their portfolio in the metal, sometimes a third or more. Professional money managers typically hold nothing. Holding 5% or 10% of your portfolio in gold doesn't seem unreasonable.
Audio launch functions are generally part of movie promotions where the entire cast and crew of the movie come together on a single stage. It is also the time where the Music Director of the movie is designated to hog the limelight.
However, in the South Indian cine industry, the leading star hero takes the lion share of the stage and the attention due to the immense fan base and adulation.
But a recent audio launch function in Chennai was devoid of the conventional pattern. Comedy Star Santhanam, who turned on-screen hero of late is all geared up with their upcoming movie Sakka Podu Podu Raja. The movie has been directed by Sethuraman and bankrolled by VTV Ganesh.
The big name on papers is that of the Music Director. Though a debutant in the said capacity, they need no introduction. A good friend to VTV Ganesh and kind of Godfather to Santhanam, Simbu aka STR is making their debut as a Music Director with this movie.
With the recent controversies, issues and allegations, STR has made their first stage appearance and has opened up to the media and fans. But the best part was when the controversial star was morally supported by their friend turned competitor turned senior, Dhanush.
Dhanush's Humble Gesture
Not very often do we see stars coming out in public and voicing their support to their colleagues. National award-winning actor, Dhanush stood by STR throughout the function and even in their life, whom they consider their good friend.
Dhanush iterated that both the young gen stars share a healthy bond and are there mutually at their time of need. They wish to see fans of either stars to be the same way and support them with an appreciative mind-set which not only helps the individuals but also the film fraternity.
Dhanush shared an interesting anecdote which dated to the early days of their career. The dance master of their very first movie had urged the multi-talented VIP actor to refer the dance movements of STR and replicate the same in their movie.
An intrigued Dhanush watched the video and exclaimed back to the dance master that they would never be able to flex their body like STR. Dhanush also pointed out that their entry into the cinema industry was accidental and had to work towards the goal as part of responsibility more than an ambition, while STR was born for the purpose of getting into films and every action of the Vallavan star is a relative reflection of their passion and interest.
Dhanush had some good words for the leading actor, Santhanam. They said that Santhanam had immense potential right from the very beginning and the same was discussed between both Dhanush and director Vetrimaran during the shooting of Pollathavan.
Simbu's Extended Speech
It was quite a detailed speech from STR as the actor had made special notes in their Mobile Phone. STR thanked God, their parents, film fraternity, media house and their fans.
The budding music director thanked all the lyric writers and music directors with whom they were associated from the beginning to till date. They had some special words for legendary writer Vali, Na. Muthukumar and one of the popular music directors, Yuvan Shankar Raja.
AAA Issue
STR did not elaborate much on the ongoing AAA producer's issue as they wrapped up the same by extending an apology if they had committed any mistake. They exclaimed that the dissection of the said issue would not fetch good to anyone and expressed their disappointment that the producer could have approached them and sorted out the issue amicably.
Simbu-Mani Ratnam Movie
The talented actor confirmed that they are still part of the prestigious Mani Ratnam's project thereby dismissing reports of them being ousted.
Admiration Towards Dhanush
STR thanked Dhanush in the most profuse manner and also couldn't help themselves from sharing their early stage experience. STR said that it was hard for them to believe that a guy with such uncanny looks could be called an actor.
But they were quick enough to add that they were mesmerized with Dhanush's performance in their initial two movies and had indeed watched Kadhal Kondein, with the leading star first day first show upon its release.
STR appreciated and thanked Dhanush's gracious gesture of lending their support at this critical juncture and wished to continue their friendship with the latter for the long walk of their lives.
Bonding With Fans
Their speech removed all masks and censor when it was time for them to speak about their fans. STR said that they make movies to entertain their fans and no matter what, they would be there for them whether they continue to act in movies or any other avenue.
The 34-year-old actor assured that neither any conspiracy nor any personnel from the industry could rupture the emotional connect between the actor and their fans.
JERUSALEM (AP) — The International Committee of the Red Cross is sending surgeons, nurses, physiotherapists, drugs and equipment to Gaza to support the overburdened local health system, focusing on patients wounded by Israeli fire in recent border protests.
The Red Cross said on Thursday that out of more than 3,600 Palestinians wounded by gunfire since late March, about 1,350 will need between three to five surgeries each. The agency will open a 50-bed surgical unit and its surgeons will perform about half of an estimated 4,000 surgeries.
It says such a caseload would overwhelm any health system, and that the situation in Gaza is worsened by chronic shortages of drugs, equipment, and electricity.
Gaza has endured a border blockade by Israel and Egypt since the Islamic militant Hamas seized the territory in 2007.
By James Agberebi:
Nigerian forward Sone Aluko was on target as Fulham strengthened their quest for a Premier League play-off place following their 3-1 Championship home win against 10-man Aston Villa on Monday.
Aluko scored in the 56th minute to put Fulham 2-1 ahead.
The goal was Aluko's eighth in 42 league appearances for Fulham this season.
Ryan Sessegnon had put Fulham 1-0 in the 17th minute before Jack Grealish equalised for Aston Villa on 50 minutes.
Neeskens Kebano scored the winning goal in the 62nd minute to secure the win for Fulham.
Aston Villa had Jonathan Kodjia sent off after they were shown a straight red card in the 22nd minute.
Fulham now occupy the sixth position in the league table, the final play-off spot, on 73 points with three games left.
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
Iranian-Americans are set to present in-person testimonies in a case against US President Donald Trump's contentious executive order banning travel from six Muslim-majority countries.
The testimonies will be given to Judge Tanya S. Chutkan of the US District Court in Washington on Tuesday, Politico news website reports.
Denouncing the US travel ban as counterproductive, the plaintiffs will detail how Iranian students, medical researchers, and others could be disproportionately hurt by the measure.
“It was a dagger in my heart as someone of Iranian-American heritage,” said Cyrus Mehri, a civil rights attorney who is leading the litigation. “I really saw it as a flash point for this diaspora, over half a million strong, that has done so much to contribute to this country and is now in such danger of being potential scapegoats.”
Most of the plaintiffs are said to be using pseudonyms in their court papers amid fears of reprisal from the US administration.
Trump signed the executive order in late January, originally placing a 90-day travel ban on people from Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan, Iraq, and Yemen and a 120-day ban on any refugees. Iraq was removed from the list in a revised version of the ban on March 6.
The January order was blocked by a judge in Seattle amid mass protests worldwide.
The March 6 visa ban has also been put on hold due to court rulings in Maryland and Hawaii, which found the measure was likely unconstitutional and tainted by anti-Muslim bias.
US State Department figures show that Iranians have received more than half of the US visas issued to passport holders from the six countries over the past two years.
No matter what you think of Mother Monster, you cannot deny how absolutely powerful their vocals are.
If you're still not convinced, watch this video of their isolated vocals from Super Bowl LI, and listen how incredible Gaga sounds.
Keep in mind this was a live performance, with bungee chords, costume changes, running, dancing, and a million moving parts to go along with the million reasons why she's amazing.
As an added bonus, here's another isolated vocals video, from their performance of “A-YO” on Saturday Night Live.
Via Popcrush
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
David Bowie, Prince, Leonard Cohen, George Michael, Muhammad Ali and Carrie Fisher are just some of the famous faces we lost in 2016 - but alongside those notable names were many other celebrities whose passing didn't quite generate the same amount of column inches.
Here are some more well-known personalities we might have forgotten that we said a fond farewell to this year...
Pete Burns - Lead singer of 80s pop band Dead Or Alive who gained more fame on Celebrity Big Brother. Died October, aged 57.
Sir George Martin - Legendary music producer who was known as the ‘fifth Beatle'. Died March, aged 90.
Keith Emerson - Founding member of rock supergroup Emerson, Lake and Palmer. Died March, aged 71.
Glenn Frey - Founding member of US band The Eagles. Died January, aged 67.
Padraig Duggan - Musician who came to prominence in the 70s with Irish folk group Clannad. Died August, aged 67.
David Guest - US musician and reality TV star. Died April, aged 62.
Sir Terry Wogan - Broadcasting icon who was a star of both television and radio. Died January, aged 77.
Victoria Wood - Much-loved comedian and actor. Died April, aged 62.
Merle Haggard - American country music great. Died April, aged 79.
Craig Gill - Drummer with Madchester indie outfit The Inspiral Carpets. Died November, aged 44.
Emilie Ford - Singer who had UK No.1 with What Do You Want To Make Those Eyes At Me You? Died April, aged 78.
Dale Griffin - Drummer with 70s glam-rockers Mott The Hoople. Died January, aged 67.
Greg Lake - Fronted both Emerson, Lake & Palmer and King Crimson. Also known for solo hit I Believe In Father Christmas. Died December, aged 69.
Colin Vearncombe - Singer who performed under the name Black and had huge hit with 1987 single Wonderful Life. Died January, aged 53.
Jean Alexander - Famous for playing the iconic Hilda Ogden in ITV soap Coronation Street. Died October, aged 90.
Kenny Baker - Played R2-D2 in six-Star Wars films from 1977 and starred in Time Bandits and Flash Gordon. Died August, 81.
Ken Barrie - The voice of popular children's TV character Postman Pat. Died July, aged 83.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - Hollywood actor who starred in more than 70 films and was married no fewer than nine times. Died December, aged 99.
Anton Yelchin - Talented young actor who played Pavel Chekov in the rebooted Star Trek films. Died June, aged 27.
Andrew Sachs - Enjoyed a long and varied career but will be best remembered for their role as Spanish waiter Manuel in classic BBC comedy Fawlty Towers.
Paul Daniels - Magician who was a mainstay of Saturday night TV for many years. Died March, aged 77.
Umberto Eco - Italian intellectual and novelist most famous for The Name of the Rose. Died February, aged 84.
Boston Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel celebrates with manager Alex Cora after they defeated the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game at Fenway Park, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Boston. The Red Sox won 6-4. Elise Amendola AP Photo
By Abby Hassler
True Twin Peaks fans will remember David bowie's cameo in the Twin Peaks film Fire Walk with Me. Bowie played Phillip Jeffries, a FBI agent involved in the “Blue Rose” task force.
Related: Watch Motörhead's Reverential Video for David Bowie's ‘Heroes'
In last night's episode of the Showtime reboot Twin Peaks: The Return, Bowie's character appeared during FBI director Gordon Cole's (played by series creator David Lynch) description of a strange and revelatory dream they had, according to Spin.
Last year, Harry Goaz (who plays the character Andy) mentioned to Dallas News that Bowie was supposed to return for another cameo for the revamped season, but was unable to do so before they passed away.
For the episode, Lynch used old footage of Bowie from Fire Walk With Me instead of recasting the role or changing the plot. During the end credits, there is a note dedicating the episode to Bowie's memory.
A former head of maths at St Colman's College in Newry, described by a judge as a “persistent, predatory and opportunistic offender who abused young people,” was jailed for 13 years on Wednesday.
Ordering the sentences for each of their six victims to be served consecutively to each other, Judge Brian Sherard told 75-year-old Patrick James Carton said the penalty was “entirely in keeping with your course of persistent offending”.
Standing in the dock of Downpatrick Crown Court, sitting in Antrim, Carton appeared shocked at the sentence while their relatives close by in the public gallery held their hands to their faces and cried.
Jailing the former teacher and imposing a Sexual Offences Prevention Order to run alongside the jail sentence, Judge Sherard told Carton they had been a “beacon of respectability” and had devoted their career to teaching maths to children “with some considerable success”but “it's clear that you have been offending from middle age”.
At the end of their seven week trial last March, the jury of seven women and five men found Carton unanimously guilty on 28 counts of indecent assault and by a majority decision of 11 to one on a further count of indecent assault, all of which were committed on dates between February 17th 1983 and 30 June 30th 2007.
The jury heard that Carton, from Marguerite Close in Newcastle and who taught at St Colman's in Newry and De la Salle in Downpatrick, had given private maths lessons to the six victims, abusing them in their own bedrooms.
The jury heard similar testimony from the six victims, five female and one male, each of them teenagers at the time of the abuse. They said Carton had a “star system” of discipline with three stars serving “as a warning,” four stars resulting in a smack, five leading to a smack over underwear and six stars meant the pupil was smacked on their or their bare bottom.
The victims gave evidence that on occasions, Carton instructed them to lie on their bed where they smacked them but that in other incidents they were “put across” Carton's knee.
One of the women repeatedly assaulted by Carton told the jury they had repeatedly told Carton to stop but that it was “very hard” for a teenager to challenge a then 50 year-old man.
“I told them I didn't want to get smacked. I didn't like it. It was not right,” they said.
“He said this would make me pass my maths. It would make my parents proud.”
They outlined how, when they were in lower sixth and before they got their A level results, the abuse escalated to sexual touching with Carton telling them it was their “award” for doing well in their lessons.
Another woman said Carton had “ruined” their life, while other victims told the court how they remembered their tears falling onto their work sheets and how the smacking left them unable to concentrate.
The male victim recounted how Carton pulled their pants down to smack them while being taught maths at their home in the 1980s, describing one incident where they had to “fight them off with their pants around their ankles” because Carton would not stop hitting him.
During their police interviews Carton told police they did not smack the children to punish but, in their mind, it was to challenge the children and had always been done with the parents' consent.
They denied gaining any sexual gratification or any criminal wrongdoing, telling police it was “the most effective method” that led to “the best results”.
Defence barrister Mark Barlow conceded that although Carton “is going to custody” they submitted their offences were “at the bottom of the scale”.
In their lengthy sentencing remarks, however, Judge Sherard said it was their view, having read the reports and heard the evidence, that despite their years Carton was “nothing less of a danger now than when you committed these offences”.
As well as the jail sentence, Carton was orders to sign the police sex offenders register for the rest of their life.
Speaking afterwards, Inspector Michelle Shaw from the PSNI Public Protection Branch welcomed the sentencing.
“The six victims have shown great strength in coming forward and throughout the seven week trial at Downpatrick Crown Court. I hope today's result has lifted a huge weight from their shoulders,” they said.
While everyone is excited to enjoy the sparkle of July 4th, residents in the three incorporated cities in Montague County are reminded it is illegal to discharge fireworks inside the city limits of Bowie, Nocona and Saint Jo.
Those who violate those ordinances may receive a citation for a class C misdemeanor carrying a fine of up to $500.
Bowie Fire Chief Doug Page said local residents can travel to Selma Park on Lake Amon G. Carter where they are allowed to shoot off fireworks only on July 4th. Any discharge at other times may result in a ticket.
Those in Nocona can watch the Lions Fireworks show at Lake Nocona and in Saint Jo, the Saint Jo Fire Department fireworks at Boggess Park.
Large brewing companies in Ireland are engaging in anti-competitive practices and abusing their market dominance to prevent smaller firms selling their beer and cider to pubs, the Dáil has heard.
In a trenchant criticism of major breweries, Labour TD Alan Kelly also accused them of acting illegally and “telling publicans they will give them funds, will pay for refurbishment, give them free kegs and event cash as long as they get rid of the other brands”.
The Tipperary TD said that a case had been taken in Greece where a subsidiary of Heineken was fined tens of millions after a small brewer took a high court case.
They said a pub in Cork they were in recently had 21 taps of which 19 were from one brewing company and that smaller breweries tried to get some of that business.
Mr Kelly claimed similar practices were occurring in pubs across all counties and that the statutory body that deals with anti-competitive practices, the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (CCPC), had received a number of complaints but did not have the resources to deal with the issue.
However, Minister of State Pat Breen said “after a robust examination” the CCPC found it did not have grounds to suspect a breach of the law.
Mr Kelly said that “the dogs in the street know what is happening here” and that the Minister's response was insulting to the industry.
They said the CCPC would need large resources to investigate the issue and “large amounts of cash and resources are being used, and these practices are happening in large pubs in all cities and towns in Ireland”.
The Labour TD, who has sponsored legislation to allow craft brewers sell their product and give samples to those doing tours of small breweries, said it was unacceptable to allow such dominance.
Mr Breen suggested that if Mr Kelly had any evidence of such practices they should bring that evidence to the commission and that it would have “no problem further examining the evidence produced by you”.
Components of electric vehicles which are made of plastic fall under the electric vehicle plastics category. Electric vehicles usually possess metal batteries, the weight of which affects their functioning. Instead of metals, plastics and composite materials can also be used as they help reduce running costs. An electric vehicle requires relatively little servicing and no expensive exhaust systems, starter motors, fuel injection systems, radiators, and other parts. A higher quantity of plastic material is used in these vehicles than in conventional ones, owing to the inclusion of a larger battery pack, the smaller size of the internal combustion engine, and demand for lightweight materials to improve fuel efficiency. Electric vehicle plastics are the raw materials prominently used to manufacture parts and supplies.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21554
Increasing demand for electric vehicles owing to growing environmental awareness supported by innovation, government initiatives, and investments made by OEMs has resulted in a technological revolution in the global automobile industry. The need for electric vehicles propels allied sectors such as plastics, an essential material required in the manufacturing of the former. Manufacturers need lightweight materials to develop electric vehicles, which is the primary driver of the global electric vehicle plastics market. Environmental concerns are expected to increase the requirement for electric vehicles, thereby driving the electric vehicle plastics market over the forecast period. With a shift in consumer need toward automobiles which contribute to fewer greenhouse gas emissions, highly fuel-efficient electric vehicles and their variants are being manufactured by almost all major automakers owing to the improving year-on-year sales of this product, directly influencing the development of the electric vehicle plastics market. Another contributing factor is the decline in the prices of raw materials used in the manufacture of electric vehicles.
In terms of material, electric vehicle plastic is categorized into the following types: PP, PE, ABS, PE, PVC, PA, nylon 6, polycarbonate, PVB, and other engineering resins. Based on vehicle type, the market is classified into the hybrid, plug-in hybrid, and battery varieties. On the basis of application, the market is segmented into the interior, exterior, lighting & electric wiring, and under the hood divisions. Polyurethanes are a widely used material in electric vehicles, which could be attributed to the advantages they offer, such as high strength, flexibility, resistance to temperature, and radiation. Key applications of polyurethanes include seating, electric wiring, and hard plastic parts. Battery electric vehicles are a rapidly expanding segment in the electric vehicle plastics market, driven by factors such as increasing innovation, environmental concerns, and stringent emission regulations. To promote their growth, governments are introducing various tax and non-tax incentives for owners of these vehicles. This eventually supplements the growth of the plastics employed in them.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/electric-vehicle-plastics-market.html
The global electric vehicle plastic market has witnessed modest growth in 2015 and is expected to follow the same trend during the forecast period. Asia Pacific dominates the electric vehicle plastic market and has emerged as a hub for electric vehicles in recent years, with China and Japan being the leading players. Governments in APAC are also trying to provide incentives to support the demand for electric vehicles. The electric vehicle plastics market in North America and Western Europe are flourishing at a healthy rate as a result of the increasing adoption of non-polluting vehicles as a means of transportation. The markets in Latin America and Middle East & Africa are likely to experience a sluggish growth rate due to limited demand for and sales of electric vehicles, but this situation could improve in later years when the demand for fossil fuels increases.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Pointe Claire, Quebec (webnewswire) December 10, 2017 – Future Electronics, a global leading distributor of electronic components, recently held its annual Advanced Engineering University event at the company's corporate headquarters in Montreal.
Robert Miller, President of Future Electronics, thanked the entire Future Electronics team for their efforts in planning, executing, and attending the Advanced Engineering University (AEU) event, which brought Engineers from all around the world to the company's corporate headquarters to attend an 8-day informative training event. The event included seminars presented by leading suppliers, covering the latest technology and industry innovations.
Platinum sponsors for this year's AEU were Infineon, Lumileds, Microchip, NXP, Renesas, and STMicroelectronics, with keynote speakers featured from each company.
Robert Miller founded Future Electronics in 1968. The company is known for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as providing differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design.
For more information about Future Electronics and access to the world's largest available-to-sell inventory, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com.
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as providing differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the Customer®.
For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com.
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have been linked with Tobias Pachonik - even though they have three senior right-backs still under contract.
According to Turkish-Football , the 23-year-old German is under consideration as their deal at Italian Serie B side, Carpi, is set to end this summer.
Pachonik has impressed at full-back this season and is also interesting Southampton, according to the report.
But with Ahmed Elmohamady, James Bree and Ritchie De Laet all contracted to Villa - and the club still expected to discuss fresh terms with Alan Hutton, a move for Villa would seem unlikely at this stage.
Things could change if the claret and blues decided to move players on, though.
Hutton, who is out-of-contract themselves from next month may get a better offer from elsewhere and move, even though he's settled in the area and enjoys playing for Villa.
De Laet also spent last season on loan at Royal Antwerp and could make the move permanent if a deal can be arranged. It's understood that personal terms could be a sticking point.
That would still leave Elmohamady and Bree, though, so the priority may be elsewhere.
Pachonik has turned out at right-back this season but can also play in the centre of defence.
He's represented Germany at U19 and U20 level.
Clubs in their homeland are also checking out their services.
Suspended
Ritchie De Laet has been suspended by the Royal Belgian Football Association and fined €1,200 for making ‘obscene gestures towards a referee'.
Aston Villa defender De Laet is currently enjoying a loan spell at Belgian side Royal Antwerp, whom they started their professional career with.
The 29-year-old right-back departed Villa temporarily in January and has made 14 appearances for Antwerp in the Belgian Pro League.
The incident involving the former Leicester City defender, who joined Villa in a £2.5million transfer two years ago, occurred during a recent match against St. Truiden.
Chuba Akpom, on loan at Truiden from Arsenal, challenged Antwerp goalkeeper Sinan Bolat and De Laet reacted angrily.
The Belgian defender can be seen clearly making offensive signs and gestures in the direction of referee Christof Dierick.
Dierick booked De Laet but the Disputes Committee has since reviewed the footage.
The pros and cons of Aston Villa sticking with Steve Bruce as manager
Initially, federal prosecutor Gilles Blondeau demanded De Laet be given a one-match ban and a €400 fine – but commission president Hubert Poncelet has handed the full-back a bigger penalty.
De Laet apologised for their ‘highly inappropriate gestures' at the hearing and their lawyer, Thomas Machtelinckx, requested for the one-match suspension not to be increased.
De Laet also claimed the gestures were not aimed towards the official.
Their request was rejected by the committee.
(Image: Kristof Terreur/@HLNinEngeland)
Poncelet said: "The committee is of the opinion that De Laet's gestures absolutely do not belong on a football field, as the player themselves admits. It does not matter whether the gestures were addressed to the referee or not.”
Unless Antwerp appeal the sanction, De Laet will take the suspension into next season.
Villa sanctioned De Laet's loan move in the January window with a view to it being made permanent this summer.
It's understood both De Laet and Antwerp are keen to come to an agreement, but it's likely the Villa defender will need to take a pay cut in order for that to happen.
Aston Villa transfer Tinder - decide which players the club should keep or sell
Gollini boost
Aston Villa's coffers are set to be boosted with Atalanta ready to purchase forgotten goalkeeper Pierluigi Gollini, reports Gazzetta dello Sport.
The 23-year-old has spent the last 18 months on loan with the Serie A side after failing to earn Steve Bruce's trust at Villa Park.
Gollini has often played the role of understudy to Atalanta No.1 Etrit Berisha.
The former Manchester United youngster has played just seven Serie A games this season, but he's reportedly done enough to convince the club to conclude a permanent transfer.
The fee Atalanta will have to cough up for Gollini is reportedly £3.5million.
Gollini is one of six senior Villa players out on loan this season.
Spanish playmaker Carles Gil has spent the last two campaigns at Deportivo La Coruna and that will be made permanent imminently.
Deportivo's sporting director Carmelo del Pozo told Marca: "Carles Gil's compulsory purchase will be effective, then we will see if they want to play in Segunda and if they are convinced of playing in Segunda."
Tommy Elphick, Gary Gardner and Aaron Tshibola are all expected to return to Villa, while Ritchie De Laet is in negotiations over a permanent move to Royal Antwerp.
Revealed: How much cash Aston Villa need to raise this summer
Snoddy's agony
Fans' favourite Robert Snodgrass has been left heartbroken as Aston Villa's Wembley woe all but scuppered hopes of a permanent transfer.
The popular Scot spent the season on loan at Villa Park from Premier League side West Ham.
Snodgrass, 30, recorded seven goals and 14 assists in 43 outings for Villa and current manager Steve Bruce hoped to conclude a permanent transfer this summer.
Snodgrass is expected to leave West Ham following Manuel Pellegrini's appointment.
Villa is their preferred destination, but a move to the Second City is off the table.
Failure to achieve promotion to the Premier League, and Villa's ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play, means a deal for Snodgrass is all but impossible.
BirminghamLive understands Villa need to raise around £40million to comply with FFP guidelines.
Aston Villa ace sidelined for ten weeks and could miss next season's opener
"Whatever happens I have loved pulling on that jersey and met some great people,” Snodgrass told supporters after Villa were resigned to another season in the Championship.
Snodgrass has also been hugely influential off the pitch this season. The Scotland international has been the joker in Villa's pack and their humour was vital in keeping morale high in the season's tough moments.
They built up a rapport with both the playing staff and supporters, the latter to such an extent that they got a standing ovation every time they trotted over to take a corner at Villa Park.
Snodgrass has made a friend for life in John Terry and he's also played an understated role in Jack Grealish's rise this term.
Speaking before the play-off final, Snodgrass said: "I came on loan to Aston Villa to be part of something special, to try and help them get back into the Premier League.
“I can't say it was a straightforward decision, though, because I had a situation where I could only go on loan to a Championship club.
“The owners at West Ham wouldn't let me go to a Premier League club. There were four or five Championship clubs interested and Aston Villa were 16th or 17th at the time, so it looked as if it would be tough for them to get promotion.
“But I assessed it and thought: ‘If there's one team that could kick on, it will probably be them.' And I knew most of the staff here which was a big factor."
Hutton's prayers
Out of contract defender Alan Hutton says he's ‘struggling to come to terms' with Aston Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
Hutton made 33 appearances for Villa last season and excelled at left-back.
Their future is now up in the air, though, and the 33-year-old full-back is free to join another club.
Manager Steve Bruce said prior to the play-off final that Hutton would be offered a new contract regardless of the outcome.
Bruce explained: “I can confirm to you now we will be talking to them next week, whichever division we are in. They deserve it.”
Hutton is desperate to stay at Villa Park and hopes the club can keep the current crop of players together as they aim for promotion at the third time of asking.
Hutton posted on Instagram: “Still struggling to come to terms with the game on Saturday, really disappointed we couldn't get over the line for everyone involved with the club.
“A massive thank you to the fans for the amazing support, it's been incredible all season long.
“I just (pray) we can keep this amazing group of lads together as I know we can get back to the Premier League.”
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Lee and Whitney 'dirty dance' for Children in Need
Watch the the Chancellor announce the Budget 2017
Young boy took Cannabis which led to their miraculo
Scientists uncover the mystery of why shoelaces c
How Theresa May called for a snap election
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Speculation is rife on social media with Theresa May set to make a statement in Downing Street this morning.
The subject of their announcement is not yet known, but Downing Street statements are usually reserved for major issues.
Number 10 officials are remaining tight-lipped about the announcement.
There has been speculation that they could be set to announce an early general election.
But Downing Street has always denied they will call a vote before the next scheduled poll in 2020.
So, could Theresa May actually call one?
The Prime Minister may be constrained by the Fixed Term Parliament Act, which sets the date of the next general election in 2020.
Before the FTPA, the PM could simply “call an election” with no parliamentary vote needed.
But under the 2010 coalition government, this power was given to the House of Commons.
These days, there are two ways under the FTPA that an election can be called ahead of schedule.
Firstly, if two thirds of MPs vote to hold an election (which is such a high bar it would theoretically hold both Labour and Conservative support).
The other is if the government was to vote "no confidence" in itself.
In this case, other parties are given 14 days to form another government but, if none can be formed, a new election would be held.
Of course, the government could repeal the FTPA - though this may raise questions, experts say.
And it seems unlikely a government would be willing to vote no confidence, seeing as though the move could easily backfire.
Professor Robert Hazell of University College London's Constitution Unit told the Independent: “This does have the potential to go embarrassingly wrong.
“It would risk looking ridiculous.
"It would need to be very confident that all its MPs would vote for the motion and would formally say they have no confidence in Them Majesty's government.
“Her press people would have to go into overdrive in explaining to the public what this was intended to achieve and why they didn't really mean what they said.
“The whips would need to be very confident that they could get a majority – remember that the majority is only 12 so it only takes half a dozen mavericks to rebel and the government's doesn't have a majority.”
The High Court has approved an arrangement between INM and Office of the Director of Corporate Enforcement (ODCE) for access to sworn documents , exhibits and other material to be used for an application by the State's corporate watchdog for appointment of inspectors to INM.
INM opposes any such appointment and is seeking judicial review, to be heard on May 9th, of the decision to seek inspectors.
The president of the High Court, Mr Justice Peter Kelly, today approved the arrangement but reserved the position concerning use of discovered documents.
The judge also made directions aimed at speedily progressing the ODCE application, which will proceed only if INM loses its judicial review. The ODCE will be listed for mention 48 hours after the judicial review decision is given.
Agreement
That ODCE/INM arrangement concerning access to documents provides affidavits and other material will be edited in the context of a previous agreement between them concerning treatment of legally privileged material.
Both sides have reserved their position concerning how the privilege agreement should be interpreted and the ODCE disputes claims by INM they breached that agreement by including certain content in their sworn affidavit.
In their ruling on Tuesday, Mr Justice Kelly said, what is “most unusual” about the ODCE application is that, before it came before the court last week, there was “extraordinary publicity” about the ODCE;s affidavit and, as a result, a lot of people were concerned to be fully apprised of the materials before the court.
They said there was discussion about their legal entitlement to that material but the issue did not have to be decided because the ODCE was not objecting to those persons having access, subject to the privilege issue.
At Tuesday 's hearing, former INM company secretary Andrew Donagher also sought access as did the Irish Times. The latter application fell into a different category and would be addressed on Tuesday afternoon, the judge said.
The judge said the access matter was further complicated because INM had now filed 12 replying affidavits.
They said INM had alleged last week that legally privileged material, provided by INM to the ODCE on foot of what is known as a “Fyffes” agreement concerning its treatment, had been included in the ODCE affidavit. Because of that, they had said they would make no orders concerning access until today's hearing.
However, since last week, the ODCE and INM had reached an agreement as to how to deal with the material at issue, they noted.
Access
They made directions for access in line with that agreement, including access by parties concerned about the data interrogation to those portions of the ODCE affidavit dealing with data interrogation issues. All those parties could also apply if they believe they are entitled to additional material.
Journalist Sam Smyth and former INM company secretary Andrew Donagher, who are among 19 persons concerned their personal data may have been accessed by third parties when INM data was taken off site for “interrogation” in October 2014, are among those entitled to access in line with the INM/ODCE agreement.
Solicitor Simon McAleese, who is representing Mr Smyth, said they had learned from media reports they themselves may feature in documents and also wanted access to them on their own behalf. They have been given access on the same terms.
Former INM chairperson Leslie Buckley argued, through their counsel Sean Guerin SC, they are directly affected by the ODCE application and was entitled to be served with all documents . Mr Guerin said the precise position of their client did not appear to have been raised by the ODCE with the court at a previous hearing despite Mr Buckley's understanding it would be.
Neil Steen SC, for the ODCE, said their side had fairly presented Mr Buckley's request for documents and had not understood at that stage Mr Buckley was asserting an entitlement to service of all material. Mr Buckley has the ODCE's affidavit, will get most of the exhibits and replying affidavits, the criticism of the ODCE were entirely unfounded, they said.
Documents
The only entity directly affected by the application for inspectors is INM itself and the ODCE would object to the papers being served on Mr Buckley.
The ODCE was not objecting to Mr Buckley being provided with access to the papers but would object to any application to join them to the case. Mr Justice Kelly said Mr Buckley had liberty to bring any such motion but, in the interim, they would be treated in a similar manner to other parties seeking access in that they would be provided with the edited material.
Others seeking access to documents included former INM CEO Gavin O'Reilly and Karl Brophy, also formerly of INM, their company, Red Flag Consulting and Mandy Scott, who had worked as a personal assistant to both men.
The Data Protection Commissioner, on the agreement of both the ODCE and INM, is to receive all material related to an alleged data breach at INM in October 2014 and, along with many of the applicants for access to documents, reserved their position concerning access to other material.
Former INM CEO Robert Pitt and INM chief financial officer Ryan Preston will also get access to the documents.
Battlefield Management System (BMS) is a system used to integrate information acquisition and processing to enhance command & control of a military unit. BMS offers users or commanders with a comprehensive battlefield view with respect to target analysis, automated recommendations, and awareness of the situation for the target objects, by providing accurate real-time information. The battlefield management system market is growing at a decent pace due to certain influential factors such as the need for enhanced situational awareness, rise in the use of battlefield management systems for special operations and high implementation cost of battlefield management systems. The enhanced focus on military modernization is anticipated to render lucrative opportunities to the market players. In order to sustain in the market players are adopting growth strategies such as contracts, new product launch and joint ventures.
Battlefield Management System Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on component, system, platform, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the battlefield management system market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the battlefield management system industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/battlefield-management-system-market/request-sample
Battlefield Management System Market Segmentation
By Component
IFF
• Display Devices
• Imaging Devices
• Tracking Devices
• Computer Software
• Night Vision Devices
• Computer Hardware Devices
• Wired Communication Devices
• Wireless Communication Devices
By System
Computing System
• Navigation & Imaging System
• Communication & Networking System
By Platform
Vehicle
• Soldier
Battlefield Management System Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the battlefield management system market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on battlefield management system market covering specific country/region only.
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/battlefield-management-system-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
HOUSTON (AP) — A Houston 18-year-old has been arrested and charged with illegally distributing explosive-making information and attempting to support the Islamic State organization.
The U.S. Justice Department said Monday that Kaan Sercan Damlarkaya, a U.S. citizen, was arrested on Dec. 8 following an undercover FBI operation. A statement says Damlarkaya said they intended to travel overseas and fight for IS and said they tried to get to Syria twice. They told agents that they would commit a U.S. attack if efforts to travel overseas failed.
It also says Damlarkaya provided to alleged IS supporters a formula for explosive Triacetone Triperoxide and instructions how to use it in a pressure cooker device containing shrapnel.
If convicted, they face a possible 20-year maximum prison term. The U.S. has designated IS as a terrorist organization.
The city of Goleta has been in preliminary talks with representatives of Target, with the national discount retailer looking to possibly open a store in the city.
While no development application has been submitted, Target filed for a planner consultation last month, a precursor to filing an application for development.
In March, Target representatives approached the city with a proposal to develop a store in the area of Hollister Avenue near the Santa Barbara Airport, possibly on the northeast corner of Los Carneros Way and Hollister, formerly the site of a Chevron gas station and a FedEx distribution building. The site currently houses the Goleta Valley Athletic Club and a landscape design firm, both of which are also on the market.
“Staff has since met with Target representatives numerous times to better understand their ‘concept' site plan and advise them of due process considerations and land use/enviro/design and policy challenges,” City Manager Dan Singer said in an email to Noozhawk.
Target has an exploratory option to purchase the properties, and, according to city staff, would “have to make a substantial investment in late October to continue that option through the course of an estimated 24-month-long public planning process.”
The Target store proposal may come before the City Council this fall for the initiation of a General Plan amendment and a potential development agreement, pending the outcome of the planner consultation.
“Target is engaged in due diligence, which includes contact with planning staff on policies, standards and practices contained in the General Plan, zoning code and other city ordinances,” Planning and Environmental Services director Steve Chase said. “That is what a planner consultation is all about — clarifying the rules of the road and estimating time and costs involved in a public planning process. Staff understands that Target is shooting for the Thanksgiving time frame to complete their due diligence.
“All I can tell you is that we are very interested in a store in the Santa Barbara area — we have been for some time and are actively pursuing the opportunity,” said Target spokesperson Eddie Babe, who declined to provide specifics on any particular sites.
— Noozhawk contributing writer Sonia Fernandez can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
New Zealand shares edged up in light trading as the lead-up to the end of the June financial year has investors waiting on earnings updates. Genesis Energy gained as the power company's thermal assets look set to insulate it from low hydro-lake levels, while Heartland Bank followed the Australian banks lower.
The S&P/NZX 50 Index increased 32.36 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 7516.35. Within the index, 27 stocks gained, 14 fell and nine were unchanged. Turnover was $121.2 million in a day when 11 stocks reported more than 1 million shares changing hands.
Genesis Energy rose 1.3 per cent to $2.345, near a record-high $2.38 it set earlier this month. The electricity generator-retailer is expected to benefit from the low hydro-lake levels in the South Island, meaning its rivals may have to buy its thermal energy in the wholesale market to meet retail demand.
"There might be some underlying support, particularly because of the listed gen-tailers it has a lot more exposure to thermal," said James Smalley, a director at Hamilton Hindin Greene in Christchurch. "Playing in the back of investors' minds is that people are very positive about the recent gas acquisition it made."
Advertisement
Among other power companies, Meridian Energy gained 1.4 per cent to $2.95, Mercury NZ increased 0.3 per cent to $3.27 and Contact Energy advanced 0.6 per cent to $5.14.
Tegel Holdings led the market higher, rising 2.7 per cent to $1.13. The poultry company reported an unusually large volume of shares changing hands earlier this week. Spark New Zealand was up 1.9 per cent to $3.79, while Z Energy gained 1.5 per cent to $7.70 after wrapping up its annual meeting.
Air New Zealand slipped 0.3 per cent to $3.185, ending a 22 per cent gain since former Prime Minister John Key was named as a director-elect. Some 3.5 million shares changed hands, marking the biggest volume on the benchmark. Fletcher Building was unchanged at $7.69 after Government figures showed a slowdown in construction activity weighed on economic growth in the first three months of the year. Mainfreight was also unchanged at $22.95 with GDP data showing transport activity shrank in the March quarter.
Dual-listed bank Westpac Banking Corp posted the biggest fall on the day, down 1.4 per cent to $32.22 and ANZ Banking Group fell 0.9 per cent to $29.60.
Locally-listed lender Heartland dropped 1.1 per cent to $1.76.
Fisher & Paykel Healthcare was another stock that's been near record highs and fell 0.7 per cent to $11.09. Smalley said the breathing apparatus maker had managed to navigate investor fears about the impact US President Donald Trump may have had on the company's Mexican manufacturing, and also the persistent strength in the New Zealand dollar.
F&P Healthcare derives more than half its revenue in US dollars.
A landlord who was renting 24 apartments at a private student accommodation block to Brazilian students in Dublin has not returned deposits to nearly 40 tenants after they lost the contract for running the complex three months ago.
Spencer Accommodation, a small firm run by Basilio Carvalho (28), was renting 24 apartments to English language school students at Hazelwood Student Village, in Santry, north Dublin.
In February, their subletting agreement with Hazelwood Village was terminated. Correspondence sent to tenants from the accommodation's management firm Impactive, stated: “Spencer's contract stipulated that they must pay a monthly rent per apartments to Hazelwood. They defaulted on their payments.”
After this, the firm said “we were forced to serve them with a notice to quit”.
Tenants were told in the email that Spencer Accommodation had refused to transfer students' booking deposits to Impactive. In most cases tenants then signed licence to reside contracts directly with Impactive to last until May or later in the summer.
In late March, Mr Carvalho promised to return deposits to all former tenants, if given 28 days notice, according to emails to tenants seen by The Irish Times.
However, two months later 39 tenants are still waiting to be repaid their deposits, Mr Carvalho acknowledged.
Activists
On Monday a group of tenants along with housing activists from Dublin Central Housing Action confronted Mr Carvalho in their office on Eustace St, Temple Bar, and refused to leave for several hours. On Tuesday, the activists and several other tenants protested outside their office building, demanding their deposits be returned.
Samantha Rodrigues Siqueira (24) moved into an apartment in Hazelwood last December, before the contract with Spencer Accommodation was terminated.
“We request our deposit in March, now it's almost June and we just got it today,” they said. Ms Rodrigues Siqueira, who is from Brazil and studying English in Dublin, said they had tried to contact Mr Carvalho several times. “He always says maybe tomorrow, and that's why people are so angry at him. It was difficult for everybody,” they said.
Ms Rodrigues Siqueira and their boyfriend Mauricio Alves Lucas (22) both had their €400 deposits returned on Tuesday, after they confronted Mr Carvalho at their office.
Problems
Sebastián Gutiérrez Ávalos was another Brazilian student renting one of the apartments, who returned home in March. They had “a lot of problems” getting their deposit back from Mr Carvalho, they told The Irish Times.
“I left Dublin (on) 25th March, and Basilio said to me that the same day I will receive my deposit, but it was false,” they said. Only after persistently contacting Mr Carvalho the money was given in cash to a friend in Dublin on May 3rd, they said.
Speaking to The Irish Times, Mr Carvalho said there were 39 tenants to whom they still had to return deposits. “Everyone who left got the deposit back, I am completely confident,” they said. Mr Carvalho, who moved to Dublin from Brazil nine years ago, said they would return the deposits to all tenants.
In a statement, Hazelwood Student Village said they had “no direct relationship with any students taking up occupation in units under the management of Spencer,” as the firm had been renting apartments and then subletting them.
“Despite repeated requests to Spencer, deposits paid by affected students have not been paid across to Hazelwood,” but the firm had been “willing” to try to help students recover their deposits, the statement said.
“Hazelwood is also due significant rents for the period November 2017 to February 2018, and has taken its own steps to recover this,” it added.
Advances in apps and other features are changing the way companies do business
The next giant frontier for mobile technology will be like a scene out of The Matrix, according to Santa Barbara entrepreneur Jacques Habra.
“There's an argument being stated that, ‘Why would you necessarily read that science book if that book could, via RFID or Bluetooth, interface with my synapses?'” said Habra, founder of Noospheric and FirstClickSEO. “If it was, I could access that information a la the Matrix anytime I want. That notion may seem insanely futuristic, but it's not that unbelievable.”
Habra discussed the evolution of mobile technology and how it can be applied to marketing strategies at the second Santa Barbara Mobile Meetup on Thursday night at ZOS Communications, 121 Gray Ave., Suite 101.
They explained the different kinds of apps — reactive, proactive and thinking. Reactive apps such as Safari respond to user input, proactive apps such as Pandora use user input to generate tools and suggestions, and thinking apps are ones that anticipate a person's wants and needs based on integration with multiple apps and data sources.
“That app is not only measuring a person's heart rate or EKG, but it's transmitting data to your physician and comparing data of people similar to you,” Habra said. “So it's proactively telling you how you are doing, whether you're training for a marathon or recovering from a heart attack.”
Gideon Rubin, chief operating officer of Lenco Mobile USA Inc., discussed interesting statistics regarding the mobile market. For instance, the average email gets returned in 90 minutes and the average text message is returned in 90 seconds.
“People used to think email as personalized communication; now that's mobile because 91 percent of people have their phone on them 24/7,” Rubin said. “The next important marketing tool will be multimedia messaging. That is what has been the differentiator for us.”
There are 6.8 billion people in the world, and 5.1 billion own a mobile device. Rubin said that although it may be easier to reach people than before, quality content is still paramount.
“Mobile has finally arrived as a potential for every business. It's not something that's out there or esoteric. Even if you have a tiny budget you can do a mobile campaign for $20 a month,” they said. “But traditional marketing still applies. You still have to have a great product and a great message to engage customers. Mobile is just the way to do it.”
Jonathan DeLong, executive vice president of product marketing for ZOS Communications, gave a demo of the company's mobile location services technology.
“People still think of a smartphone as an entertainment and productivity tool, but people will start to realize that it will literally be like carrying around an accessible expert of all topics,” Habra said.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
BALI, Indonesia (AP) — An American citizen detained for a drug offense escaped Monday from an overcrowded and under-staffed prison on the Indonesian resort island of Bali.
Head of Kerobokan prison Tonny Nainggolan said Christian Beasley, 32, was believed to have escaped at around 4 a.m. by sawing through a ceiling and then jumping over a 6-meter (20-foot) high wall behind the prison.
Beasley was arrested in August at a post office in the Kuta tourist area of Bali with a package containing 5.7 grams of hashish.
Nainggolan said another American inmate, Paul Anthony Hoffam, 57, who was serving a 20-month jail since July for robbery, was captured while trying to escape.
Advertisement
An investigation was underway to find out possible involvement of prison guards in the incident, said Surung Pasaribu of the local Law and Human Rights Ministry. They also said there is a shortage of guards for the prison, which was built to accommodate about 300 people but has nearly 1,600 inmates.
It was the second escape from the prison in Bali's capital, Denpasar, since June when four foreign inmates from Australia, Bulgaria, India and Malaysia escaped through a drainage tunnel.
Two of them, Bulgarian Dimitar Nikolov Iliev and Indian Sayed Mohammed Said were recaptured in East Timor days later and were returned to Bali. Two others, Shaun Edward Davidson of Australia and Malaysian Tee Koko King bin Tee Kim Sai are still at large.
Jailbreaks are common in Indonesia, where prisons are overcrowded by people convicted of drug crimes as part of the government's anti-drugs crusade.
In May, more than 440 prisoners escaped from an overcrowded prison on Sumatra island when they were let out perform Friday Muslim prayers. In July 2013, about 240 prisoners, including several convicted terrorists, escaped during a deadly riot at a prison in another part of Sumatra.
10. Colorado School Of Mines
9. Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art
8. Princeton University
7. Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology
6. SUNY Maritime College
5. Carnegie Mellon University
4. Stanford University
3. Massachusetts Institute Of Technology
2. Harvey Mudd College
1. California Institute Of Technology
There are many factors to consider when choosing a college, but when you're spending a good sum of money on tuition, you want to make sure you're getting your money's worth as far as returns. No one wants to end up graduated, buried in student loans and struggling to find even a low-paying job. For this reason, it's important to look for a college that's not only going to expand your mind, but that is going to increase your likelihood of making some good money later on. It can be hard to figure out how each school ranks on its own but, luckily, you don't have to. MONEY created their own list of the best colleges for your money, and one category they looked at was early career earnings. We list this information below, alongside information on tuition costs, both without aid and with the average grant. While earnings potential may not be the only factor you consider when choosing a school, it sure can help guide your decision.Early Career Earnings: $65,700 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $33,600 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $26,200Early Career Earnings: $66,600 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $66,200 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $29,000Early Career Earnings: $67,600 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $65,300 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $43,400Early Career Earnings: $68,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $64,200 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $43,400Early Career Earnings: $68,200 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $25,700 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $18,200Early Career Earnings: $70,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $70,800 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $36,300Early Career Earnings: $70,300 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $68,100 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $20,800Early Career Earnings: $77,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $67,800 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $23,400Early Career Earnings: $78,300 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $75,000 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $37,300Early Career Earnings: $79,800 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $67,000 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $25,100 To calculate these results, MONEY used information from the U.S. Department of Education, Peterson's, PayScale.com and MONEY/College Measures calculations. You can read more about the methodology used by Money here
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Lionel Messi has suggested they won't get another chance if Argentina fail to win the World Cup in Russia this summer.
The Barcelona forward lost in three straight finals — two Copa Americas and the 2014 World Cup — in a three-year span and has not won a trophy with the senior team.
Messi's hat trick at Ecuador in the Albiceleste's 3-1 win in their final qualifier in October earned their country a spot in this summer's World Cup and again underlined the player's importance to their national side.
“It's just the feeling that this group of players has. It seems that having reached three straight finals didn't mean anything. Obviously, we depend on results and unfortunately, we reached three finals and we didn't win them.
“A lot was said about us. The criticisms hurt back then. But the demand is going to be there for this group to get it done. We think that if we don't do it, we are going to get a lot more [criticism] and we are not going to have another possibility.”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
"Ask Brianna" is a column from NerdWallet for 20-somethings or anyone else starting out. I'm here to help you manage your money, find a job and pay off student loans — all the real-world stuff no one taught us how to do in college. Send your questions about postgrad life to askbrianna@nerdwallet.com.
Ask 10 people for their definition of "adulthood" and you'll get 10 different answers. Maybe it's getting that first full-time job, buying a house or doing taxes without help — concrete moments that signal maturity and independence.
But financial adulthood, or managing money responsibly, isn't tied to an age or a milestone like starting your first "real job." I knew I was a financial adult when I paid for a plane ticket with money I had saved in a "Fun Stuff" account. I've never been more excited to Venmo someone (my sister, who booked our tickets) directly from my bank rather than rely on my credit card.
You're a financial adult when you save regularly, spend mindfully, face reality and know when to ask for help. If you're graduating from college this spring, build these habits now.
Advertisement
SAVE PROACTIVELY
Saving even a little bit every month is the single most adult financial move you can make.
Money is a way to get what you want: security and freedom. When you save a portion of the income left over after covering your fixed expenses, you're preparing proactively for the future.
If the idea of sending this money to an "emergency fund" makes you completely tune out, just think of it as cash that's there when you need it. You'll be covered if you lose a job, but you'll also have options if you decide to make a lifestyle change, like moving to a new place.
SPEND THOUGHTFULLY
Getting a full-time job with a $50,000 salary after being a college student who ate pizza four times a week can be a shock. But hit the pause button before you make a big purchase, says Therese Nicklas, a certified financial planner in Rockland, Massachusetts. Make sure it will truly bring you joy, and that spending isn't a way to get your mind off something else or compete with friends.
Take a look at your take-home salary and follow the 50/30/20 rule. That's half your pay for necessities like shelter, 20 percent for saving and debt payoff, and 30 percent for your wants. The adult part? Giving up your wants if your necessities or debts demand it.
"You can have all the things you want, just not all at the same time," says Kailie Abascal, a certified financial planner in Vancouver, Washington.
NEVER FLINCH FROM REALITY
Financial adults don't cower at the sight of their bank account balance, even if it's smaller than they'd like. Frankly assessing your personal financial picture will make it easier to manage.
If you have student loans, figure out what you'll have to pay toward them after graduation. Use a student loan calculator to see your monthly payment, and budget around that. Create an online account with your student loan servicer and look up your interest rates. Know that if you put your payments on hold — to go to grad school, or if you're unemployed — interest will accrue and your balance will grow, unless you have subsidized federal loans.
If you save for retirement in an employer-sponsored account, find out the vesting schedule, or the amount of time you must work there before any money your employer contributes becomes yours, Abascal says. You'll have a clearer understanding of how much you've really saved if you end up leaving after a year or two.
KNOW WHEN TO ASK FOR HELP
No one expects you to figure everything out right now. Your income, expenses and goals will change many times in your life.
But you should feel empowered to get advice, from the right sources, when you need it. Even your parents may not be the best resource if, for instance, you earn more than they do and they haven't had experience handling the salary you're getting, Nicklas says.
Have the courage to talk to human resources at work if you don't understand your 401(k) investment options. Consider asking a certified financial planner for a free 30-minute consultation so you can set personalized saving and spending goals. There are few things more adult than admitting what you don't know without judging yourself for it.
___________________________
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet. Brianna McGurran is a writer at NerdWallet. Email: bmcgurran@nerdwallet.com. Twitter: @briannamcscribe.
RELATED LINKS
Nerdwallet: Student loan calculator
https://nerd.me/calculate-student-loans
Mayor Dan Rivera of Lawrence, Massachusetts, is speaking out against Donald Trump after the president blamed their city for the opioid problem in New Hampshire.
President Donald Trump singled out the city of Lawrence, Massachusetts, as a significant source of the drugs pouring into New Hampshire during a speech on their new opioid plan Monday.
Speaking at Manchester Community College, Trump said Lawrence is "one of the primary sources of fentanyl in six New Hampshire counties," according to a Dartmouth College study. They tied this to the fact that Lawrence is a so-called sanctuary city, and also cited the recent arrest of 15 MS-13 gang members in Boston.
"Every day, sanctuary cities release illegal immigrants, drug dealers, traffickers, gang members, into our cities," Trump said. "They're protected by these cities, and you say, 'What are they doing?' They're safe havens for just some terrible people, and they're making it very dangerous for our law enforcement officers.
"You see it all the time," they continued. "As the people of New Hampshire have learned firsthand, ending sanctuary cities is crucial to stopping the drug addiction crisis."
Trump Unveils Opioid Plan in NH
The president was in New Hampshire Monday to speak about the opioid crisis. (Published Monday, March 19, 2018)
Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera fired back at Trump later Monday afternoon.
"I've got a lot of emotions running through me right now, because it's not very often that the president takes your city's name in vain. So I'd like to start by saying shame on the president'" Rivera said. "He's trafficking in pain and divisiveness, creating boogiemen where we need solutions."
Furthermore, Rivera argued, Trump's proposed solution is one that has failed in the past.
"I'm a Reagan baby, I'm a kid from the 80s. I remember the crack epidemic. I remember the 'Just Say No' to drugs campaigns. I remember the increased prison time for dealers and users," they recalled. "But you know what beat the crack epidemic and the cocaine epidemic? It was police practicing community policing, jobs for inner-city kids, and treatment, treatment, treatment. Serious, long-term, expensive treatment."
U.S. Rep. Bill Keating, a Democrat from Massachusetts and a member of the bipartisan Heroin Task Force, agreed that the epidemic should not be combated as a crime.
"Over a decade and a half ago, as Norfolk County district attorney, I started an opioid task force, and what I learned from my experience is that the president has it all wrong," Keating said in a statement. "Back then, I was tasked with the responsibility of approaching it from a criminal side, but I learned this is much more a public health issue. That is why the Centers for Disease Control advocates for an approach of combining medically assisted and behavioral health treatment as the best course."
"Massachusetts has been a leader in treatment and prevention natinwide," Keating added. "While interdiction and law enforcement have a place, the narrow approach that dominated the president's remarks today simply won't work. President Trump is taking us backwards."
Rivera pointed to Trump's earlier criticisms of the Granite State and accused them of politicizing a deadly crisis.
"Talking out of both sides of their mouth today, they went to New Hampshire, smiling in New Hampshire's face, after calling them a 'drug-infested den.' This is not a political problem, this is not a crime problem, this is not an immigration problem. This is a human problem," Rivera said. "This is an American problem, with more than 175 Americans dying every day. And the president continues to treat every problem that faces our country like a campaign rally, and it's not."
New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu, who Trump praised in their speech Monday, offered similar criticism of Lawrence a year ago, accusing the city of fueling the Granite State's drug crisis.
Sununu labeled Lawrence as the prime source of fentanyl coming into their state and warned that they were about to "get tough" on dealers across the state border.
Rivera hit back at the time, accusing Sununu of "threatening the sovereignty" of Massachusetts and failing to build enough treatment beds in New Hampshire.
"The opioid crisis is so large that no community is without a problem, and to make it about Lawrence is the trap," Rivera said.
Sununu and Rivera later spoke on the phone, after which Sununu said Lawrence has been "doing a good job" on the opioid issue.
Sununu wasn't the first New England governor to accuse Lawrence, a city of many immigrants, of fueling the region's drug crisis. Maine Gov. Paul LePage said black and Hispanic drug dealers from Lawrence and Lowell were trafficking drugs into their state.
Trump was in New Hampshire on Monday to unveil their plan to combat the country's opioid crisis. Their plan calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under the current law.
Trump's three-part plan includes multiple steps to raise awareness, cut the illicit drug flow and expand proven treatment options.
If you're like literally every other phone owner on the planet, you probably need to delete some things off your phone for space. But what are you going to do with all those pictures of the kids, your going out selfies, and pictures of your pets? Don't just delete them - decor with them! Kristina Guerrero is showing you how to turn your pics into works of art with 3 different online apps that do all the hard stuff for you.
1. Keepsake
Everyone loves the look of beautifully framed pictures up on a wall. But no one likes running to get pictures printed at Costco and then still go frame shopping. Luckily, there's the Keepsake app.
It lets you upload photos straight from your phone, then choose what kind of frame you want the photo in and what you want the frame to look like. Once you make your choices, Keepsake sends your preprinted, pre-framed photos, right to your door - you get great looking decor pieces, without any of the gas mileage!
2. Mixtiles
If you love the look of photos on canvases but don't want to pay outrageous prices for a few prints, try Mixtiles. The company makes photo board prints out of your phone's pictures and even gives you the no-damage adhesives you need to put them up. Mixtiles also won't damage your wallet - get a set of 3 prints for $49 and any additional tile is just $9.
3. Chatbooks
There is something nostalgic about having a photo album, but making them can be more frustrating than fun. Now, you can reap all the photobook benefits, without all the work, with Chatbooks. The app lets you upload photos from your phone, pick the style of book you'd like, add captions; it even automatically formats the pictures to fit your book. No math required!
Put together your own Chatbook for just $8 per book - or get a subscription and create a whole volume of potentially child-embarrassing memories.
Do you like to print out your photos or do you prefer to keep them on your phone? Tell us on our Facebook page, @TheListShowTV.
The broadcasting regulator should place a levy on television channels that sell advertising in the Irish market and then use the sums raised to fund Irish content, a report by consultants Mediatique has recommended.
The report commissioned by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI) said a content funding levy on so-called opt-out channels was “desirable”, as long as the revenue was redirected by the BAI into the production of domestic content.
Dozens of mostly UK-based channels operate advertising “opt-outs” in this market, taking a substantial chunk of ad revenues, which Minister for Communications Denis Naughten has previously said poses a “serious impact” on the viability of Irish broadcasting.
Sky either owns or sells advertising on behalf of the majority of these channels, with the other main player being Channel 4.
However, Mediatique said a new content funding levy would have to be applied to all Irish channels, including RTÉ, TV3 and TG4, “to be acceptable on competition and fairness grounds”. Those broadcasters could then apply to the BAI to use the funds generated by the levy to make programmes.
The London-based consultants highlight “peculiarly acute” challenges in the Irish advertising market, suggesting that ad revenues for both radio and television will be “flat at best” over the next five years.
Broadcasting levy
The consultants also say that broadcasters that relocate to Ireland from the UK after Brexit should be charged an existing levy that is used to fund the costs of its BAI's operation.
Channels that are licensed under Section 71 of the Broadcasting Act are currently not liable to pay this broadcasting levy, which has created a perception of unfairness in the market in the past. But a proposed amendment to the legislation may change this ahead of Brexit and allow for a potential new revenue stream for the Irish sector.
The UK's exit from the European Union is expected to trigger a move by several international broadcasting groups from London, as the UK is the current home of more than 900 channel services that distribute to other EU countries, excluding the UK, using a licence from British regulator Ofcom.
Mediatique's report on the Irish broadcasting market has been published alongside the launch of a new public consultation by the BAI on the future development of the sector. The regulator has said it is “open to exploring” the addition of new “niche” radio services.
It has also signalled plans to commission an independent expert review of the potential for digital radio in Ireland. It said it had not explored the development of digital radio platforms “in any great depth” because of the recession and ongoing pressure on advertising revenues.
Submissions of interest
The BAI received 10 submissions of interest last year for the provision of new radio services, with a further three submissions from radio groups seeking an expansion of their franchise area.
A further five submissions “urged caution” on the part of the BAI to licensing new radio services in light of the current difficulties in the marketplace and also sought the abolition of the broadcasting levy.
Denis O'Brien's Communicorp group – which owns national stations Today FM and Newstalk as well as 98FM, Spin 1038 and Spin South West – criticised the BAI last year for appearing keen on the idea of new services at a time when the radio sector was, it said, facing “unprecedented pressure on its commercial revenues”.
Rape is rarely a violent crime and should be punishable by 200 hours of community service, Australian writer Germaine Greer has suggested, as they poured scorn on the idea that victims are left with post traumatic stress disorder.
The feminist said the system must be overhauled because few cases that hinge on consent end in a conviction.
They joked that the most suitable punishment would be for rapists to have an "R" tattooed on their hand or cheek.
Greer was the victim of a rape when they were in their late teens — a violent attack in which they were repeatedly beaten.
Advertisement
But they told an audience at the Hay Festival in Britain: "Most rapes don't involve any injury whatsoever. We are told it's one of the most violent crimes in the world — bull****. Most rape is just lazy, just careless, just insensitive.
"Every time a man rolls over on their exhausted wife and insists on enjoying their conjugal right, they are raping them It will never end up in a court of law."
They went on: "Instead of thinking of rape as a spectacularly violent crime — and some rapes are — think about it as non-consensual, that is, bad sex.
"Sex where there is no communication, no tenderness, no mention of love. We used to talk about lovemaking."
Greer claimed "the official position now is that 70 per cent of rape victims suffer PTSD and only 20 per cent of veterans".
They added: "At this point you think, what the hell are you saying? That something that leaves no sign, no injury, nothing, is more damaging to women than seeing your best friend blown up by an IED is to a veteran?"
They argued that we should stop "pathologising" rape and saying that it destroys women's lives.
"We haven't been destroyed, we've been bloody annoyed, is what we've been. I reckon 200 hours of community service will do — would do me. I suggested a long time ago that maybe a little tattoo would be a good thing. Maybe an 'R' on your hand. I'd prefer it on your cheek."
It's been quite clear to me for some time now that Germaine Greer doesn't actually like women. And that would include herself. — ruby (@moximoll) May 30, 2018
Can Morrissey and Germaine Greer just go and live in a house together, with no wifi, or windows, or doors? — Sarah Ross (@oddlyentangled) May 30, 2018
"I was raped... but it didn't kill me."
Germaine Greer talks about their experience of sexual violence in the latest Ways to Change the World podcast. pic.twitter.com/UTjxvmq73L — Channel 4 News (@Channel4News) May 25, 2018
It's increasingly looking like feminism is just something Germaine Greer tried at a party. This is twisted: "Instead of thinking of rape as a spectacularly violent crime, and some rapes are, think about it as non consensual … that is bad sex."
https://t.co/r6QGClgWIs — Will Black (@WillBlackWriter) May 30, 2018
I call for Germaine Greer to stop calling themselves a feminist. Because they very clearly isn't. And the hailing of them as one needs to stop. It should have stopped a long time ago, really, but now is certainly a good time to really do it. https://t.co/VZPOh2IiYP — Prof Tanja Bueltmann (@cliodiaspora) May 30, 2018
It was "mad" that rape sentences could be heavier than those for attempted murder, they said, adding that "rape isn't carried out by a specific group of criminals — a lot of it happens almost by accident".
But they explained: "In case you're wondering whether with my apparently flippant attitude I actually have any understanding of the gravity of the crime of rape, I was violently raped days before my 19th birthday. I was beaten half-unconscious.
"I was found wandering in the street very confused and rescued, thank God, because the people in the car were a man and a woman. If there had been four men in that car I don't think you would have heard of me again."
The issue of consent should be removed from prosecutions, Greer said, and some cases could be treated as grievous bodily harm — a crime that carries a lighter sentence and would therefore not prove so off-putting to juries.
"Where it's their word against theirs and the penalty is seven years or something, juries won't convict," they said.
The #MeToo movement would have little effect, Greer suggested, and they believed Harvey Weinstein's accusers would be picked apart in court.
"Everybody thinks that the #MeToo generation is going to make such a big difference. It will be extraordinary if it makes any difference at all. Because they are still going to have to argue the issue of consent," they said.
Fergie v Wenger: The Feud
Documentary. The rivalry between Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger remains famous for being one of the fiercest in the history of British football. It was the feud that gripped a nation, between two titans of the sport who defined the Premier League era. Including revealing interviews from former players Paul Scholes, Philip Neville, Sol Campbell, Martin Keown and Andrew Cole, as well as Steve McClaren, John Motson, and Graham Poll.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Global Voice over Wireless LAN Market: Overview
The global voice over wireless LAN (VoWLAN) market is forecast to grow at a robust pace between 2016 and 2024. The rising demand for technologies supporting enterprise mobility, responsiveness, and improved productivity within organizations will aid the market's expansion worldwide. The multi-billion dollar industry is therefore expected to continue exhibiting robust CAGR through the course of the report's forecast period.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/voice-over-wireless-lan-market.html
The report is compiled to provide a comprehensive overview of the global voice over wireless LAN market. It covers various segments such as application, end user, solution, geography and presents insights into the growth drivers, challenges, and opportunities pertaining to the overall market. The Porter's five forces analysis is included in the report, coupled with the evaluation of its forces and their impact on the overall market.
Information thus included in the market study is sourced via proven research methodologies and from trusted industrial sources. It is then presented in a coherent chapter-wise format, interspersed with relevant statistics, graphs, and infographs. The report is compiled to help stakeholders understand the prevailing market dynamics better and gain a better perspective about the future scope. The report also includes detailed profiles of some of the leading market players and conducts SWOT analysis on them.
Global Voice over Wireless LAN Market: Trends and Opportunities
Growth witnessed in the global voice over wireless LAN market is attributed to the rising demand affordable Wi-Fi solutions, which provide greater indoor coverage. The market is also expected to gain from the advent of 5G technology, due to voice integration of the technology.
Among various end users, the demand witnessed across public and government offices will be major revenue contributor to the market. The segment is also expected to report comparatively higher growth in the market over the forecast period. The demand for automating operations across public offices such as municipality department, service call centers, and ordinance enforcement will fuel the deployment of wireless networks aimed at improving the reach and availability of networks.
Besides this, the rising demand from sectors such as healthcare, retail, manufacturing and distribution, education, hospitality, IT and telecom, BFSI, and logistics and transportation will aid the market's expansion in the coming years.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19853
Global Voice over Wireless LAN Market: Regional Outlook
Among the various regional markets, opportunities witnessed in Asia Pacific will prove highly lucrative for VoWLAN vendors. Rising investment in expansion plans and infrastructural development across key Asian economies such as India and China will create an environment conducive to the growth of the global voice over wireless LAN markets in the region. Besides this, encouraged by favorable government initiatives, installation of VoWLAN systems is poised to surge in Asia Pacific. For instance, a leading network systems integrator in Japan called NETMARKS has partnered with the U.S.-based Colubris Networks to distribute wireless LAN networks across the country. This will create lucrative prospects for the VoWLAN market in Japan as the country exhibits a considerably high demand for smartphones, which is used for Wi-Fi calling as well. Moreover, the market is also expected to gain from the persistently high demand from the Americas.
Global Voice over Wireless LAN Market: Vendor Landscape
Aruba Networks, Cisco System Inc., Ruckus Wireless, Alcatel Enterprises, Zebra Technologies Corporation, Aerohive Network, Avaya, Huawei Technologies, and Dell Inc. are some of the leading companies operating in the global VoWLAN market.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Dive Brief:
Literacy assessments can be overly simplified, and several types of assessment must be properly utilized if educators want to the best capture a picture of students' proficiency and progress, according to a new brief from the International Literacy Association.
Currently, assessment in schools is primarily focused on summative assessments with little emphasis on cumulative tracking, in terms of high-stakes accountability testing.
The quality of both types of assessment depends on how they are done, and the ILA urges educators to employ them for the right purposes. An ongoing assessment by a teacher may not necessarily have the technical reliability of testing data, but it can lead to "productive consequences" for both teachers and students.
Dive Insight:
As the debate continues over whether summative assessment, which is valued by supporters of high-stakes testing, is a substantive barometer of students' progress, new trends in literacy education may complicate schools which use that approach alone.
Particularly in schools in which students are chronically behind, a focus on summative assessment to gauge proficiency, instead of cumulative assessment to gauge progress, weighs unfairly on teacher effectiveness. If a student entered into the fifth grade reading at a first grade level, and that student's teacher managed to bring them up to a third grade level by the end of the school year, significant progress was made in the course of the year — but that progress will be missed by those only looking for proficiency data. And with proposals increasing to tie teacher pay and promotion to proficiency, this could have a detrimental effect on schools' ability to retain effective educators.
Personalized learning is very popular, and shows especially promising results with English learners and students from low-income backgrounds. As technological and classroom innovations steer towards more individualization in students' education, administrators will be continuously challenged on how to address these new designs when there are still accountability mandates to meet.
It is hard to determine what the "new normal" for classroom learning will be, if there is to be such a thing. If a particular tech platform, accompanied by an adjusted manner of classroom instruction, takes shape, it may be easier for educators and school districts to formulate plans and approaches on how to build accountability into a personalized system of learning.
Autumn A. Arnett contributed to this piece.
Houston Astros starting pitcher Lance McCullers Jr. (43) throws to the Texas Rangers in the first inning of baseball game, Saturday, June 3, 2017, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
Things might get chippy Wednesday in the series finale between the Texas Rangers and Houston Astros.
The two in-state rivals have already gotten into a scrum this season but now they are taking some verbal shots at each other. And Wednesday Rangers manager Jeff Banister, apparently feeling pretty good after the Rangers took the first two games of the series at Minute Maid Park, said of the Astros on 105.3-FM The Fan, "All I know is they get to put Houston on their chest, we get to put Texas on ours."
Astros starter Lance McCullers caught wind of this on Twitter and took a shot of the Rangers' hometown of Arlington in response.
"It's because nobody knows what Arlington is," McCullers tweeted, adding the hashtag, "#Htownproud."
The number of homeless people in Ireland could reach 10,000 by the middle of next year if the current rate continues, the Simon Community has warned.
Spokeswoman for the homeless charity, Niamh Randall, said the homeless crisis “has been ongoing for two to three years. We've been warning that the crisis was waiting to happen.
“Everything is happening at a slow pace. Rapid build homes are taking 18 months, that's just not rapid,” they said.
The Government is under renewed pressure over homelessness and the housing crisis after figures published this month revealed 7,941 homeless people - 5,046 adults and 2,895 children - were in emergency accommodation in June, a 30 per cent increase on the same time last year.
On Monday morning the Minister for Housing Eoghan Murphy said that the Government has a real homeless crisis and is seeking measures to get a “proper handle on it”.
Speaking following the news that the new strategy on vacant homes is due to be announced by next month, Mr Murphy said, “We have a real crisis. We are working hard to find solutions. We are looking for new measures so we can get a proper handle on it. The figures are going the wrong way. . . We have to look at the evidence to see what we can do to solve this problem.”
Mr Murphy said the main issue is supply and that it is not enough to just build new homes, but that strategies were needed to make vacant properties available.
Ms Randall welcomed the acknowledgement by Mr Murphy that the homeless and housing situation is now a crisis.
They told RTÉ's Today with Sean O'Rourke show that the Minister's plans for vacant homes were long overdue but were not enough.
“Any plan needs to be ambitious, we can't wait any longer. We've been waiting too long, action has been too slow.”
Ms Randall said there is an affordable housing supply issue and that the Government needs to do more to ensure a greater supply of affordable housing as the private rental sector, with its insecurity of tenure, is not the solution.
Strategy
The vacant housing strategy is expected to contain a number of incentives to encourage people to develop vacant units, as well as measures that will penalise those who do not. The Attorney General has been asked to examine if new powers of compulsory purchase are needed to help tackle the housing crisis.Séamus Woulfe is understood to be examining issues around the level of compensation that would be paid in cases of a compulsory purchase order (CPO), as well as the length of time it would take to implement such an order.
A vacant homes levy is also under consideration, and is expected to be included in Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe's October budget.
It is estimated there are 180,000 vacant homes in Ireland.
Mr Murphy said it is important to look at new measures such as “above shop living” and noted there is a need to speed up the process by which property is changed from commercial use to residential.
They said that ideally homes belonging to elderly people availing of the Fair Deal Scheme should be leased out.
Speaking on RTÉ's Morning Ireland, the Minister defended the actions taken to date by their Government to tackle homelessness. “It would be worse if we hadn't done what we did.”
They acknowledged that the Repair and Lease scheme had not worked, but maintained that there had been some success with the Buy and Renew scheme.
Welcome from Housing Agency
The head of the Housing Agency welcomed the Government's plan to get vacant homes back into use.
The Government agency's chief executive John O'Connor said there are two parts to the vacant homes plan; the first is to identify where vacant homes are, and then to support the homeowner to get them back into use.
Speaking on RTÉ's Morning Ireland, Mr O'Connor called on members of the public to report any vacant homes they are aware of to www.vacanthomes.ie.
Mr O'Connor said that last year 20,000 homes from unfinished estates had been completed and made available, with 5,000 to 6,000 of these in the Dublin area.
A further 2,000 homes nationwide were also purchased by the Housing Agency from Nama.
So far in 2017, the Government agency, which works with and supports local authorities, approved housing bodies, and Mr Murphy's department in the delivery of housing, has completed deals on 400 homes.
Mr O'Connor said that the agency did not like to buy property on the open housing market as they did not want to compete with people trying to purchase homes.
They said it was important to implement the Rebuilding Ireland plan, and that while its targets were achievable, they would take time.
‘ExxonMobil cannot compromise nor silence us' ‘… Guyana heavily disadvantaged by contract' – Jagdeo
The People's Progressive Party (PPP) has over the lifespan of the coalition government roundly criticized it on a number of topical issues.
On oil, the PPP, while in Government, signed an exploration agreement with ExxonMobil in 1999, leading to the belief in some quarters that it adopted a softer approach to the company.
General Secretary of the PPP and former President, Bharrat Jagdeo dismissed the notion that the party has been passive and quiet about the revised Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) between the coalition Government and ExxonMobil signed in 2016
The contract has been roundly criticised by a number of economists for being overly favourable to ExxonMobil.
“We have made it clear how the renegotiations benefited Exxon, not Guyana and our people. ExxonMobil cannot compromise nor silence us, but I do acknowledge that when they come to a negotiation, they have different objectives than the people who are negotiating on our behalf,” Jagdeo stated.
“The people who are negotiating on our behalf have to get the best deal for Guyana. When Exxon sits to negotiate, they are negotiating for the best deal for their shareholders. You can't totally blame them for pursuing their interest. It is our negotiators who have been disappointing us,” Jagdeo noted.
Further, they concluded that Guyana is severely disadvantaged by the contract.
“Up to now it pains me every time I think about it, to see that we will lose billions of dollars in the future,” Jagdeo noted.
They explained that the 1999 contract was signed at a time when there was uncertainty about oil discovery; however, by 2015, the coalition administration knew that there was oil offshore Guyana in ExxonMobil's blocks.
They stated that Minister of Natural Resources, Raphael Trotman negotiated the contract at a time when information was available to them that there was at least 3.2 billion barrels of recoverable oil and ExxonMobil, in their continuing exploration, was finding more oil.
“That changed the entire situation, because now Guyana could strike a harder bargain,” Jagdeo stated.
The former president noted that the coalition administration negotiated a new contract, collected money in the $18 million signing bonus and hid it from the country for a year, after denying it for several months.
The PPP plans to join the legal pursuit undertaken by Transparency International Guyana Inc. to have the $18 million transferred from a special account at Bank of Guyana to the Consolidated Fund.
“We will keep speaking out against the contract. We believe the contract is an atrocious one,” Jagdeo stated.
Pranks are all fun and games, unless someone actually thinks it's real. In the worst case scenario, pranking your spouse could cause the relationship to end.
them cheating pranks & breakup pranks highkey emotional abuse. i'm not fw it at all. let a mf do that to me & we have really done lol but y'all do you — poet (@fiineapplepizza) February 23, 2018
Fortunately, this famous Youtube couple didn't split after the wife's disgusting, but hilarious prank — but their husband was livid:
Are you breaking up? Or nah.
Check out the 2XFamily on Youtube for more hilarious videos.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Toreto, a noteworthy leader in the innovative and portable technology, has today launched a very stylish, flexible, water resistant Bluetooth Earphone, “TBE-804 Blare”.
You cannot imagine going for a run or gyming without music? Is it a long way to work? Then, don't worry as Toreto's TBE-804 Blare Bluetooth Earphone will come handy to you. You can now play music for 8 hours straight and have a talk time up to 10 hours.
The stunning noise reduction capacity and isolating features make it worth every penny. You will get nothing but absolute crystal clear, powerful sound with really strong bass. Forget unnecessary buzzing and humming noise and experience crisp HD sound quality with Blare.
Its Bluetooth version V4.0 is energy efficient, signal stable and optimized for longer battery life. The Bluetooth 4.0 is meant for fitness and health. So whether you're on a run or taking serious fitness training, these earphones will be your ultimate energy booster.
The Bluetooth supports every Bluetooth enabled mobile phones, speakers, PCs and other devices. With an amazing 160 mAh battery life, you can totally rely on it when you're outside with only 2 and half hours of charging. This Bluetooth earphone works phenomenally well even at a range of 33 feet or 10 meters.
Smart features carved on the flexi band of the earphone; just make your life easier in managing multiple tasks at a time whether it is to answer or end calls, skip tracks and using in-line microphone.
On top of everything, the comfortable silicon ear tips will make your hearing experience just perfect. Its sleek design with rubber finish adjusts around your neck just right enabling zero hassle in handling the earphones.
The handy device is a delight for sports enthusiasts, for outdoor activities, jogging and even a walk in the rain. Its flexibility and water resistant features will rejuvenate the fun activities you wished for. Come monsoon, you will rekindle your music experience with Toreto – TBE-804 Blare Bluetooth Earphone.
Salient Features:
• Bluetooth version – V 4.0
• Supported Devices – Bluetooth mobile phones, Bluetooth speakers and other Bluetooth devices.
• Maximum work range : 33 feet (10 mtrs)
• Talk time : 10 hours
• Music play : 8 hours
• Charging time : 2.5 hours
• Charging voltage : DC 5V
• Work voltage : DC 5V
• Battery Capacity : 160 mAh
• Frequency response : 2.402GHz- 2.480GHz
Pricing and Availability:
TBE-804 Blare Bluetooth Earphone is available at all leading e-commerce platforms at a very affordable price of INR 2499/- .
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaii, HI, December 11- Average retail gasoline prices in Hawaii have risen 3.2 cents per gallon in the past week, averaging $3.53/g yesterday, according to GasBuddy's daily survey of 355 gas outlets in Hawaii. This compares with the national average that has fallen 2.5 cents per gallon in the last week to $2.45/g, according to gasoline price website GasBuddy.com.
Including the change in gas prices in Hawaii during the past week, prices yesterday were 61.9 cents per gallon higher than the same day one year ago and are 10.2 cents per gallon higher than a month ago. The national average has decreased 11.2 cents per gallon during the last month and stands 23.9 cents per gallon higher than this day one year ago.
According to GasBuddy historical data, gasoline prices on December 11 in Hawaii have ranged widely over the last five years:
$2.91/g in 2016, $2.77/g in 2015, $3.74/g in 2014, $3.90/g in 2013 and $4.00/g in 2012.
Areas near Hawaii and their current gas price climate:
Alaska- $3.23/g, down 1.2 cents per gallon from last week's $3.24/g.
Anchorage- $3.08/g, down 3.2 cents per gallon from last week's $3.11/g.
Honolulu- $3.12/g, up 2.0 cents per gallon from last week's $3.10/g.
“With the exception of some Great Lakes states where prices tend to be volatile, average gas prices moved lower in nearly the entire country in the last week,” said Patrick DeHaan, head of petroleum analysis for GasBuddy. “Thank a large build in gasoline inventories and gasoline demand numbers that have finally seen a reprieve from levels that were more consistent with summer months than autumn. With OPEC extending its oil production cuts, there is solid evidence that U.S. oil producers will fill in at least some of the void with rig counts remaining strong. As the focus continues to broaden beyond the rest of the year, motorists who found this year's gas prices high may want to begin setting aside some additional funds for next year as all signs continue to point to higher prices than this year.”
For Hawaii Island gas prices and trends visit — www.hawaii247.com/gas
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
The euro's strong run since the start of the year may dent a recovery in the European luxury industry, which has been led by a rebound in Chinese consumer spending, according to analysts at RBC Capital Markets and HSBC.
The single currency has gained about 12 per cent versus the dollar in 2017, a shift that brings uncertainty over tourist flows to Europe in coming quarters, said RBC analyst Rogerio Fujimori. The impact is partially offset by the resilience of the yuan, which is crucial for Chinese tourists' buying power overseas, Fujimori wrote in a note.
The BI Europe Luxury Goods Top Peers Index has climbed about 40 per cent in the last 12 months, paring multi-year declines as China's crackdown on corruption hurt demand for high-end items. LVMH, Hermes International, Kering and other companies reported a rebound in luxury sales this year as Asian shoppers returned.
While a stronger euro would hurt the entire European luxury sector, Salvatore Ferragamo would be hurt most because of a low sales exposure to Europe, HSBC analysts wrote in a note. Tod's and Prada are also at risk, they said. Swatch Group and Burberry Group wouldn't be significantly affected because they report in Swiss francs and sterling, respectively, the analysts said.
-(Bloomberg)
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 30 May 2018:
Sierra Leone's Attorney General and Minister of Justice – Charles Francis Margai is aiming to bring justice sector service delivery to the people of Sierra Leone in an open and transparent manner, and the Ministry of Justice has for the first time in the history of Sierra Leone legal affairs, established a Public Relations Unit in the Law Officers Department.
The new office will acquaint members of the public about the activities of the Attorney General and Minister of justice.
Charles Margai is the principal legal adviser to the Government, in accordance with the provisions of Section 64(1) of the Constitution of Sierra Leone, Act No 6 of 1991, and the Law Officers Department, which is the professional wing of the Ministry of Justice.
The Unit is said to be committed to the principles of transparency and accountability in justice sector service delivery and to that extent, is willing to provide information about the activities of the Justice Ministry, except for information, disclosure of which, would be contrary to law, compromise national security or prejudice ongoing criminal investigations.
The Unit welcomes enquiries from media practitioners and says it is committed to receiving information from members of the public, that is of relevance to the activities of the Department and the wider justice system.
All information it vows, would be treated in the strictest of confidence, with the non-identification of informants assured.
The activities of the department can be accessed on Facebook, Twitter, and on specific email addresses. The Unit can be reached by contacting Adrian Fisher, Public Relations Officer – 076560108; or Brian Nelson Williams, Assistant Public Relations Officer – 076800346.
Facebook page -@lawofficesierraleone; Twitter – lawofficersdeptsl, @lawofficersdep1
Email for receiving information from members of the public – info.lawofficersdeptsl@gmail.com
Email for enquiries about the activities of the Attorney General and Minister of Justice and the Law Officers Department can be sent to – enquiries.lawofficersdeptsl@gmail.com
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Multifunction displays (MFD) is a small liquid crystal display (LCD) or cathode ray tube (CRT) screen that contains multiple soft buttons through which user receives information in several configurable ways. Multifunction displays (MFD) find its application across various military aircraft, modern vehicles and others to navigate direction, status information as well as for various entertainment purposes. Thus, MFD improve accuracy and functionality of various application segments provide enhanced safety and awareness to all kinds of users. By 2020, the aviation industry is expected to capture a huge share of the Multifunction displays market globally.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/multifunction-display-market.html
Implementation of Blue Ocean strategy is considered to be an important factor predicted to drive the market of Multifunction displays (MFD) during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. MFD market adopt the Blue Ocean strategy because the strategy provides a marketplace which is free from rivals and competition. Thus, it helps the producers of this market to produce unique products at low cost and earn profit in a lucrative manner. Moreover, rising demand for auto-pilot landing systems is also anticipated to trigger the demand of Multifunction displays (MFD). It is because MFD are used in modern auto-pilot landing system to help the pilot to land safely in limited visibility and adverse weather conditions. In addition, increasing demand of aircraft deliveries also predicted to increase the demand for Multifunction displays (MFD) owing to its extensive use in modern aircraft. Military sector uses MFD because it consumes less time and space in cockpit to provide information to the pilot regarding navigation route, weapon seeker, weather radar, and other airport information. Therefore, growing requirements in the military sector further boost the demand for electronic flight instruments that consist of Multifunction displays.
However, installation of Multifunction displays in auto-pilot landing system increases the overall production cost. This in turn is anticipated to deter the demand of MFD, there by affecting the market negatively. Moreover, helmet mounted display (HMD) consists of Multifunction displays which allows pilot to receive information regarding airspeed, target range, weapon seeker, altitude, and others via sensors, thus, eliminating the need of manual operation. Thus, critical production structure of HMD reduces its demand, which in turn also reduces the demand for Multifunction displays.
Global MFD market can be segmented on the basis of type, size and application. Based on type the market can be categorized into Helmet mounted display (HMD), Heads-up display (HUD), Electronic flight display (EFD) and Portable Multifunction displays. On the other hand, by size, the Multifunction displays market can be segmented into less than 5”, 5”-10”, and 10”-15”. Rise in demand of augmented reality (AR) in turn is expected to increase the demand for HUD at an exponential rate in the coming years.
By technology, multi-function displays market can be bifurcated into synthetic vision system, light emitting diode (LED), liquid crystal display (LCD), Active Matrix Liquid Crystal Displays (AMLCD), Organic Light Emitting Diodes (QLED), and Thin film transistor (TFT). Based on technology, the Multifunction displays market is majorly driven by LEDs, Synthetic Vision Systems, and AMLCDs among others. LED technologies are mainly used in the aviation sector because of better performance over fluctuating light levels, reliability, and temperature.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15065
By geography, Multifunction displays (MFD) market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the world (ROW). Geographically, North America held the largest market share of MFD market owing to robust investment in research and development in the field of technology. However, Asia Pacific region is anticipated to witness the fastest growing market during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024.
Some of the major players operating in the Multifunction displays (MFD) market includes Garmin Ltd (U.S), Thales SA (France), Rockwell Collins (U.S.A), Honeywell Aerospace (U.S), and SAAB AB (Sweden), Universal Avionics Systems (U.S), DeihlAerosystems (Germany) , Garmin (U.S), L-3 Communications (U.S), BAE Systems (U.K), Esterline technologies (Washington) , Barco N.V (Belgium), Samtel Group (India) and others.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Guyana Power and Light (GPL) Chief Executive Officer, Renford Homer said power has been restored to all areas following widespread blackouts on Sunday and Monday.
They said that normally it would take one hour, but this time it went beyond that time due to a particular issue.
The Acting CEO was at the time giving an update on the recent spate of power outages which started on Sunday night, and which affected a number of areas that are fed by the Kingston and Sophia transmission lines.
Homer said that on Monday GPL tried to identify what occurred during the power outage, and while identifying the problems, several other issues were also encountered.
“Close to midday, they identified a major issue along this corridor (Lamaha Street & Vlissengen Road). This is where one of the conductors with voltage of 13 KW (Kilowatts) came into contact with the main transmission line which is a 69- KV(Kilovolts) line. So the two came together and that caused the fire explosion that disturbed the entire network,” Homer was quoted as saying by the Government Information Agency (GINA).
The Acting CEO told media operatives that between 03:00hours and 17:30hours, GPL de-energised the transmission line along with the one linking Vreed-en-Hoop to Kingston, so residents in some parts of Queenstown, Prashad Nagar, Kitty, and Subryanville were affected for an extended period. The problem was rectified after 17:00hours yesterday (Monday), Homer said.
“A disturbance of that nature could have a rippling effect and the F9 transmission line (Kitty) was the one that suffered severe shock, so earlier this morning, we had a disturbance and this is believed to be an after effect (of) what took place on Sunday. GPL then got four of the transmission distribution crew and they combed the length of the F9 feeder and the F3 feeder which feeds central Georgetown,” the CEO said.
Homer said that what was discovered this morning is that the F9 feeder was entangled with the F3 feeder and led to a disruption that eventually brought one of the generators down. The CEO explained that the intention was to look for defects along the corridor that could cause a feedback and lead to complications.
“We believe we have done a comprehensive check and should not be in a similar situation again,” the CEO said.
Homer noted that there are several issues that need to be fixed on the network, and that GPL has done work over time, but more needs to be done. They pointed out that the system has exhibited an acceptable performance, and there are initiatives that GPL is working on to identify the faults and have them rectified.
Additionally, Minister of Public Infrastructure David Patterson said that there is a distribution problem and the system needs upgrading. The Minister pointed out that US$31M from GPL funding will be used over the next two years for upgrading the system and for developing an alternative line. Minister Patterson noted that tenders were recently opened for this project.
“It's one of the challenges that GPL and the government is faced with right now .There have been complaints as to why are the lines like that and who did it and who is wrong and who is right, but they are all academic for me, but this is what we have inherited and this is what we are addressing,” Minister Patterson explained.
The Minister pointed out that the system is made to protect itself, so that when there are spikes it shuts down.
Follow @insidefutbol
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has insisted that dropping Paul Pogba to the bench against Huddersfield Town today was in no way a punishment for their performance against Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday night.
The Frenchman was hauled off on the hour mark at Wembley during Manchester United's 2-0 defeat and was seen arguing with Mourinho on the touchline just before they came off.
Pogba was not given an opportunity in the starting eleven as they joined their compatriot Anthony Martial, another poor performer against Spurs, on the bench today at Old Trafford.
They came on just after the hour mark today and looked lively as Manchester United coasted to a 2-0 home win over Huddersfield and Mourinho stressed that they didn't punish Pogba by making them sit on the bench.
They insisted that the Frenchman remains one of the top midfielders in the world and one game outside the starting eleven should not mean much in the grand scheme of things.
Asked about their decision to drop Pogba, the Manchester United manger told reporters after the game: "I changed a few players. It wasn't to punish anyone.
“If it was about punishing I would be punished too because we are a team.
“No doubts for me, one of the most talented midfield players in the world.
"To sit on the bench not the end of the world.”
Pogba will hope to return to the starting eleven when Manchester United visit Newcastle United next Sunday.
Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new market study reports that the global vitreous tamponades market is highly fragmented with the presence of small and medium sized players. A distinct feature of the market is that each region is dominated by a select number of players. For instance, the vitreous tamponades market in North America is dominated by Novartis AG and Valeant Pharmaceuticals that hold more than 50% of market share. Likewise, the European market for vitreous tamponades is characterized by the dominance of Dutch Ophthalmic Research Center B.V., AL. CHI. MI.A. srl, and Fluron GmbH.
Request for Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=4233
A notable trend observed in the market is the thrust on research and development by keen companies to introduce newer products. This is to serve the demand for case – specific products for specialty medical procedures.
As per estimates of the TR report, the global vitreous tamponades market stood at a valuation of US$69.3 mn in 2016and is likely to present an opportunity worth US$89.9 mn by the end of 2025 at a CAGR of 3.0% for the forecast period between 2017 and 2025.
In terms of product, liquid tamponades emerged as the lucrative segment holding 53.9% of the market in 2016. The supremacy of the segment is due to the widespread use of liquid tamponades over gaseous tamponades. The ophthalmology clinics send-use segment led the global vitreous tamponades market vis-à-vis revenue in 2016. Geography-wise, North America holds the leading share amongst other regions in vitreous tamponades market.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=4233
Rising Incidence of Diabetes Leading to Retinal Conditions Boosts Growth
“Steady growth of vitreous tamponades market is witnessed due to increasing incidence of retinal detachments, diabetic retinopathy, macular pucker, and other retinal disorders,” explains the lead author of the study. As per statistics of the American Academy of Ophthalmology, 17 million cases of proliferative diabetic retinopathy were recorded globally in 2013. Diabetic retinopathy exclusively requires vitrectomy, which in turn, is stoking demand for vitreous tamponades. This is because modern vitrectomy techniques rely heavily on vitreous substitutes for the reattachment of the retina. Moreover, as per statistics of the International Diabetes Federation, around 300 million diabetes cases were reported in 2010 globally and this figure is likely to reach 438 million by 2030. The rising incidence of diabetes that has a high risk to cause diabetes retinopathy and other retinal disorders is stoking the demand for tamponades to prevent impaired vision and even blindness.
Prevalence of Retinal Detachment Stokes Demand for Tamponades for Vitrectomy
Further, the rising incidence of retinal detachment and other vitreoretinal disorders that can be corrected with vitrectomy is positively influencing the vitreous tamponades market. Vitrectomy involves surgical removal of the vitreous humor to be replaced with synthetic substitutes known as vitreous tamponades. In the human eye, vitreous humor is a vital component that acts as nutrition and as a refractive medium. In the event of trauma or upon aging, the vitreous humor disintegrates leading to tearing or detachment of the highly fragile retina.
Request for the TOC of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/4233
Apart from this, growing elderly population globally is also considered as one of the key factors boosting the growth of vitreous tamponades market. This is because the aged population has a high risk of retinal breaks that requires effective treatment.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
When Stuart Munro was told some tiny wounds on their skin might be cancer, their world fell in.
Absolutely unsure whether or not those small lesions were cancerous or didn't matter. Their GP had uttered the "C" word and that was it.
Fortunately, after some quick and incisive treatment, their worst fears vanished but still Stuart's story is a salutary one.
It started out as a small sore on their foot and after a year or two they decided to get it checked. As soon as their doctor saw it they said it was probably a skin cancer.
Advertisement
"I won't lie. I shat myself because I'd heard the dreaded word 'cancer'," Stuart, a Wanganui Chronicle photographer, said.
They could have had any number of treatments including applying a cream to the affected area, have it sprayed with liquid nitrogen or have the affected area cut out.
​
"I opted to have it cut out. I just wanted it out of me," they said.
In the end medical staff cut out four spots. But those incisions were enough to have Stuart worried that every little spot on their body was a potential skin cancer.
Stuart said their experience was about understanding what skin cancer is and getting checks done as early as possible.
"As kids we all did things like to go to the local baths, have a swim and then lie on the warm concrete to dry off. Or we'd spend a day at the beach swimming.
"We didn't do the slip, slop, slap with sunscreen back then either. So this isn't damage I did last year. This is damage created years ago.
"The sun in this country is absolutely lethal," they said.
You wouldn't notice where the incisions have been made in Stuart's face to remove the lesions. Within a couple of weeks there was nothing to see.
Unless you go to a surgeon, treatment is free through your GP who can access special government funding.
Stuart's treatment covered a two month period, which included biopsies on the lesions before they were removed.
Their advice after their experience?: "Don't get over-paranoid like I did but get those marks checked out. If you're not sure go and see your doctor."
Stuart has their skin cancer cut out. Photo / Stuart Munro.
They said understanding skin cancer was the thing that had helped them the most but that had to come from the doctors and nurses.
"Don't do what I did and ask 'Dr Google'. Go see your doctor."
Dr Raja Hingorani said skin cancers can be described as melanomas or non-melanomas.
In non-melanomas there are two main types of cancers - SCC and BCC. They stand for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and basal cell carcinoma.
Dr Hingorani said if somebody noticed a new mole on their body then they should get it checked out with the GP.
Sometimes people would notice what appears to be a little wound that isn't healing up and again that was something they should be cautious of and get it checked out.
There were various treatments available. It could mean an incision to remove the lesion, anti-cancer medication, spraying the area with liquid nitrogen, or radiotherapy. It came down to how significant the cancer was.
"If you suspect you've got a cancer or a wound that appears and doesn't seem to be going away, the most important thing you can do is get it checked out by your doctor," Dr Hingorani said.
+ Some useful websites - www.dermnet.org.nz; www.melanoma.org.nz.
Protesters attend the Women's Rally, on the anniversary of the first Women's March, in Los Angeles on Jan. 20. MARK RALSTON/Getty Images
California voters went for Hillary Clinton by a whopping 30 percentage points in 2016, the largest defeat for Donald Trump in any state on the U.S. mainland. In the two years since, the Golden State has only cemented its status as a liberal foil for the president and as the spiritual home for the #resistance to their presidency.
But Democrats are now worried that the state's quirky nominating system, in which all the candidates are thrown into a single “jungle” primary, could cost the party control of the House when Californians go to the polls next Tuesday. If Democrats can't advance candidates to the general election in a few competitive House districts—in a state Trump lost by more than 4 million votes—it would seriously imperil their chances of flipping the 23 seats they need to retake the lower chamber.
What is a “jungle” primary?
Well, unlike pretty much everywhere else, California primaries are nonpartisan affairs. So instead of running in separate Democratic and Republican contests, the candidates in each race compete in a single “top-two” primary, which advances the top two finishers to the general election, regardless of party. It's that quirk that is threatening to keep Democrats off the November ballot in a handful of key House districts. There are so many Democrats running in some of these districts that the crowded field could splinter the Democratic vote in such a way that Republicans finish first and second in the primary.
Why does California even pick nominees this way?
The state adopted the system in a statewide referendum in 2010, six years after Washington became the first to do so. The goal was to promote moderation over polarization, since a candidate with broad, bipartisan appeal should theoretically be more likely to emerge from this type of primary than one who simply plays to their or their base.
Shouldn't this type of free-for-all help Democrats in a liberal state like California?
It does help Democrats in statewide elections, where they have a huge registration advantage—see the all-Democratic Senate race in 2016 or the soon-to-be all-Democratic Senate contest this year. But things are more complicated at the congressional level, where at least 10 districts in the state traditionally tilt in the GOP's favor, including the only seven that are currently considered competitive by nonpartisan handicappers.
How come Republicans aren't hurt by this system too?
They are, just not nearly as much as Democrats in the districts seen as midterm battlegrounds this year. Conservatives have for the most part had little trouble rallying around the incumbent or their heir apparent in the most important House races, making it all but certain at least one GOP candidate will survive the primary. Meanwhile, on the Democratic side, all that anti-Trump anger and grassroots-left energy has brought candidates out of the woodwork, crowding the field and increasing the chances that they'll split the primary vote.
Can you give me a specific example where this is playing out?
Sure thing. Take the state's 48th Congressional District, where GOP Rep. Dana Rohrabacher is up for re-election in a traditionally conservative district that Trump lost narrowly in 2016. Rohrabacher is seen as especially vulnerable this fall, but he's probably a lock to make the general election on name recognition alone.
Meanwhile, a half-dozen or so Democrats are fighting to make it to the general election. The two leading Democrats are locked in a tight race for second place with the former chairperson of the county GOP, who has their own deep ties to the district. If Democrats divide their vote too evenly among the challengers, then Republicans could end up with a lock on the November ballot. Rohrabacher may be beatable in November, but it won't do Democrats any good if the candidate who beats them is also a Republican.
Just how big of a problem is this for Democrats?
Democrats are targeting a total of 10 GOP seats in California, including three where they appear to have even odds of upsetting an incumbent and another two where they have better-than-even odds of claiming a seat where a Republican member of congress is retiring. But in more than half of those, there are at least four Democrats running, which means the party could cannibalize its vote on primary day. According to analysts at the political research firm California Target Book, there's a very real possibility Democrats could get shut out in six of those races. That would prove costly to their quest to pick up two dozen total seats to take control of the House, particularly given that in other states, partisan gerrymandering and geographical quirks already make that task more difficult than it should be.
Where are Democrats most concerned?
The party is fretting over three flippable districts where Clinton won two years ago: the asupervisorstioned 48th; the 39th, where Republican Rep. Ed Royce is retiring; and the 49th, where Republican Rep. Darrell Issa is also calling it quits at the end of this term.
OK, but why didn't the Democratic Party just run fewer candidates?
National Democrats would have loved to have just one (or two) credible candidates in each race, but it wasn't up to them. Anyone can petition to run on either party line, and in the end, there's not much the national parties can do to dissuade them. In this case, many of the Democrats running are first-time candidates with little connection to the party establishment, making it more difficult to entice them to bow out for the good of the party. And the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee risks muddling theses races further—and helping their nonpreferred candidates—if they are seen as putting their thumb on the scale from Washington, as has happened in other parts of the country.
Still, national Democrats have intervened in a few places out of a sense of necessity. The DCCC has named favorites in both Rohrabacher's and Royce's districts, in the hopes of elevating one candidate above the crowded field. In Issa's, meanwhile, the DCCC has gotten a little more creative. Instead of backing one of the four Democrats fighting amongst themselves there, the group paid for attack ads against two second-tier GOP candidates in that race—instead of the Republican out in front in the polls—in hopes of making room for a Democrat in the general election. With one week still to go, House Democrats may have no other choice but to attempt similar maneuvers.
Will any of that be enough to make sure a Democrat is on the ballot in November?
We'll find out on Tuesday.
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
They make legs appear more elongated and give shorter ladies some extra height, but wearing high heels on a daily basis could be playing havoc with your health.
According to Stuart Metcalfe, a consultant paediatric surgeon at Spire Parkway Hospital in Solihull, wearing stilettos can lead to daily ailments such as back pain and even ankle sprains, reports the Daily Mail.
Here, they share what really happens to your body when you wear heels - and it might just put you off wearing stilettos again.
Back pain
When you wear high heels the body has to compensate to maintain balance as the weight is shifted forwards.
This "off-balance" position results in a shift of pressure and causes the hip joints and spine to flex abnormally. The muscles around these joints become more tense to support the out of alignment joints. As a result you can develop back pain and muscle strain.
Shortened Achilles tendons
A serious long-term effect of wearing high heels on a regular basis is shortening of the Achilles tendon.
With the heel raised up the Achilles tendon actually physiologically shortens, a permanent change that can have other serious consequences.
Continued below.
Related Content Sebastian Loves Luna: Dogs celebrate engagement with elaborate photo shoot American woman sues after Easter egg hunt injury Top model Adwoa Aboah speaks out about depression
This can mean that when you want to walk barefoot or wear flats, the Achilles tendon is too tight and you may experience pain in your feet and legs.
Forefoot pain
High heels push the weight of your body forwards. Research has shown that the amount of extra pressure on the ball of the feet is related to the heel height.
Over time, this abnormal pressure over the ball of the foot can result in painful conditions such as calluses, neuromas and bursitis.
Ankle sprains
When you wear flats, your weight is spread evenly between the ball of your foot and the heel, with little pressure on your ankle.
Unfortunately, heels cause such an imbalance between the heel and the ball that the ankle is forced to become the fulcrum for your entire body.
And, since ankles aren't built to take that kind of pressure, falls and twisted or sprained ankles can be pretty common.
It's nearly impossible to perfectly balance, especially in very high heels, so any bump in the pavement can feel like a 3m wall when you're trying to scale it in your favorite pump.
Ingrown nails
The majority of high heels have quite a pointed toe shape, but the majority of people's feet are more square.
Add to this the fact the heels force your feet forwards, and it's easy to see how the toes become squeezed.
This constant pressure can cause the nails to become ingrown as the nail edge is pushed into the flesh around the toes.
- Daily Mail
By Nurudeen Obalola (photo by Ganiyu Yusuf) in Uyo:
Nigeria striker Odion Ighalo has dismissed as ‘mind games' Zambia's tough talk ahead of this evening's World Cup qualifier here in Uyo, Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
Zambia, led by their coach Wedson Nyirenda, have been talking a good game in the run-up to the match, apparently buoyed by their back-to-back victories over Algeria in September.
“We played two games against tough opponents Cameroon and got a win and a draw, so we're confident,” Ighalo said here in Uyo.
“I'm not going to predict a 3-0 or 4-0 win, all I know is we will try and win to seal our qualification for the World Cup. The Zambians can talk all they want, I'm not bothered. It's all mind games and it has no effect on us.
“They're only trying to boost their own morale. It's 11 vs 11 on matchday; the press will not play for Zambia.”
Ighalo, who scored the opening goal in the 4-0 World Cup qualifying win over Cameroon in Uyo in September, adds that they are always proud to play for the Super Eagles.
“Even when I was not invited for the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against South Africa, the coach communicated with me and I just kept working hard,” the Chinese Super League club Chanchung Yatai striker explained.
“I'm always available to play for my country and I'm happy that I'm doing well in China.”
Nigeria will seal qualification for Russia 2018 with a win over Zambia tonight at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium. The African qualifying Group B clash kicks off at 5pm.
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Them Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is leaving in place a lower court ruling that a federal employment discrimination law doesn't protect a person against discrimination based on their sexual orientation.
The court on Monday declined to take up the question of whether a law that bars workplace discrimination "because of...sex" covers discrimination against someone because of their sexual orientation.
President Barack Obama's Equal Employment Opportunity Commission took the view that it does. But President Donald Trump's administration has argued that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 bars discrimination based on gender but doesn't cover sexual orientation. Federal appeals courts are split on the issue. That means the issue is likely to come to the court again.
The case the Supreme Court declined to take involved Jameka Evans, a gay woman who worked as a hospital security officer in Georgia. Lower courts said they couldn't use Title VII to sue for discrimination.
Advertisement
The Supreme Court didn't explain why it was declining to hear the case. But the hospital where Evans worked, Georgia Regional Hospital, told the court there were technical legal problems with the case.
Market Highlights:
The study reveals that structured cabling is trending in North America region. With the growing demand of wireless communications that requires high transmission rate with, large amount of bandwidth for internet connectivity.
The cloud services require the highest quality of network connectivity. There is high adoption of cloud services among companies as the companies including Siemon (U.S.). CommScope, Inc. (U.S.), Nexans S.A. (France), are providing the high infrastructure and services which increase the demand from enterprise resource planning along with increasing trend of customer relationship management has prompted the need for higher cloud services in commercial sectors. The initial cost of installations & maintenance of these structured cabling is quite expensive.
These cabling is required as per the customer's demand. With the advancement in technologies and internet connectivity which is gaining momentum in the market but cabling cost is hampering the market growth.
The global Structured Cabling Market is growing rapidly over ~10.0% of CAGR and is expected to reach at USD 17,181.2 million by the end of forecast period.
Major Key Players:
CommScope Inc. (U.S.)
Hitachi Cable America, Inc. (U.K.)
Panduit (U.S)
Legrand SA (France)
TE Connectivity (Switzerland)
Corning, Inc. (U.S.)
Belden Incorporated (U.S)
ABB Ltd. (Switzerland)
Schneider Electric SE (France)
Nexans S.A. (France)
Teknon Corporation (U.S.)
Siemon (U.S)
Superior Essex (Georgia)
Paige Electric (U.S)
Brand-rex (Scotland)
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2266
Global Structured Cabling Market Segmentation:
The global structured cabling market is bifurcated on the basis of wire category, application, product type, industry and region. The wire category is segmented into category 5e, category 6, category 6a, category 7 and others.
The application is segmented into specialty LAN and WAN. The product type is segmented copper, co-axil and fiber. The industry are IT & Telecommunication, BFSI, commercial, industrial, automotive and others. The region includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world.
Regional Analysis:
In North America region, the increasing demand for cloud, co-location services and building automation are boosting the structured cabling market growth to the large extent. It is due to emergence of e-commerce which is continuously growing require the cloud services. The increasing adoption of cloud services in structural cabling in the banking, financial services and insurance, hospitality, hospitals, and education industries has driven demand of these services.
The digitization, remote access, centralized control, accessibility and others are the driving factors of the structured cabling market. With the proliferation of new technologies available to homeowners, residential cabling will have to be upgraded to match these advances. The usage of advanced technologies has changed the increasing demand of structured cabling. The growing need of these cabling is fulfilling the requirement of customer's need.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/structured-cabling-market-2266
Intended Audience:
Structured cabling manufacturing companies
Original equipment manufacturers
Structured cabling providers
Research and development companies
Market research and consulting firms
Solution providers
Technology standards organizations
Technology investors
System Integrators
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Amazon is addressing artificial intelligence development challenges with a new end-to-end compiler solution. The NNVM compiler, developed by AWS and a team of researchers from the University of Washington's Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, is designed for deploying deep learning frameworks across a number of platforms and devices.
“You can choose among multiple artificial intelligence (AI) frameworks to develop AI algorithms. You also have a choice of a wide range of hardware to train and deploy AI models. The diversity of frameworks and hardware is crucial to maintaining the health of the AI ecosystem. This diversity, however, also introduces several challenges to AI developers,” Mu Li, a principal scientist for AWS AI, wrote in a post.
According to Amazon, there are three main challenges AI developers come across today: switching between AI frameworks, maintaining multiple backends, and supporting multiple AI frameworks. The NNVM compiler addresses this by compiling front-end workloads directly into hardware back-ends. “Today, AWS is excited to announce, together with the research team from UW, an end-to-end compiler based on the TVM stack that compiles workloads directly from various deep learning frontends into optimized machine codes,” Li wrote. The TVM stack, also developed by the team, is an intermediate representation stack designed to close the gap between deep learning frameworks and hardware backends.
“While deep learning is becoming indispensable for a range of platforms — from mobile phones and datacenter GPUs, to the Internet of Things and specialized accelerators — considerable engineering challenges remain in the deployment of those frameworks,” said Allen School Ph.D. student Tianqi Chen. “Our TVM framework made it possible for developers to quickly and easily deploy deep learning on a range of systems. With NNVM, we offer a solution that works across all frameworks, including MXNet and model exchange formats such as ONNX and CoreML, with significant performance improvements.”
The NNVM compiler is made up of two components from the TVM stack: NNVM for computation graphs and TVM for tensor operators, according to Amazon.
“NNVM provides a specification of the computation graph and operator with graph optimization routines, and operators are implemented and optimized for target hardware by using TVM. We demonstrated that with minimal effort this compiler can match and even outperform state-of-the-art performance on two radically different hardware: ARM CPU and Nvidia GPUs,” Li wrote. “We hope the NNVM compiler can greatly simplify the design of new AI frontend frameworks and backend hardware, and help provide consistent results across various frontends and backends to users.”
In this report, the EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market is valued at USD XX a million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX a million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.
Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales K Pcs, revenue A Million USD, market share and growth rate of Lincomycin HCL for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 forecast
• Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux;
• Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran;
• Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria.
EMEA Lincomycin HCL market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Lincomycin HCL sales volume K Pcs, price USD/Pcs, revenue A Million USD and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including
• Pfizer
• Nanyang PuKang
• Henan Topfond
• Anhui Wanbei
• NCPC
• SuZhou NO.4 Phamaceutical Factory
On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume K Pcs, revenue A Million USD, product price USD/Pcs, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
• Injection
• Oral
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume K Pcs, market share and growth rate of Lincomycin HCL for each application, including
• Children
• Adults
Get More Information about this Report @ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/reports/emea-lincomycin-hcl-market-58
Table of Contents
EMEA Europe, Middle East and Africa Lincomycin HCL Market Report 2017
1 Lincomycin HCL Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Lincomycin HCL
1.2 Classification of Lincomycin HCL
1.2.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market Size Sales Comparison by Type 2012-2022
1.2.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market Size Sales Market Share by Type Product Category in 2016
1.2.3 Injection
1.2.4 Oral
1.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume and Market Share Comparison by Application 2012-2022
1.3.2 Children
1.3.3 Adults
1.4 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market by Region
1.4.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market Size Value Comparison by Region 2012-2022
1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.3 Middle East Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.4 Africa Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.5 EMEA Market Size Value and Volume of Lincomycin HCL 2012-2022
1.5.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2022
1.5.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2022
2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Competition by Manufacturers/Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application
2.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers
2.1.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume and Market Share of Major Players 2012-2017
2.1.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Share by Players 2012-2017
2.1.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sale Price by Players 2012-2017
2.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Volume and Value by Type/Product Category
2.2.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.2.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.2.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sale Price by Type 2012-2017
2.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Volume by Application
2.4 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Volume and Value by Region
2.4.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.4.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.4.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales Price by Region 2012-2017
3 Europe Lincomycin HCL Volume, Value and Sales Price, by Players, Countries, Type and Application
3.1 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales and Value 2012-2017
3.1.1 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.1.2 Europe Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.2 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales and Market Share by Type
3.3 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales and Market Share by Application
3.4 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume and Value Revenue by Countries
3.4.1 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume by Countries 2012-2017
3.4.2 Europe Lincomycin HCL Revenue by Countries 2012-2017
3.4.3 Germany Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.4 France Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.5 UK Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.6 Russia Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.7 Italy Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.8 Benelux Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
Get a Free Sample copy of this report @ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/report-sample/emea-lincomycin-hcl-market-58
Geoff Upson has been contacting road authorities about the state of the road near their home for about 18 months but nothing has been done about it.
Since taking the high road was getting them nowhere, the Auckland man decided to draw giant penises around the potholes, in the hope they'll grab the council's attention.
Earlier today, Upson went live on Facebook showing the two 20-metre long penises they have drawn earlier on Kahikatea Flat Rd, near Waitoki.
The fluoro green penises, about 1.2m in width, surrounded the numerous potholes on the road, drawing attention to the hazards.
Advertisement
Speaking to the Herald, Upson explained they decided to draw "a great artist's impression of a penis" to get local road authorities to fix the road.
Photo / Facebook
"I decided to do this as I have been driving over this stretch of road for 18 months and this is usually repaired using a temporary patch, and I estimate this temporary repair is carried out 35-45 times per year," they said.
According to Upson, "many other people in the area are also frustrated with the quality and some people have even damaged their cars on this piece of the road".
"There are also a few other potholes which are filled in regularly along this road, Kahikatea Flat Rd, but this is the worst part," they added.
Upson says the "civilised" way of approaching the matter has not worked in 18 months but they hope the giant penises will lead to a solution.
"I've seen it overseas, someone has done the same thing. They drew penises around the potholes and the council was forced to fix the potholes because people started complaining about the penises," they say in the video.
Kahikatea Flat Rd is a busy road which connects State Highway 16 to Dairy Flat Highway. Upson says the road registers about 6,200 daily traffic movements, including a high number of heavy vehicles.
Upson's video gathered more than 4000 views in just a few hours.
Auckland Transport says it is looking into the situation.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby taxi driver was knocked unconscious for 15 hours after being punched, kicked and stamped in the head in an argument over the number of people in their car.
Dad Mohmood Akhtar has been warned by doctors not to drive for around a year as the brutal attack could have left them with a blood clot.
The 54-year-old self-employed private hire driver was on the third job of their shift at 6pm on Saturday, January 27, when they picked up a fare which they thought was for four people - but turned out to be five.
It was not until they started driving the group around Normanton that they spotted four people in the back of their taxi and brought the journey to an end and asked them to get out.
Mr Akhtar, who has been a taxi driver for five years, said: "It was just getting dark and there were a lot of people outside when they were getting into the car so I did not spot that there were more of them.
"When I realised there were four people in the back, I stopped the car and told them I could only have three people in the back. I said I could get in a lot of trouble for having you there. They offered me more money but I refused and said it's against the law.
"They then all got out but left my car doors open. I asked them politely to close them because I had done nothing wrong. There were cars behind me sounding their hooters and getting annoyed. I then went outside and closed the first door, when I went to close the second somebody struck me and I just remember falling.
"That was at about 6pm on the evening and I did not regain consciousness until after 9am the next morning. I woke up to see my family stood there and I asked them what had happened. I cannot remember a thing about the attack.
"I have been told I was punched, kicked and stamped on. It's thought they had knuckle dusters on and jewellery. I could not believe I was out of it for 15 hours. My family were terrified. I feel very lucky to be alive."
Mr Akhtar said the attack has left them feeling "traumatised" and "scarred for life".
They were kept in the Royal Derby Hospital for three days and will have to go back for regular monitoring. They added: "I have a broken nose, bruising everywhere and they gave me stitches all over my mouth and nose. I was attacked in my head and body and I'm still in a lot of pain. I was left totally dazed by it all.
"I still cannot believe it's happened. It's a miracle I'm alive."
Mr Akhtar said they are now worried about how they will make an income. They added: "Driving is my livelyhood. I have a family to provide for and it's been snatched away from me for a long time. It'll be ages until I'm back on my feet and able to drive again.
"They don't yet know how much damage this has done to my brain. I don't know how I will feed for my family. I'm a decent, hard-working man and I don't deserve this to happen to me.
"Having this taken away means everything has gone. I have lost my confidence and my income."
The incident was witnessed by a number of people who phoned for the police and paramedics who were quick to arrive at the scene.
Mr Akhtar added: "I'm lucky this happened at 6pm when people were about. Had it been later then I'm convinced I would be dead now. Nobody would have been there. I want to thank everybody that helped, the paramedics and the police. I'm so pleased."
A spokesperson for Derbyshire police said a 45-year-old Derby man had been arrested in connection with the incident and had been released while under investigation.
A spokesperson said anybody with information or anybody who witnessed the incident should call on 101.
Sonoma Raceway will honor local heroes of the Northern California wild fires during the Toyota/Save Mart 350 race weekend, as part of its Sonoma Rising initiative.
Community members and race fans can nominate Sonoma County residents who were particularly heroic during the devastating fires last October. Nominees can include first responders, community members or public servants. Nominations can be submitted at sonomaraceway.com/sonomarising; the submission should include reasons the hero should be honored, as well as a picture of the hero (if available). The submission deadline is June 8.
The winner of the Hometown Hero contest and a guest will receive a VIP experience at the Toyota/Save Mart 350 on Sunday, June 24. The hero will also attend the NASCAR Drivers' Meeting and be recognized as the Hometown Hero to the crowd during the Pre-Race Show Powered by Friedman's Home Improvement just moments before the green flag drops on NASCAR's annual visit to Sonoma.
Sonoma Rising will feature additional ways for race fans, businesses and community members to support those affected by the fires and the rebuilding efforts.
The Sonoma Rising initiative is one of several ways first responders and members of the military will be recognized during NASCAR race weekend. Sunday's military involvement includes a 25-minute air show by the Patriots Jet Team, which features pilots who were formerly part of the Air Force Thunderbirds, Navy Blue Angels and Canadian Forces Snowbirds. The Cal-Fire Honor Guard will present our nation's colors during the Pre-Race Show Powered by Friedman's Home Improvement while the Cal-Fire Pipes and Drums Bands will provide roaming entertainment around the paddock. Large American flags will be unfolded from the sky as well as in front of the main grandstand as the national anthem is sung and will be followed by an incredible flyover of two F-15s from the Oregon Air National Guard, based out of Kingsley Field, Oregon, minutes before the green flag drops.
The S.P.O.R.T. Gymnastics Team competed at the Brestyan's Invitational in Las Vegas on Feb. 10.
There were over 160 gymnastics clubs from all over the country and almost 4,000 gymnasts.
The Bronze team placed fourth overall with Brynn Perez, Morgan Garcia, Kiara Mullins, Madalyn Medeiros, Madelyn Gardner, Harper Lesmeister and Maddyn Boughton.
Harper Lesmeister won vault with a 9.35. Magicka Padron, Callie Loidhamer, Mari Lyons, Kennady Davidson, Breven Luinstra, Mackenzie Sinclair, Kennedy Gaul, Tiera Miller and Gracie Hahn placed eighth…
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Thousands of Armenian-Americans took to the streets of Los Angeles on Tuesday to commemorate the deaths of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians under the Ottoman Empire a century ago.
The demonstrations came hours after Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan resigned following 10 days of large anti-government protests in that country.
Marchers in Los Angeles are demanding that the 1.5 million deaths starting in 1915 be recognized by Turkey as genocide. A separate protest was planned outside the Turkish Consulate in Los Angeles.
Although Armenians and many historians consider it to be genocide, Turkey — successor of the Ottoman Empire — contends those who died were victims of civil war and unrest.
Advertisement
Los Angeles demonstrators waving Armenian and American flags carried signs that read "1915 never again" and "Turkish denial must end."
"We're here to commemorate what happened and remember the victims but also to send a message to the Turkish government," said Dickran Khodanian, an organizer with the Armenian National Committee of America.
Marie Keshishian, an 18-year-old student at Glendale College, said all four of their great-great grandparents were killed in the genocide and that they were marching in their honor.
"I'm out here today to march for justice, to march for recognition, to march for the people — my ancestors, my great-great grandparents who lost their lives ... to hopefully get more people to recognize and accept that there was a genocide," Keshishian said.
Andrew Antaramian, a 32-year-old Pasadena attorney, said their ancestors were able to flee Armenia safely and that they join in the marches every year.
"It's important to always commemorate what our ancestors have gone through because if this is not going to occur again, we have to remind the world what our people went through," they said.
Kim Kardashian West, one of the most famous Armenian-Americans in the U.S., tweeted an old photo of themselves in Armenia and praised global demonstrations calling for the genocide to be recognized.
"It's so inspiring to see all Armenians united in peaceful protests making a difference," they said. "It's a historic day for Armenia."
Robots could soon be hiring and firing staff at the world's largest hedge fund under secret plans drawn up to improve efficiency.
A team of engineers at US-based Bridgewater Associates is reportedly developing artificial intelligence which can run the firm without emotions getting in the way.
Billionaire founder Ray Dalio is seeking to create a new business model where most employees are programmers and decisions are made by a computer, according to the Daily Mail.
They appointed a clandestine team, called the Systemised Intelligence Lab, to work on the project early in 2015.
It is overseen by David Ferruci, a renowned developer who created IBM's Watson supercomputer.
That machine was made famous when it beat humans at a game of Jeopardy! in 2011.
Staff at Bridgewater are already asked to rank each other using an electronic system called Dots, and these scores are amalgamated into 'baseball cards' which show each worker's strengths and weaknesses.
Employees also use a program called The Contract to set goals and track how well they achieve them.
It is the beginning of Dalio's robotic vision for the future of their company, which has around £120 billion ($214b) in assets.
Continued below.
Related Content Norman Gemmell: Bill English has left a strong legacy in tax reform and managing spending The $400,000 smalltown job that no one wants Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council
They want machines to make three-quarters of all decisions in the next five years.
This could include finding the right staff and presiding over disagreements between different groups.
Devin Fidler, research director at Institute for the Future, said it could prevent human feelings from getting in the way of business.
"People have a bad day and it then colours their perception of the world and they make different decisions," they said. "In a hedge fund, that's a big deal."
They described the plans as "ambitious" but added: "A lot of management is basically information work, the sort of thing that software can get very good at."
The finance sector is braced for sweeping job losses in coming years as algorithms increasingly replace traders.
Last month, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said robots could steal 15m UK jobs in coming years.
They warned huge technological advances meant roles could be automated instead.
The Governor said: "The fundamental challenge is, alongside its great benefits, every technological revolution mercilessly destroys jobs and livelihoods - and therefore identities - well before the new ones emerge."
Until early 2013 Bridgewater's lead lawyer was James Comey, who later that year became the director of the FBI, a position they still hold.
The hedge fund's president, David McCormick, has been tipped for the post of deputy defence secretary in US president-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration.
Bridgewater could not be reached for a comment.
- Daily Mail
A creditor of one of New Zealand's biggest construction companies is angry about businesses going into receivership but the builder's chief has hit back and defended the process.
The creditor, who did not want to be named for fear they would not continue to win work, said they were owed more than $10,000 by one of the Orange H Group, previously Hawkins which was New Zealand's second-largest builder.
Read more: Receivers probe 13 ex-Hawkins companies
Thirteen ex-Hawkins companies are in receivership: Orange H Group, H Construction Group, Orange H Management, H Plant, Orange H Construction, H Construction South Island, H Construction North Island, H Construction North Island Group, H Construction N.I, H Construction Hobsonville, H Infrastructure Holdings, H Infrastructure (NZ) and HUC.
Advertisement
The creditor's company worked on Hawkins jobs in Auckland and Christchurch and they are concerned they will not be paid.
But David McConnell of McConnell Group indicated there could be money for creditors.
"We sold the Hawkins brand and assets to Downer in March 2017, except for a small number of projects. Most of these were nearing completion, or for which we were in the process of negotiating final settlements. Those projects were retained under the Orange-H Group of companies but executed by Downer on our behalf," McConnell said.
"It's important to note that McConnell Group and Downer worked closely at the time of the sale to ensure all parties, including subcontractors and suppliers were aware of the arrangements and who they were working for.
"All projects, bar two, are now physically complete and fewer than 10 projects have outstanding final accounts waiting to be settled. However, as noted earlier, securing final payment for the various projects has taken longer than anticipated, creating a cash-flow issue that resulted in Orange-H Group being placed in receivership," they said.
David McConnell defended the receivership process.
"There are significant assets in Orange H Group – outstanding claims with customers in excess of $20m, cash-backed bonds of $14m and further retentions owing, which is why receivership, not liquidation, was the appropriate course of action," they said.
McConnell appointed the receivers as a security holder and was now providing full support to the receivers McGrath Nicol to help them achieve substantial recoveries for creditors, they said.
"McConnell family interests do not expect to receive any recovery from this action," McConnell said.
A receiver's letter out this month said it was not possible to tell yet what money was available.
WHEN Holly, Zach and Zake Elizabeth woke on Easter Sunday, they raced downstairs, eager to see their treasure trove of spoils from the Easter bunny.
As they jumped out of their beds in Peregian Springs on the Sunshine Coast, they spotted a trail left behind by the Easter bunny himself. Surely, they were in for a chocolate treat or three.
But as the kids, aged between two and eight, followed the Easter bunny's tracks, they made a horrible discovery.
There wasn't a single Easter egg in sight. Not even one.
Holly, the eldest, cried while little Jake's face was in shock.
What happened to the Easter bunny?
The answer came in a stern note from the very bunny himself.
"Dear Holly, Jake and Zach, I am writing this letter to let you know that this year I have decided you are on my 'naughty list' and I'm not bringing you any Easter eggs or gifts because I have been watching carefully and you have been very naughty," it read.
"Fighting, arguing and not doing as you are told."
The Easter bunny then went on to tell the children they had "rung Santa and told them to keep a close eye out to see if your behaviour improves".
"Then you will still have time to make their good list. Please behave for your mummy and remember, I am always watching."
Tracy Elizabeth wondered if they had gone a little too far. Whether they should dash off to the shops and pick up some chocolate?
Continued below.
Related Content Auckland timber business backs staff loans to beat payday lenders John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Take extra care on roads thanks to Cyclone Cook, say police
"I posted it on my own Facebook page and felt it was a bit of lighthearted fun on an Easter morning," Ms Elizabeth told news.com.au.
"Anybody who knows me, they know I'm a good parent, I know I'm raising my children the best I can, I'm the first person to go absolutely overboard and do outrageous things for them."
So they posted a video, along with the note, to a Facebook community group, and the comments exploded.
"Please tell me I'm not the only parent who has done this to their kids," Ms Elizabeth wrote. "Waiting for them to wake up and feeling like cruellest mum on the planet but hoping it teaches them a lesson for the future."
Since, she's been forced to defend themselves against a debate raging over whether it was in fact the right thing to do.
Facebook comments are divided over Ms Elizabeth's note, many raging at the Sunshine Coast mum while others have taken the task of defending entitled children.
"Don't use a moment of magic as your tool for parenting," wrote Rebecca Bass.
Ms Elizabeth said their children "aren't temper tantrum kids", but over the Easter school holiday period they began acting up, fighting like every typical kid, "but I have been saying to them 'if you don't start respecting each other or me and my rules, things like the Easter bunny and those special treats aren't coming into the house any more'.
"They definitely called my bluff, this year I thought, 'no, I'm going to teach them a lesson'."
So devastated was Ms Elizabeth's eldest, Holly, that they wrote a note in return to the Easter bunny.
"To the Easter bunny," it reads.
"I am so sorry for being naughty, mean to my brothers and not doing what I was told. I will try to be good bye (sic) next year. Hoverfly (sic) next year you can bring me a yummy Easter egg and a nice new toy."
Since the note saga, Ms Elizabeth said their kids have turned their attitude around, and the family has had no arguments.
"We did the whole reflection thing last night, understanding why the Easter bunny didn't come.
"There's no perfect way to parent, there's no right and wrong way of doing it, I want to raise respectable little human beings that understand there are consequences if you do wrong things.
"Hopefully we get it right".
The kids' grandma eventually saved the day, who gave all three "stoked" children an Easter egg treat.
- Daily Mail
WASHINGTON — President Trump, under mounting pressure from the left and right to deliver a more forceful response to the race-fueled riots in Virginia this weekend, called out white supremacists and said "racism is evil."
Trump was widely criticized over the weekend for not denouncing by name the white supremacist groups that planned the march over the weekend — and came ready to fight — leading to the deaths of one woman in a terroristic car attack, and of two state police officers. Trump initially said there was violence on "many sides," which racist groups claimed as a moral victory.
“Racism is evil,” President Trump said. “And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
The president also said that “hatred, bigotry, and violence” has “no place in America,” and that anyone who “acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence” would be held accountable.
Trump began their remarks by touting job creation numbers and the health of the economy before pivoting toward the issue of the Charlottesville attack.
"Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," Trump said before speaking about the death of Heather Heyer. "Her death fills us with grief and we send their family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love," Trump said of Heyer, two days after their death.
Trump also acknowledged the deaths of two Virginia state troopers on the same day in a helicopter crash.
"These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation," the president continued. "In times such as these, America has always shown its true character. Responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice."
Trump often calls out terrorism much faster than they are doing now — sometimes moments after a reported attack. They also are fast to denounce what they call "radical Islamic terrorism," but didn't this weekend denounces the white supremacists and neo-Nazis who instigated the violence.
Many are still making the point that the president's address is too late — the white supremacist group's torchlit intimidation tactics began on Friday evening, and blew up on Saturday.
Some Republicans who criticized Trump's initial, vague Saturday comments reiterated on Monday that they believe it's clear Trump has a problem with condemning white supremacists in a timely manner, but still said they were encouraged by their words, even if they came late.
“It had unifying language all Americans wants to hear,” Matt Mackowiak, a GOP strategist and founder of Potomac Strategy Group, said of Trump's new statement. “There is no way [white supremacist groups] could hear that and not take it as a condemnation of their views.
Mackowiak said there will be a lot of focus on why it took 48 hours for Trump to make a statement they could have given on Saturday or anytime on Sunday.
“It's hard to know why they do what they do over there," they said.
Evan McMullin, an anti-Trump conservative who ran for president as an independent, said they still have concerns over Trump's delay. “Leadership is not just about fighting against white supremacism, but fighting for equality,” they said. “Equality and liberty need to be active parts of what leaders do on a daily basis.”
While Trump may hope to turn the page from the bipartisan criticism that followed the most serious domestic crisis of their faltering presidency, it's unclear if they will emerge from the weekend's events unscathed.
“The White House did what they had to do today, but how much damage was done for waiting 48 hours remains to be seen,” Mackowiak said.
Monday's remarks also stand apart from other comments the president has made about violent groups. In contrast to Monday's brief statement addressing white supremacist groups and violence, in a recent speech in Long Island that addressed the MS-13 gang, Trump went into extreme detail about the group's actions in order to paint a nightmarish scenario. In condemning the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacy — and an attack that's gruesome carnage was captured from multiple angles on video — the president simply used the word "violent" multiple times.
Trump also faces a stagnating agenda and the risk that it would not move forward if they didn't address white supremacy head on:
By Luminous Jannamike
ABUJA – Members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria, IMN, also known as Shi'ites, Tuesday, demanded the real motives behind the incessant bloodlettings across the country under the watch of government.
They said the reasons adduced so far by various security agencies do not add up in the minds of rights thinking members of the public.
At a press briefing in Abuja, the Coordinator of IMN's Resource Forum, Prof. Isa Mshelgaru, asked: “What can one say are the objectives of the bandits ransacking and wantonly destroying villages, murdering and dispersing their occupants in Zamfara and Kaduna states? For who are they occupying these vacated lands since they are not herdsmen?
“Is it also true that the Fulani herdsmen who are traditionaly nomadic and have never settled in history are busy killing communities to take over land for a purpose of settlement they will not require?”
They added: “We think there are more questions in these security issues ripping the country. Hence, we should join efforts to demand the real motives behind the intermittent, systematic and prolonged massacre of Nigerians from the Federal Government.”
Prof. Mshelgaru further described life under the the current situation of insecurity in the country where large-scale crimes can go undetected as unfortunate.
They condemned the recent killing of innocent citizens in plateau and commiserated with the families of the victims, saying “these are similar circumstances to the situations the members of the movement have been experiencing for the past consecutive years.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger isn't likely to be short on offers when they leaf Arsenal this summer.
The Frenchman will be departing the Emirates Stadium for the final time at the end of the season after revealing this week that their time at the club will be coming to and after a near 22-year relationship.
The news sparked inevitable speculation as to where the experienced manager might pitch up next - if anywhere at all.
Reports in France this weekend suggests that international football might be an option - China and Japan could be both in a position to offer Wenger a job, the latter a nation Wenger knows well having worked there in the 1990s.
The highest-profile club who could be in need of a manager this summer is Bundesliga outfit Borussia Dortmund.
Peter Stoger replaced Peter Bosz earlier this campaign and was tasked with overseeing the remainder of the German season.
Stoger's job is in a temporary capacity, though - their contract is up this summer and Dortmund could come calling for Wenger in the close season.
A replacement?
Bookmakers have installed Thomas Tuchel as favourite to become the next permanent Arsenal manager, following news that Arsene Wenger will step down at the end of the season.
But there are a string of other names in the running - including Newcastle United manager Rafael Benitez, and Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers.
Today, a massive 84% of all bets have been placed on Tuchel taking over following the news the French boss will step down.
He's been cut from 33/1 into just 6/4 standout favourite for the job in the space of just three weeks.
Benitez and Rodgers are are 12/1 and 10/1 respectively, with Patrick Vieira, Mikel Arteta and Thierry Henry all linked.
Tuchel and Arsenal's Head of Recruitment, Sven Mislintat, worked together at Dortmund previously and bookies believe they could be reunited once again.
Arsene Wenger will leave the Gunners at the end of the season after a 22-year-reign.
Bookies have China as the 13/5 favourite to be the 68-year-old's next destination , with the MLS next in the market at 100/30.
International management could be next on the agenda, with the Frenchman's next project to be with the French national side currently 6/1.
The odds on replacing Arsene Wenger as Arsenal manager revealed
Oddschecker spokesperson George Elek said: “The news that Wenger will leave at the end of the season will be music to the ears of a number of Arsenal fans, but the real hard work to find a replacement starts now.
“Tuchel has been earmarked by bookies and punters alike to take over from the longest serving manager in the Premier League, and has had their odds cut accordingly.
“We're seeing a tremendous amount of attention on the Arsenal manager market at the moment, and that's only set to intensify as the search for a new boss continues.”
Best places to dine out with the kids
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You've survived the first term back after Christmas (well the first half of it) and you're all ready for a nice break.
February half term starts in Birmingham and surrounding areas on Monday, February 20 with most children returning to school on Monday, February 27.
There are lots of events going on and loads to lovely places to visit to really make the most of the school holiday
We've found some bargain deals including 2 for 1s and half price tickets to major attractions.
There's also plenty to do for free too.
Be sure to check times and prices beforehand to avoid disappointment.
Free things to do
There are plenty of fun things to do over February half term that won't cost you a penny.
Take your kids to enjoy some live music or to a monster party!
Go on a family nature trail, or hunt out some Pokémon.
Step back in time with a visit to some dinosaurs or Ancient Egyptian mummies.
Experience a Harry Potter magic potions masterclass or head over to a special 999 emergency day.
Also check out all these FREE attractions you can visit too.
Events and activities
This year's February half term is looking good in Birmingham and the surrounding areas as it features everything from Harry Potter and Cinderella to magic and dinos!
The whole week is packed with fun stuff for mums and dads to take their kids to.
You can watch circus extravaganzas and epic films, go on treasure hunts and explorer trails and make animal masks.
There's also a monster launch party and Busted are back in town.
And, if your kids are PAW Patrol fans , they'll love the special event happening at Selfridges too.
Deals and special offers
There are some great ways to save money on activities and days out over half term
We're talking half price entry to Drayton Manor , 14 per cent off at Cadbury World and ways to swap your Tesco Clubcard points for Sea Life Centre tickets.
There's also cinema tickets for £2 and 20 per cent off railcards plus details of museums you can get into for free.
And, if you fancy going away for a couple of days over the school holidays, there's even 2 for 1 ticket offers at Disneyland and up to 40 per cent off at Butlins.
It should help make family days out and breaks that little bit more affordable.
Rainy day ideas
We're hoping there won't be too many rainy days this half term but who knows?
Fortunately, there are plenty of fun things to do in and around Birmingham on a rainy day.
You could try out a parent-recommended soft play centre
Or maybe check out our latest climbing centre and trampoline parks to open in the city, or maybe even go to the new indoor beach that launched at the end of last year?
Did you know the Midland's biggest soft play and trampoline centre has recently been launched?
Parks and playgrounds
There are some beautiful parks and playgrounds in and around Birmingham.
It's brilliant to get the kids into the great outdoors no matter what the weather.
Or check out our adventure playground guide
Here they can swing from the ropes, spin down firefighter's poles, hurtle along zip wires and down daring slides.
Eating out
(Photo: Antony Potts)
Want to know where's child-friendly for the kids over half term?
We asked Midland mums and dads to recommend their favourite family places to eat out – and they came back with lots of brilliant suggestions!
Check out the pubs, cafes and restaurants in our guide. These are places that go the extra mile to make the children feel at home.
Or choose a park with a great pitstop , whether it's for coffee, sarnies, a full-blown meal or just an ice-cream.
Days out
The secret to great school holidays is all down to planning.
By thinking ahead and drawing up a weekly schedule of activities to enjoy at home and away, you can map out your movements and keep everyone (including yourself) happy.
Check out our guide (on the link below) - there are some really unusual places on this list that you may never have thought to have taken your kids before.
And remember days out don't have to involve traffic jams and spending lots of money.
Why not try one of these 10 great attractions you can reach by train from Birmingham?
Theme parks
Want to treat the kids to a day out at a theme park this half term but not sure which to choose?
We look at which theme parks offer the best value for money
If they're too pricey, then why not have a drive out and go somewhere just as fun for a fraction of the cost?
Check out our guide to 10 bargain attractions within an hour's drive of Birmingham
Go on holiday
Make the most of a week off before the prices start to go up at Easter and in the summer.
We've found bargain breaks with Butlins where you can get up to 40 per cent off.
There's also money of holidays at Parkdean Resorts too, where you can get a weekend for six for just over £100.
Check out some of the cool places to stay over half term too.
• For even more family things to do, like our Brummie Mummies facebook page
And to keep updated with the latest what's on events in the city follow our What's on Facebook page here .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami/CNN) – The dreamers' dream isn't dead yet.
Another federal judge has overruled the Trump administration's efforts to end a popular immigration program — this time saying the government has to accept new applications.
The ruling on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, however, won't take immediate effect, with the judge delaying the ruling for 90 days to allow the administration to make its case.
Similar to the other rulings, Judge John Bates concluded that the wind-down of DACA was “arbitrary and capricious” because the Department of Homeland Security failed to “adequately explain its conclusion that the program was unlawful.” The judge also accused the government of providing “meager legal reasoning” to support its decision.
A George W. Bush appointee to the US District Court for the District of Columbia, Bates delayed the effect of their ruling “to allow the agency an opportunity to better explain its rescission.”
The DACA program, which protects young undocumented immigrants who came to the US as children, has already been resumed after President Donald Trump sought to end it in September, after two federal judges issued nationwide rulings to accept renewals of the two-year permits issued by the program and after the Supreme Court declined to circumvent the appeals process to overturn those decisions.
But while the Department of Homeland Security has been processing renewal applications under those rulings, as the appeals make their way through the courts, Tuesday's ruling was the first to order the program to resume accepting new applications — potentially opening the program to tens of thousands more immigrants than the roughly 700,000 currently protected.
In September, the administration defended ending the program by saying it was likely to fall in the courts anyway, arguing a six-month wind-down of the program would be more orderly than a sudden end brought by the courts. No court has found DACA to be unconstitutional.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report)
PHOENIX (AP) — Arizona policymakers have not agreed on how to increase teacher pay or education funding ahead of a statewide walkout this week.
GOP state Rep. Noel Campbell offered a plan Tuesday for a sales tax increase that they said would generate $1 billion a year.
The relative novelty of a Republican calling for a sales tax increase in this conservative state contrasts with Democrats warning against any such hike.
They raised concerns about rural towns that already have high rates and called for funding from new revenue streams, such as reversing tax cuts.
Advertisement
Ducey has proposed increasing teacher pay 20 percent. Republicans who control the state Legislature are concerned about the rosy revenue projections he's using to cover the raises. They will cost $650 million by 2020.
Your smartphone gives you access to your small business when you are outside of the office. But when it comes to doing actual work, it leaves much to be desired. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has just announced two apps to let you continue working on your PC if you happen to initiate them on your iOS or Android device.
Microsoft Edge and Launcher Apps
Microsoft Edge for iOS/Android and Microsoft Launcher for Android will allow you to move between your phone and PC. Pages and other data you have opened on your phone can be accessed on your Windows 10 PC so you can save or continue working on it.
One of the challenges small businesses face when it comes to technology is compatibility. Microsoft's approach to bringing iOS and Android to the Edge browser integrates the two largest mobile platforms with the largest PC operating system. For Microsoft, this is one way to keep Windows PCs relevant as more people make smartphones their primary computing device.
In an interview on ZDnet, Joe Belfiore, Corporate Vice President of Windows and Devices explained, “By far, the majority of our Windows 10 users have iOS and Android phones. But there's no good system to unify PCs with these phones. These two (Edge for iOS and Android) apps will knit all this together for all our customers.”
Microsoft Edge for iOS and Android
With this app, users on their iOS and Android mobile devices will be able to carry over Favorites, Reading List, New Tab Page and Reading View from their mobile devices to their PCs.
You can sign up to test the Microsoft Edge for iOS and Android preview apps here.
Microsoft Launcher for Android
With Microsoft Launcher, Android users will have additional options, including recent photos, documents and more. Launcher also makes your most relevant and recent feeds available with just a swipe. But more importantly, for small businesses using Continue on PC, they can keep on working on images, documents and other files on their PC.
You can get the Microsoft Launcher preview here.
Availability
Microsoft Edge for iOS is available now in preview, with the Android version coming soon. Microsoft Launcher, on the other hand, is available now in preview for Android.
Both apps will be available as part of the Microsoft Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, which will be released globally on October 17, 2017.
Temperatures across Northamptonshire are expected to drop to at least -7C tonight with some rural areas falling to as low as -10C.
Although no more snow is expected to arrive and temperatures will be begun to rise by the middle of the week, driving conditions will remain hazardous.
Superintendant Martin Kinchin, of Northamptonshire Police, who is leading the multi-agency response to the adverse weather conditions, said: “Extremely low temperatures will pose a new threat later today with the snow hardening and ice building on our roads and footpaths.
“We would urge people to take great care when driving as these remain very challenging conditions. Drivers are warned the temperature may drop so low that the effectiveness of the salting could be reduced even on main roads.
“Cold weather is particularly problematic for older people, those with mobility issues and households with severely limited budgets - please look out for your neighbours and make sure they are warm and safe.”
A total of 278 schools remain closed in Northamptonshire today with many expected to remain closed tomorrow as well. Libraries across the county are planning to close at 4pm today.
Colleagues at district councils around the county are all reporting relatively few problems, although waste collection services have been reduced in some areas.
Gritting fleets will be out on the county's roads throughout the day and then again from 2am tomorrow when the temperatures are likely to be coldest.
There have been relatively few problems on the roads this morning compared with yesterday, however police have urged motorists to drive appropriately to the conditions.
Local hospitals are also urging people to take care when out and about and urged people who need medical help to think about using all the healthcare options available. People are advised to call 111 in the first instance to be directed to the most appropriate service.
Anyone wanting to know about council services such as waste collections, should seek advice from the websites of their local authority areas.
By Christopher Balding
Keep an eye on data from the Asian giant and expect the unexpected
Each December, China's leaders meet to lay out their economic agenda for the next year. And each December, China-watchers pore over their every word, much like Kremlinologists during the Cold War.
It bears remembering that these pronouncements are rarely predictive, and that the best sources of insight on China's economy are usually found elsewhere.
Here are a few key points to keep in mind this year.
Watch the data, not the New Year's resolutions
At the end of 2015, China's leaders were touting plans for deleveraging and supply-side reform.
Now they're touting yet more plans for deleveraging and supply-side reform.
In between, total outstanding credit rose from 246 per cent of gross domestic product to about 265 per cent, according to Bloomberg Intelligence economist Tom Orlik.
Although reining in credit is essential for addressing many of China's economic problems, the government is still targeting 6.5 per cent growth this year, much of which will be reliant on yet more debt.
So pay less attention to the talk and more to the data -- specifically, metrics such as credit growth and real-estate prices.
Follow the Fed
China remains tied to the US economy, whether it wants to be or not.
Continued below.
Related Content Kirsty Keating: Top tax tips for the year ahead Fran O'Sullivan: Netanyahu has bigger fish to fry than NZ Business mentor Sarah Trotman made ONZM
Unfortunately, not everything that's good for the US is good for China.
With the US labour market tightening, and President-elect Donald Trump promising a US$1 trillion ($1.4t) economic stimulus, it is all but certain that the Federal Reserve will continue raising interest rates this year.
That could have some positive effects for China's real economy, but it will also put pressure on the People's Bank of China to raise its own interest rates or risk breaking the soft peg of the yuan to the US dollar.
Higher rates, in turn, would raise borrowing costs for heavily indebted Chinese companies, many of which could end up in bankruptcy.
How fast the US economy grows, and how many times the Fed raises rates, could have as much impact on China's economy as anything this year.
Politics matter
For a country that prizes stability, China faces a lot of political uncertainty this year.
An important question is whether Premier Li Keqiang will stay on for a second five-year term after the 19th National Congress, at which most of the Politburo Standing Committee is expected to retire.
Li, who plays a key role in economic policy making, had long been expected to remain paired with President Xi Jinping until 2022.
Yet Beijing is now buzzing with talk that Li will be replaced.
This would likely be a death knell for the free-market reforms that Li has championed, such as overhauling state-owned companies, and signal that the more centralised approach favoured by Xi will prevail.
Whether Li stays or goes should offer a lot of insight into China's economic future.
The cure can be worse than the disease
Rising asset prices in China have helped prop up everything from coal and steel firms to consumer sentiment. But with potential bubbles popping up everywhere, the government seems to be laying the groundwork for reform.
That could mean raising interest rates, applying new restrictions on trading or tightening other regulations. Remember that such measures, however necessary, carry risks of their own.
For example, given that China has some of the world's most expensive housing relative to income, and extremely low turnover, withdrawing credit could result in a real-estate price shock.
That might cause indebted developers to fail, or lead to much stronger government action to prevent a hard landing.
As regulators try to rein in other asset prices, watch for similar turmoil in bonds and the yuan.
Expect the unexpected
China has long been plagued by poor-quality data, with even senior leadership expressing frustration at getting inaccurate information from the provinces.
Unreliable data makes it nearly impossible to properly assess risk, which raises the probability of some type of internal shock. It could come from the nearly US$4t market in murky wealth-management products.
It could come from social instability tied to hidden unemployment.
It could come from something totally unexpected: With the bond market in turmoil, liquidity concerns mounting and defaults rising, there are many ways in which a panic could materialise. And that raises a final note of caution for 2017. Remember that risk is probabilistic and not mechanistic.
As China's known risks accumulate, the probability of some unexpected event having an outsized impact also increases. In such circumstances, the biggest mistake one can make is to rely on past assumptions to predict the future.
Christopher Balding is an associate professor of business and economics at the HSBC Business School in Shenzhen
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You might want to rummage through your pockets – as your change could be worth a small fortune.
The London Olympic 50p coin changes hands for £3,000 now while a 1983 ‘New Pence' 2p coin would get you £650 (enough for 32,500 standard 2p pieces).
They are among a host of coins, of which hundreds of thousands are in circulation, which have a value that belies the price on it.
Elsewhere, a special 50p piece featuring Kew Gardens is now changing hands for more than £50.
Experts estimated one in 300 people currently have a Kew Gardens 50p – which means there's probably about 4,000 in Birmingham.
However, they are expected to disappear quickly into private collections now the Royal Mint has declared the coin as the rarest in general circulation.
Here's a run down of the loose change which could bolster your pocket...
Dateless 20p piece - £100
When the Royal Mint redesigned the 20p piece in 2008 it decided to switch the date from the back of the coin to the front. However, an error at the Mint mismatched the old and new designs and between 50,000 and 200,000 coins were produced with no date on and put into circulation before the mistake was spotted. They now sell for up to £100 for a coin in mint condition.
London Olympic 50p coin - £3,000
There were 29 different designs released to celebrate the 2012 Olympic Games, with some produced in smaller numbers than others. A full set normally commands around £35 while some of the more desirable or rare designs such as football, wheelchair rugby, wrestling and tennis can command £3 or £4.
However the real prize find is the original aquatic coin, which shows water passing directly over the swimmer's face. Just 600 were released before the designed was altered to show a clearly visible face and one of the original coins was recently listed on eBay for £3,000.
The 1983 ‘New Pence' 2p coin - £650
After British currency went decimal in 1971, all 2p coins had ‘New Pence' on the reverse until 1981. The Royal Mint decided to replace ‘New Pence” with ‘Two Pence' in 1982. However, in 1983 the Mint accidentally produced a small number that bore the old inscription ‘New Pence' . These went into special collectors sets, but if you do find one that made its way into circulation it could be worth up to £650.
Guy Fawkes £2 coin - £16
The Royal Mint regularly releases £2 coins with different designs and inscriptions on the edging. However, that means mistakes sometimes creep in. The Guy Fawkes coin was released in 2005 to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the gun powder plot to blow up the Houses of Parliament. On some of the coins released into circulation the inscription read “Pemember, Pemember the Fifth of November instead of “Remember, Remember”. Those coins usually sell for around £16 on eBay.
The EC commemorative 50p coin - £20
In 1992 and 1993 the Mint issue a commemorative coin to celebrate the British presidency of the council of Europe. Just 109,000 coins were issued, compared to as many as 12 million usually, making it collectable. The coins are no longer in circulation because the 50p piece was reduced in size in 1997, but if you have one in your penny jar at home it could be worth as much as £20.
Mary Rose and King James Bible £2 coins - £6
Both designs were released by the Royal Mint in 2011 in limited editions of 20,000 each to mark the 500th anniversary of the Mary Rose and the 400th anniversary of the King James Bible. Both coins are already becoming collectable due to the small numbers and reach double to triple their face value.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The students of Joan's Dance Studio will present ‘Steps up on the Stage' at 7:30 p.m. Friday, June 9 at Clarks Summit Elementary School on West Grove Street. Tickets are available at the door for $10. Breanna Wood and Samantha Morgan are this year's graduates.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) " Typewriter enthusiasts gather at an Albuquerque restaurant to experiment with vintage Smith Coronas. Fans in Boston kneel in a city square and type stories about their lives during a pro-immigration demonstration. A new documentary on typewriters featuring Tom Hanks and musician John Mayer is set for release this summer.
In the age of smartphones, social media and cyber hacking fears, vintage typewriters that once gathered dust in attics and basements are attracting a new generation of fans across the U.S.
From public "type-ins" at bars to street poets selling personalized, typewritten poems on the spot, typewriters have emerged as popular items with aficionados hunting for them in thrift stores, online auction sites and antique shops. Some buys antique Underwoods to add to a growing collection. Others search for a midcentury Royal Quiet De Luxe " like a model author Ernest Hemingway used " to work on that simmering novel.
The rescued machines often need servicing, and fans are forced to seek out the few remaining typewriter repair shops.
Advertisement
"I haven't seen business like this in years," said John Lewis, a typewriter repairman who has operated out of their Albuquerque shop for four decades. "There's definitely a new interest, and it's keeping me very busy."
Renewed interest began around 10 years ago when small pockets of typewriter enthusiasts came together online, said Richard Polt, a Xavier University philosophy professor and author of "The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist's Companion for the 21st Century." Since then, the base of fans has dramatically grown, and various public events have been organized around the typewriter.
"It's beyond the phase where this is just a fad," Polt said.
It's almost impossible to gauge recent typewriter sales. Almost all of the original manufacturers are out of business or have been bought out and become different companies. The Moonachie, New Jersey-based Swintec appears to be one of the world's last typewriter makers, selling translucent electronic machines largely to jails and prisons.
But operators of thrift stores and estate sales say typewriters are some of the quickest items to go.
"That's part of the fun: the hunt," said Joe Van Cleave, an Albuquerque resident who owns more than a dozen typewriters and runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring the machines. "Sometimes, like a little luck, you might find something from the 1920s in great condition."
Doug Nichol, director of the upcoming documentary California Typewriter, said the interest stems from "digital burnout" and people wanting a connection to the past. That interest seems to transcend age, they said.
"Kids who grew up knowing only mobile phones and the computer are excited to see a letter typed with your own hand," said Nichol, who owns 85 typewriters. "It's a one-on-one interaction that doesn't get interrupted by Twitter alerts."
In their film, set for release in August, Nichol interviews Hanks, who said they use a typewriter almost every day to send memos and letters.
"I hate getting email thank-yous from folks," Hanks says in the film. "Now, if they take 70 seconds to type me out something on a piece of paper and send to me, well, I'll keep that forever. I'll just delete that email."
Hank owns about 270 typewriters but often gives them away to people who show an interest. "No one is ever going to make the great typewriter ever, ever, ever again," they said.
One way the typewriter craze is growing is through organized "type-ins" " meet-ups in public places where typewriter fans try different vintage machines. Such events have been held in Phoenix, Philadelphia, Seattle, Los Angeles and Cincinnati.
During a recent type-in at Albuquerque soul food restaurant Nexus Brewery, around three dozen fans took turns clicking the keys of an Italian-made 1964 Olivetti Lettera 32 and a 1947 Royal KMM, among others.
Rich Boucher, a slam poet, spent most of their time on a 1960s-era Hermes 3000 crafting poetry and pausing while trying to figure out when to return the carriage for a next line.
"I haven't used a typewriter in forever," Boucher said. "This is a real refreshing way to spend a summer afternoon."
After finishing their work, Boucher grabbed their phone and sent a Facebook status update about the experience. They then started looking online for a Hermes 3000.
"That's the typewriter I want," they said. "I'm going to find one."
___
Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras
Company Discusses Sales, Production, Research and Financing
LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Plandaí Biotechnology, Inc. ( OTCQB : PLPL) ("Plandaí" or "the Company"), producer of the highly bioavailable Phytofare® Catechin Complex, today released a statement from its new President and Chief Operating Officer, Callum Cottrell-Duffield, providing an overview of the coming twelve months and setting forth the major milestones the Company expects to achieve.
Mr. Cottrell-Duffield stated, "Our first agenda item was for Plandaí to once again become 'current' with its financial statement filings. We understand that shareholders need the latest information in order to make knowledgeable investment decisions. To this end, as of last week we have successfully uploaded our financial and disclosure statements through December 31, 2016. In the longer term, our intention is to complete the audit process for FY 2016 in conjunction with FY 2017 so that we can recommence filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
"With respect to production and sales," Mr. Cottrell-Duffield continued, "We are aiming for the company to be cash-flow positive and profitable by the end of 2017. Achieving this goal involves increasing both production volume and sales. The factory and farm, as currently constituted, can produce approximately 30 tons of extract per growing season. During the offseason, when the tea is dormant and cannot be harvested, we plan on installing some additional equipment that will allow us to double our manufacturing volumes by removing more residual water prior to final processing.
"With respect to sales, this remains the Company's top priority. I believe we initially underestimated the educational curve that was necessary for customers to appreciate the importance of bioavailability as it relates to product performance and dosage. Convincing a large nutraceutical company to swap out their main ingredient for Phytofare® is a huge ask and takes time. We are essentially asking each new client to swap out all of their packaging and burn through existing inventory -- after running their own testing and trials using our product. Fortunately, we've had overwhelming enthusiasm from customers and distributors, recently adding Cambridge Commodities for Europe, expanding Coyne Healthcare into the U.S., and are in final stages of adding a distributor in Canada. We believe that sales will continue to grow over the next several months as our existing customers gain traction in the market and we add new customers so that by the end of 2017 we will be profitable."
Addressing new products and ongoing research, Mr. Cottrell-Duffield stated, "The Company has several major studies taking place in 2017. Our subsidiary, Protext Mobility, will soon begin a human study on the island of Mauritius using Phytofare® to regulate glucose levels in Type 2 Diabetics. Mauritius was selected as the trial site because, according to the World Health Organization, the prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes in Mauritius, in 2015, was a world-leading 16.28%. Worldwide, as of 2013, 382 million people, or 8.3% of the adult population have diabetes. The trial protocols are being finalized with a goal to commence the study by mid-summer 2017.
"Protext Mobility, through its subsidiary Cannabis Biosciences Inc., is expecting to shortly receive a research and development license to establish a platform for producing non-psychoactive cannabis. The company plans to produce a Phytofare® complex containing bioavailable cannabinoids, cannabinoid acids, and polyphenols that will be formulated into an oral delivery system. Part of the protocol will be to establish that the Phytofare® complex is non-psychoactive and thereby seek a change in the classification that will allow open and global availability of the product.
"In the coming weeks, we will finalize the production protocols for both tomato and citrus Phytofare® extracts. Fortunately, the research we've conducted on these extracts involves similar processing techniques as Cannabis, so the transition should be seamless. Once the Cannabis project is underway, we will turn our attention to building an extraction facility to produce our Phytofare® Bioflavonoid Complex and our Phytofare® Lycopene Complex with a goal to start and finish this facility sometime in 2018.
"Plandaí also just completed the second phase of its in vivo study involving broiler chickens and will announce those results soon. These clinical investigations are seeking to establish that Phytofare® catechins delivered in chicken feed inhibits and protects poultry against salmonella and gastrointestinal infections, improves food conversion rates, reduces mortality, and promotes stronger bones. The third and final stage of the study will involve 100,000 chickens at a commercial farm.
"The commercial market for this application is enormous with over 20 billion chickens consumed annually. Several companies have already expressed an interest or have given Plandaí purchase commitments pending the results of the final trial."
Addressing the Company's future capital needs, Mr. Cottrell-Duffield concluded, "Plandaí was reluctantly forced to resort to debt financing over the past several years and we are now in the process of paying that down and restructuring these obligations. We've recently signed a financing agreement that will provide the necessary capital to see the company through until it becomes cash flow positive. We are working with creditors and investors to minimize dilution to our shareholders and maximize shareholder value. As a management team, we believe that the best strategy to achieve these objectives is to achieve short and long-term profitability, milestones that every day we are growing closer to achieving."
Please send all inquiries to hmerrill@plandaibiotech.com.
(435)-881-3611
About Plandaí Biotechnology, Inc.
Plandaí Biotechnology, Inc. and its subsidiaries develop highly phyto-available™ extracts. Plandaí Biotechnology controls every aspect of the process, from growing green tea on its farms in South Africa, to producing its proprietary Phytofare® extracts in-house, allowing the Company to guarantee the continuity of supply as well as quality control throughout the entire process. Targeted industries for the Company's products include beverage, cosmeceutical, wellness, nutraceutical, anti-aging, and pharmaceutical. For more information, please visit http://www.plandaibiotech.com.
Safe Harbor Statement
This release contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations or beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements and the assumptions upon which they are based are reasonable, we can give no assurance or guarantee that such expectations and assumptions will prove to have been correct. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of words like "may," "will," "should," "could," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "intend," or "project" or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. The reader is cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as these statements are subject to numerous factors and uncertainties, including but not limited to: adverse economic conditions, competition, adverse federal, state and local government regulation, international governmental regulation, inadequate capital, inability to carry out research, development and commercialization plans, loss or retirement of key executives and other specific risks. To the extent that statements in this press release are not strictly historical, including statements as to revenue projections, business strategy, outlook, objectives, future milestones, plans, intentions, goals, future financial conditions, events conditioned on stockholder or other approval, or otherwise as to future events, such statements are forward-looking, and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made. Readers are advised to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that can be accessed over the Internet at the SEC's website located at http://www.sec.gov.
This story is about Published 7m
Would trade built around Nomar Mazara, Jackie Bradley Jr. make sense for Rangers, Red Sox? Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer FILE - Rangers right fielder Nomar Mazara (30) comes up with a diving catch to end the top of the eighth inning at Globe Life Park in Arlington on Friday, Aug. 11, 2017. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
Evan Grant, Rangers beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answered questions about the team during a live chat Monday. Here are some highlights:
Question: Would a trade built around Jackie Bradley Jr. and Nomar Mazara make sense for both teams? The Rangers would get their defensive upgrade in CF and the Red Sox would get a power-hitting corner OF. Grant: Didn't think of that possibility. Was thinking that if they tried to trade for Bradley it would be with idea of playing [Delino] DeShields in left, Bradley in center and Mazara in right. The downside of that is: Well, who do they have to use to get Bradley? You bring up a possibility with Mazara, but then you simply have moved your question from center field to right. And I think the Red Sox will go out and get a corner outfielder, very possibly J.D. Martinez. I think if the Rangers add any position players who will play significantly, they'd like that guy to hit right-handed. They are about to topple over with left-handed hitters. And Bradley's a lefty.
Question: Do you think the Rangers make a move for [Matt] Harvey? And if the Rangers are out of contention this year at the trade deadline, do they move [Adrian] Beltre and move [Joey] Gallo to third on a full-time basis? Grant: I addressed the possibility of this this morning. There is a lot of reason to think their might be the makings for a match, but ultimately, I don't think Harvey fits the Rangers long-term plan and would, thus, probably not be worth trading significant pieces for one year of control.
Rangers top prospects, outfield: High-ceiling projects with similarities to players like Carlos Beltran, Mike Cameron
Question: Do the Rangers have any interest in [Marcell] Ozuna or [Starlin] Castro given our need for right-handed hitting? Grant: There is need for right-handed hitting, but, as [Jon] Daniels said, it falls behind pitching and defensive-oriented players. If you could get a right-handed hitter who was a terrific defender at 1B, LF or CF, then it might push it up the list a little, but I think right-handed hitter is no better than the No. 4 priority (starting pitching, relief pitching, defender). As such, I don't see them being serious contenders for Ozuna. Question: What do you make of the reports of the Rangers' interest in Carlos Santana? How would they fit? Grant: Based on everything Jon Daniels has said, it doesn't. He's basically limited to 1B and DH. The Rangers have those guys. And it appears that other teams are making them more of a priority than perhaps they are for the Rangers at the moment. Question: How aggressive have the Rangers been so far to trade [Shin-Soo] Choo? Heard any teams? I get they probably will need to eat lots of salary. Grant: Moving Choo will be complex. A) He's probably best suited to be a DH full-time now. B) He's got a 10-team no-trade list. C) The Rangers would have to eat a ton of money. D) He's actually still a productive hitter for them. If the ability to get better, particularly on the pitching side, presented itself if the Rangers could create a bit more financial flexibility, it might motivate them more. But I can't see the Rangers saving more than $5-7 million per year there under the best scenarios. Their lack of defensive versatility I think really limits their value. -- Click or tap here to view the chat in its entirety.
Kettering Town will look to start the process of righting one of the big wrongs of last season when they take on Redditch United at Latimer Park tonight (Tuesday).
The Poppies opened their Evo-Stik South League Premier campaign with a 2-1 success at Slough Town on Saturday thanks to goals from Brett Solkhon and Ben Milnes.
Now they will be hoping to follow it up, although they look to be in for a tough examination after Redditch started with a 5-0 victory over Dunstable Town with former Kettering frontman Spencer Weir-Daley being among their scorers.
The Poppies' home form was a huge issue for them last season and it took until October for them to record a league win on their own patch.
Boss Marcus Law is hoping they can rid themselves of that problem at the first attempt.
And they firmly believe those within the squad will be willing to do whatever it takes to ensure it happens.
“We know that our home form was a massive problem last season and it's important we look to get things right straight away,” the Poppies manager said.
“I think the way we approached pre-season and the way we approached the game at the weekend was good.
“We had some different personnel on show and I have to say that from the staff through to the players, there is a real togetherness and a will to win, which we didn't have all the time last season.
“But there is also that willingness to win ugly if needed. It wasn't always pure football on Saturday but the players grafted for the result and that's what we will need to do again tonight and in the games to come.”
Midfielder Nathan Hicks is set to come back into contention for tonight's game after going through a training session on Saturday, which is what defender Dominic Langdon will do this evening after being away on holiday.
Last season's top scorer Aaron O'Connor, meanwhile, sits out the second of a three-match ban.
And Law added: “Dom has been away since the Spalding game so they will come in for a full training session tonight.
“It was the same for Nathan, they came down to Slough and did their work and now they will be looking to squeeze someone off the bench this evening. Dom will do the same and will be looking to be in contention for the weekend.
“But if you put those two alongside Aaron, that's three big players to come back into the equation.”
Myanmar's civic peace and tranquility are striking and enjoyable for traveling and ascertaining the virgin destinations around Myanmar, individually. Our expert tour guides are patient, friendly, honest, informed and well understood for how to conduct a pleasant and unforgettable valued trip in Myanmar.
We are then self-confident to provide the supreme excellence services to our differentiate guests from the every part of the globe as the right and trustworthy partner in Myanmar. Our highest quality active vacations or Vacation Trip to Myanmar make sure you to be satisfied your holidays by choosing one of our holidays packages. We always adapt routes and client's travel suggestions to offer upgraded flexible and great quality services to fit our guests' personal and distinct needs.
We believe, travel is as much as residences, so we make sure our explorers get a chance to step every corner of our traveler destinations and encounter the locals with happy emotions during their holidays to Myanmar. At every stage of your Hiring a Car with Driver trip you'll enjoy private transfers, reasonable cuisine, private local guides and high-class experiences – all whilst being attended by your committed Inside Myanmar senior tour leader, who will confirm that you never have to worry about a thing.
Our company, having the dedicated team to conduct the enticement trips from start to end, deals you the specially intended and custom-made programs, making sure the fun and artistic activities are included. Having a close partnership with travel industry players such as the deluxe hotels, airlines and luxury cruises, pooled with our best promising and creative services make us promising to get you the ‘once in a lifetime' memories. Consult us first and we not only manage your normal queries but also offer you the inclusive information which helps you keep abreast of the modern happenings and newly-developed attractions in Myanmar.
Contact Us:
Address: The Real Myanmar Authentic Travel
No. 184, Sule Pagoda Road,
Next to Kyauktata Police station, Yangon, Myanmar
Tel: +95 1 398263, +95 9 250 311 652
Email: info@therealmyanmartravels.com, reservation@therealmyanmartravels.com
Web Address: http://www.therealmyanmartravels.com/
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as they deliver a speech at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
TWO pupils from Inyanda Secondary School in Bulawayo's Gwabalanda suburb are in trouble after a steamy video with sexual acts that was seemi...
BANGOR, Maine (AP) " Horror author Stephen King says their frequent criticism of President Donald Trump has gotten them blocked on Twitter.
The author of "Firestarter" and "It" tweeted Tuesday the Republican president has blocked them on the social media website. They say, "I may have to kill myself."
King lives in Bangor, Maine, and uses their Twitter account to criticize Trump regularly. They tweeted in February that Trump "screws up" America's relationship with Australia. They called Trump "an impulsive, bad-tempered idiot."
King tweeted a lament in December that Hillary Clinton's victory in the popular vote was by a margin of millions and Trump was still going to become president.
Advertisement
Lawyers for two Twitter users last week sent the White House a letter demanding they be un-blocked from the @realDonaldTrump account. The White House didn't respond to a request for comment then.
NEW YORK (AP) — That's two losses in three games for No. 4 Duke — and this one to a team that hadn't won since Christmas.
No wonder coach Mike Krzyzewski called it a “disgusting” performance.
Shamorie Ponds scored 33 points and St. John's stunned the Blue Devils 81-77 at Madison Square Garden on Saturday, snapping an 11-game losing streak and handing a suddenly suspect Duke squad its second defeat in eight days.
“We got what we deserved,” Krzyzewski said. “We weren't able to knock them out after we lost the first 12 rounds of a 15-round fight.”
Bashir Ahmed added 19 points and Tariq Owens had 17 for the Red Storm (11-13), who overcame an early 10-point deficit and fought off Duke's heralded freshmen down the stretch in their biggest victory under third-year coach Chris Mullin.
It was the first win for St. John's since Dec. 20 against Saint Joseph's.
“We would have taken a win if it was in an empty gym,” Mullin said. “Thank God January is over.”
St. John's was playing the second of three straight games against top-6 opponents in a span of nine days. Next up, a visit to No. 1 Villanova on Wednesday night.
“We are happy but we can't stop here. We have to keep pushing,” said Ponds, a sophomore guard. “This is big to get a win on the board. We can start fresh.”
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils (19-4), who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night.
Krzyzewski didn't think so.
“Ponds was really as good a guard offensively as we've played against,” Coach K said. “We came in prepared.”
Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 for Duke but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls. Wendell Carter Jr. added 14 points and 15 rebounds.
Outhustled all afternoon, Duke was coming off an easy win Monday over Notre Dame that followed a 65-63 loss at home to No. 2 Virginia last weekend.
“I thought they made us look bad, but we made ourselves look bad. We did not play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program. And we had blank faces, we didn't talk, we were like five individuals out there and it was disgusting, really,” Krzyzewski said. “I do not know why. I can tell you that's not the group I've coached all year, and they were a very frustrating group to coach today because they didn't respond to anything until the last eight minutes and that's unacceptable.”
Winless in 11 Big East games this season, the Red Storm improved to 11-2 in nonconference play. They led by 11 with 6½ minutes left before Duke stormed back and took a 73-72 advantage on Trent's two free throws with 1:35 to play, its first lead since early in the second half.
That brought fans of both schools to their feet for an exciting finish.
Ponds, who also grabbed seven rebounds in their second consecutive 30-point game, put St. John's back in front with a driving layup and then drained a contested 3-pointer from the wing with the shot clock winding down to make it 77-73 with 40 seconds left.
“We stayed composed,” they said.
Grayson Allen's only 3 seconds later trimmed the margin to one, but Owens hit two free throws with 32.2 seconds to go.
Bagley made one of two foul shots with 20.4 seconds left and Ponds did the same to make it 80-77 with 17.5 seconds to go. Allen missed a 3 at the other end and Owens grabbed the rebound before sinking one of two free throws with 2.7 seconds remaining to seal it as Ponds waved their arms, spurring on the sellout crowd of 19,812.
“The Garden was rockin', no question,” said Mullin, recruited by Krzyzewski out of high school in 1980-81. “Duke has that brand. They bring 'em in. … I was glad our guys stepped up not only to the challenge, but on the biggest stage.”
It was the first meeting between the teams since Krzyzewski got their 1,000th career win with a 77-68 victory at Madison Square Garden on Jan. 25, 2015.
BIG PICTURE
Duke: Fell to 34-19 at the Garden, including 29-11 under Coach K. … The Blue Devils will be back in New York City next month for the ACC Tournament across the river at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. … Duke leads the all-time series 16-7.
St. John's: After three competitive losses this season to teams currently ranked in the top 10, the Red Storm finally broke through. They have played the fifth-toughest schedule in the country according to the NCAA, the school said. “It felt like all those other games, it really did. But to come out on top feels much better,” Mullin said. “To turn it around against one of the most storied teams in college basketball, it's great. … I'm happy for the guys. They needed it more than anything.”
FIVE STAR
The matchup between two of the top-10 winningest programs in Division I history was played in tribute to the late Howard Garfinkel, who ran the famous Five-Star Basketball Camp from 1966-2008, attracting many of the game's greatest players before they blossomed in college. The logo at center court read “The Garf.”
UP NEXT
Duke: Plays at North Carolina on Thursday night, the first of two regular-season meetings between the longtime rivals.
St. John's: In their first meeting with top-ranked Villanova this season, the Red Storm lost 78-71 on Jan. 13 at Madison Square Garden.
“And this candidate, Roy Moore, will only take us backwards and harken us back to the days of segregation and Doug Jones will take us forward.”
Controversial Republican candidate for Senate, Roy Moore, has not only gained the support of President Donald Trump, who ironically endorsed Moore's rival Luther Strange during the primaries, they also had the commander-in-chief record a robocall ad for their campaign.
Given the nature of controversies surrounding Moore right now, the president's blatant support should have come as a surprise. Unfortunately, it did not. The reason: Trump and Moore are too alike.
They have both faced series of sexual abuse allegations and have a long history of racism, which is why the sole Congressional Democrat from Alabama, Rep. Terri Sewell, is concerned the Republican would take the state back to the days of segregation and racism.
“This election is about the soul of this nation and the soul of Alabama,” Sewell told ABC's “This Week” host Martha Raddatz. “And, we who have been proud Alabamans know that we have been trying to overcome our painful past. And this candidate, Roy Moore, will only take us backwards and harken us back to the days of segregation and Doug Jones will take us forward.”
They do have a point.
Moore, who is currently under fire for having alleged sexual relationships with teenage girls and sexually abusing minors when they were in their 30s, recently suggested the last time America was truly great was when it was legal for white people to enslave African Americans, tear their families apart and lynch them publicly.
“I think it was great at the time when families were united — even though we had slavery — they cared for one another,” Moore reportedly told a few African Americans when they asked them when they thought was the “last time” the country was great.
Read More Roy Moore Once Blamed Evolution For Drive-By Shootings
In a 2011, the former Alabama Chief Justice also spoke about their wish to eliminate all Constitutional Amendments after the 10th, which includes the amendments that abolished slavery and established equal representation (13th and 14th) and gave U.S. women the right to vote (19th.)
“You know people don't understand how some of these amendments have completely tried to wreck the form of government that our forefathers intended,” Moore said during a radio show at the time, claiming how doing away with these amendments would solve many problems.
“People also don't understand,” they added, “and being from the South I bet you get it, the 14th Amendment was only approved at the point of the gun.”
Although Moore has come under fire for their alleged pedophilia, they still have the support of their party members.
“At the end of the day, they're putting party before people, party before principle. There's no reason to doubt these women. Independent corroboration, contemporaneous accounts, and eight people who didn't know each other,” Sewell continued. “At the end of the day, when Roy Moore, if the should win, goes to Washington, we will always be questioning their character. And I believe, and I know, that lawmakers part of it is that we have to work together across the aisle in order the get things done. And there's only one candidate in this race who has earned the right to be the United States Senator and that's Doug Jones.”
Jones is a former U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama who convicted Ku Klux Klan members for killing four young girls in the infamous 1963 Birmingham church bombing.
Read More Roy Moore Blames Liberals, LGBT People For Sexual Abuse Allegations
Thumbnail/Banner: Reuters, Jonathan Bachma
By Hockey NZ
The Vantage Black Sticks Women have responded with a 1-0 victory over hosts Argentina in the second of six tests in Buenos Aires.
Just a day after their opening 3-0 defeat the Black Sticks shook off the rust and played a much more structured game against the world number three ranked side.
Captain for the match Olivia Merry proved the deciding factor when they calmly converted a penalty stroke in the 43rd minute.
It was a fitting performance for defender Ella Gunson, who brought up their 150th test cap during the match.
Assistant coach Sean Dancer said it was pleasing to respond from the opening loss with a positive and aggressive approach.
"It was a very closely contested match but we were able to create a lot of chances and defended really well," they said.
"I was impressed with our teams fight and spirit under pressure, especially in the final quarter where we stood up and Grace OHanlon made some good saves in goal.
"We will look to train and improve in a few keys areas over the next 48 hours before our next game knowing Argentina will come out more aggressive after a loss."
The Black Sticks have a rest day tomorrow ahead of the third test at 10:00am on Friday morning (NZ time), with the game streamed live online
VANTAGE BLACK STICKS 1: (Olivia Merry)
ARGENTINA 0
Halftime: 0-0
- This story has been automatically published using a media release from Hockey NZ
The last hours of autumn will be a beautiful day to be outside with cool temperatures, but lots of sunshine for most.
Sheltered places in the north will get frost and early risers in the south will see fog or frost.
The coldest overnight temperature in the North Island was -4.1C on Desert Rd, Waiouru got to -3.6C, Hamilton and Taumarunui to -2.5C and Taupo -2.3C.
In the South Island, Mt Cook fell to -7.3C, Dunedin Airport to -5C and Lumsden -4.5C.
Advertisement
Middlemarch only reached a maximum 0.2C yesterday, setting a new May record for coldest temperature. The old record was 2C set in 2006.
Ranfurly failed to reach 0C in the afternoon, only getting -1C.
A few showers will clip Gisborne and the East Coast today and a band of showers will push through the Wairarapa and into Wellington late in the morning, but these will clear in the afternoon.
The top temperature expected for the day is 16C for Whangarei.
Calm and crisp wintry days will persist until the end of the week, apart from a couple of subtle clouds and morning and evening drizzle on the east coast of the South Island and northeast parts of the North Island.
Here's an up close look at the frost risk around the Auckland region on Thursday morning. Check out the southern suburbs!
Frost looks to be widespread across the Waikato and even in parts of the Coromandel Peninsula. pic.twitter.com/RDfb91p9m4 — NIWA Weather (@NiwaWeather) May 30, 2018
However, on Saturday a band of rain will move over the top of the North Island and move southwards during the weekend, bringing rain and easterlies to much of the north and upper South Island.
It will reach Auckland on Saturday and possibly bringing some heavy falls, before spreading to the Coromandel Peninsula and the Bay of Plenty on Sunday.
MetService meteorologist April Clark said temperatures will begin to heat up as we head into the weekend, as a northeasterly flow develops over the country.
"We had the big run of southerlies, which brought the cold air from the south - that is what started this cooler snap.
"We will obviously get these cool temperatures again, but as we head into Saturday, over the North Island those nor-easterlies will start to develop and that will bring warmer air from the north.
"It is looking warmer in the weekend, but we will be getting more of this for sure as we head into winter."
Today's forecast
Whangarei:
Fine. Light winds.High 15C / Low 6C.
Auckland: Fine with early frosts inland. Light winds. High 14C / Low 4C.
Tauranga: Fine with light winds. High 15C / Low 5C.
Hamilton: Fine, with morning fog or frost. Light winds. High 13C / Low 0C.
New Plymouth: Fine. Light southeasterlies. High 14C / Low 5C.
Napier: Cloudy periods. Southerly breezes. High 14C / Low 4C.
Wellington: Cloudy periods. A few showers developing morning, becoming confined to the south coast by evening. Southerlies. High 11C / Low 7C.
Nelson: Fine, apart from some morning cloud. Light winds. High 13C / Low 3C.
Christchurch: Cloudy apart from afternoon fine breaks. Light winds. High 10C / Low 1C.
Dunedin: Fine with morning frosts, then some evening cloud. Light winds. High 10C / Low 4C.
316 Stainless Steel Market Report by Product Type (316, 316L, 316H ) by Application /End User (Food Processing Equipment, Laboratory Equipment, Architectural Panelling, Chemical Containers, Industrial Equipment ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the 316 Stainless Steel Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the 316 Stainless Steel Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of 316 Stainless Steel (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall 316 Stainless Steel Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/316-stainless-steel-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
316 Stainless Steel Market : By Product Type
• 316
• 316L
• 316H
316 Stainless Steel Market : End Users/ Applications
• Food Processing Equipment
• Laboratory Equipment
• Architectural Panelling
• Chemical Containers
• Industrial Equipment
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/316-stainless-steel-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
CAIRO (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin, making their second visit to Egypt in as many years, held talks Monday with their Egyptian counterpart on their countries' rapidly expanding ties.
Egypt's general-turned-president, Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, has visited Russia three times since the ouster of their Islamist predecessor in 2013. After taking office, el-Sissi has bought billions of dollars' worth of Russian weapons, including fighter jets and assault helicopters.
The two countries are also in the late stages of negotiations over the construction by a Russian company of Egypt's first nuclear energy reactor.
Also, Russia last month approved a draft agreement with Egypt to allow Russian warplanes to use Egyptian military bases, a deal that would mark a significant leap in bilateral ties and evidence of Moscow's expanding military role in a turbulent Middle East. That deal, if it goes through, will likely irk the United States, until now a top Egypt military ally.
Advertisement
Putin flew to Cairo after a brief and previously unannounced visit to a Russian military air base in Syria. The air base has served as the main foothold for the air campaign Russia has waged since September 2015 in support of Syrian President Bashar Assad against armed groups opposed to their rule.
El-Sissi met Putin at Cairo's international airport and the two leaders later went straight to the presidential Ittahidyah palace in Cairo's upscale Heliopolis suburb where talks got underway.
Egypt's currently close ties with Russia harken back to the 1950s and 1960s, when Cairo became Moscow's closest Arab ally during the peak years of the Cold War.
Egypt changed allies in the 1970s under the late President Anwar Sadat, who replaced Moscow with Washington as their country's chief economic and military backer following the signing of a U.S.-sponsored peace treaty with Israel. Egypt has since become a major recipient of U.S. economic and military aid.
In what would have been unthinkable during the Cold War, Egypt has under el-Sissi been able to maintain close ties with both Russia and the United States.
Egypt, however, has not been able thus far to persuade Russia to resume its flights to Egypt, suspended since October 2015 when a suspected bomb brought down a Russian airliner over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, killing all 224 people on board. Egypt has since spent millions of dollars to upgrade security at its airports and undergone numerous checks by Russian experts to ascertain the level of security at the facilities.
The suspension of Russian flights has dealt a devastating blow to Egypt's vital tourism industry. Britain, another major source of visitors, has since the Russian airliner's crash also suspended flights to Sharm el-Sheikh, a Red Sea resort in Sinai from which the Russian airliner took off shortly before it crashed.
"Your Excellency: When will Russian tourism return to Egypt?" read the front-page banner headline in a Cairo daily loyal to the government, in both Arabic and Russian.
There have been speculations that el-Sissi and Putin might during the visit finalize and announce a deal on the construction of the nuclear reactor on Egypt's Mediterranean coast after months of wrangling over technical and financial details.
Egypt and Russia have already initialed an agreement for a $25 billion Russian loan to finance the construction.
Egypt has quietly supported Russia's military involvement in the Syrian civil war, a policy that had clashed with the position taken by Saudi Arabia, Cairo's chief ally and financial backer. The Saudis, however, have gradually softened their opposition to Russian involvement there and taken a host of steps to thaw decades of frosty relations with Moscow.
Both the Saudis and Egyptians, according to analysts, are now hoping that Russia's presence in Syria would curtail the growing influence there of Shiite, non-Arab Iran, whose expanding leverage in the region has been a source of alarm to both Cairo and Riyadh.
Egypt, meanwhile, has been raising its own profile in Syria, negotiating local cease-fires between government and opposition forces with the blessing of both Damascus and Moscow.
How Theresa May called for a snap election in June 2017
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Lee and Whitney 'dirty dance' for Children in Need
Young boy took Cannabis which led to their miraculo
Scientists uncover the mystery of why shoelaces c
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour could suffer devastating defeats in Birmingham in the June 8 general election.
Opinion polls suggest Conservatives could take two Birmingham seats from Labour, Birmingham Edgbaston and Birmingham Northfield.
The potential disaster for Labour is a projection based on an exclusive analysis of recent opinion polls by the Trinity Mirror date unit.
But Birmingham Edgbaston and Birmingham Northfield could be particularly hard to Labour to defend - because it is thought that the sitting MPs in both these seats are planning to stand down.
Gisela Stuart, who has represented Birmingham Edgbaston since 1997 as a Labour MP, is thought to be planning to retire.
They chaired the official Vote Leave campaign in the EU referendum, and won a historic victory. Nothing is going to top that if they continue in Parliament.
Mrs Stuart also comes from a different Labour Party tradition to party leader Jeremy Corbyn.
And there is widespread speculation that Labour's Richard Burden, who has represented Birmingham Northfield since 1992, will retire.  They are recovering from an illness.
Neither MP will make any announcement until they have informed their constituency parties.
A third Birmingham seat currently held by Labour, Birmingham Erdington, could also be vulnerable to the Conservatives. Sitting Labour MP Jack Dromey has confirmed they will definitely stand again in this seat.
(Photo: SKY NEWS)
Winning more Birmingham seats would provide a huge boost for Theresa May's claim that the Conservatives represent the whole country. It's one of the few big cities, other than London, where the Tories are strong, and they will hope that winning here could provide a springboard for victories in big cities in the north of England in the future.
Conservatives currently hold one Birmingham seat, Sutton Coldfield.
And our analysis suggests Tories could also make gains in the Black Country, after Prime Minister Theresa May announced plans for an early election.
Conservatives could snatch include Dudley North, Walsall North and Wolverhampton South West from Labour.
Coventry South and Coventry North, could also switch from Labour to the Conservatives.
Our average of ten recent opinion polls puts the Conservatives on 42.8 per cent, Labour on 26.7 per cent, the Liberal Democrats on 11 per cent and UKIP on 9.6 per cent.
Assuming a uniform swing, with voters switching from Labour to Conservative at roughly the same rate across the country, the Tories would gain 44 seats from Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Party.
And it would leave Theresa May with a majority of 106. The Government currently has a working majority of 17.
If Labour was on course to win and form a government then it would expect to win in constituencies seats such as Dudley South, Nuneaton and North Warwickshire - all seats that Labour used to hold but which currently have Conservative MPs.
At the last election, in 2015, these were high-profile, battleground seats.
But Conservative leader Mrs May has called an early general election because they think their party can make gains due to the unpopularity of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
Liberal Democrats hope this election will revive their fortunes, after they won just eight seats in the 2015 general election.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
They will put up a fight in the hope of winning in Solihull, a seat they held from 2005 to 2015. Conservatives took Solihull in 2015.
Labour politicians were scathing about Mrs May's decision to hold an early general election, after they repeatedly insisted there should be no poll until 2020.
Steve McCabe, a Birmingham Labour MP since 1997, said: “It shows that their word is worthless.
“And she's calling an election now because they have some real bad news that's they hiding from us.
“We know the NHS, schools and the Brexit talks are in chaos, and the economy is in trouble.
“So we think they must have had some further bad news which means they can't afford to wait.”
Halesowen Conservative MP James Morris MP said: “This election will add stability and security to the lives of people in Halesowen &a Rowley Regis. What Britain needs now is clarity, and a Prime Minister with a strong mandate to lead us out of the European Union.
“Labour, the SNP and the Liberal Democrats want to try and stall our exit. I am determined to ensure that the will of people here in Halesowen & Rowley Regis is fulfilled - and a General Election is a way of doing that.”
Polycarbonate films are known for their high strength, toughness, and elasticity. They also offer competent properties such as heat, abrasion, and chemical resistance. Polycarbonate films are transparent, opaque, and translucent. They also possess improved mechanical, electrical, and thermal properties. These properties make them compatible for usage in various end-use industries such as automotive, aerospace, and construction.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polycarbonate-films-market.html
Polycarbonate Films Market: Drivers and Restraints
Led by the rise in disposable income of people, the passenger cars segment is anticipated to drive the global automotive industry at a significant pace. However, increase in environmental concerns and level of pollution is estimated to hamper the market during the forecast period. A major challenge faced by OEMs is providing numerous options to customers at low cost. Increase in need to offer energy-efficient cars at low prices creates further concerns for automotive manufacturers. Thus, demand for lightweight and superior performance polymers has increased in the past few years. Polycarbonate is a functional polymer that possesses important attributes of plastic such as low weight, high elasticity, and good resistance to abrasion, heat, chemicals, oil, and moisture. Hence, polycarbonate films are considered alternatives to metal, steel, and other conventional polymers films used in the manufacture of automotive components. Therefore, rise in automobile production and increase in pressure to manufacture fuel-efficient vehicles are expected to boost the polycarbonate films market during the forecast period. However, availability of substitutes with improved performance such as thermoplastic polyurethane films is anticipated to hamper the polycarbonate films market during the forecast period.
Polycarbonate Films Market: Segmentation
Based on application, the polycarbonate films market can be segmented into:
Automotive & Transportation
Building & Construction
Aerospace
Energy
Electrical & Electronics
Others (Consumer Goods, etc.)
The automotive & transportation segment is expected to hold major share of the polycarbonate films market, followed by the building & construction segment, during the next few years. These films used in the automotive industry to lower the overall weight of automotive body parts and other components, and improve performance efficiency. These films are employed in engineering and designing of noise and vibration absorbing automotive parts such as interior door panels, seating in-fills, and thermal insulation covers for engine bays. These films are used as sheet linings and thermal resistant membranes for molding of concrete and gypsum structures in the construction industry.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43160
Polycarbonate Films Market: Region-wise Outlook
In terms of consumption, Asia Pacific constituted significant share of the global polycarbonate films market in 2016. This trend is estimated to continue during the forecast period. The polycarbonate films market in North America is projected to create substantial incremental opportunity between 2017 and 2025 compared to that in other regions. The polycarbonate films market in Latin America is expected to expand at a relatively higher growth rate compared to that in the Middle East & Africa during the forecast period.
Automotive and aerospace components are largely manufactured in Europe, North America, and Asia Pacific. Thus, these regions dominate the polycarbonate films market in terms of consumption, as polycarbonate films are primarily used in automotive and aerospace industries.
Polycarbonate Films Market: Key Market Players
Key players operating in the global polycarbonate films market are Covestro, Mitsubishi Gas Chemical Company, Inc., Tekra, and Rowland Technologies, Inc.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Expansion plans at a Tipton mosque - the target of bomb attack by a white supremacist in 2013 - can now go ahead after winning the backing of a planning inspector.
The Central Jamia Mosque on Binfield Street won an appeal to build a double storey side extension after Sandwell councillors rejected an application in December last year.
The plans will create a female and children's community hall with toilets on the ground floor, and a male community area on the first floor along with offices and classrooms.
(Image: Google Street View)
Councillors originally rejected the scheme after residents' concerns about the loss of on site parking and fears of increased parking in surrounding streets.
The inspector acknowledged there was already a high level of on-street parking in the vicinity of the site and that cars had been parked in front of accesses to residential properties.
But they added: "Whilst high levels of on-street parking may inconvenience local residents, who may not be able to park close to their properties, there is no substantive evidence that it would represent a severe risk to highway safety."
They also found that parking provision in the nearby Peel Street car park was, ‘sufficient to meet the requirements of the proposal'.
They went onto recommend a condition restricting the simultaneous use of the prayer room and the community hall so the number of people using the mosque at any one time would not be 'significantly greater' than at present.
The costs of the appeal were awarded to the mosque whose legal fees will now be paid by Sandwell Council.
The mosque hit the headlines in July 2013 when it is was targeted by white supremacist Pavlo Lapshyn who planted a bomb timed to explode when worshippers were at Friday prayers during Ramadan.
No-one was injured when the nail bomb was detonated because the regular prayer meeting had been set back to 2pm and the street was deserted.
The bomber was later sentenced to life for murdering a grandfather in Birmingham and for three bomb attacks on mosques in Tipton, Walsall and Wolverhampton.
They will move into a strategic advisor role from December 31 before departing next year
Verizon executive vice president and president of global media Marni Walden said they will leave the US operator in February.
Walden served as EVP and president of global media at the company since 2015 will move into a strategic advisor role from December 31, they will continue to report to Verizon chairperson and CEO Lowell McAdam until their departure.
Walden had helped the company's new media revenue from zero to $7 billion (£5.3bn) in annual sales and was also a key player in the recent purchase of Yahoo, having negotiated a $350 million (£266m) discount.
They then began the process of combining Yahoo with AOL in a new business unit called Oath.
They were supervising the media arm of Verizon and its telematics unit, which will now be split between Oath CEO Tim Armstrong and John Stratton, who will take on the telematics unit as part of their role as EVP and president of global operations.
Oath CEO Tim Armstrong, who will continue to be responsible for leading Oath, will report directly to McAdam.
Telematics organisation will report to John Stratton executive vice president and president of Global Operations.
McAdam added: “Marni helped build our wireless business, starting as a sales representative in a store, and grew into an inspirational leader and role model for so many at Verizon.
“She has most recently spearheaded Verizon's entry into global digital media and telematics and will leave us in a strong competitive position.”
BOSTON (AP) " As marijuana shops sprout in states that have legalized the drug, they face a critical stumbling block " lack of access to the kind of routine banking services other businesses take for granted.
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, is leading an effort to make sure vendors working with legal marijuana businesses, from chemists who test marijuana for harmful substances to firms that provide security, don't have their banking services taken away.
It's part of a wider effort by Warren and others to bring the burgeoning $7 billion marijuana industry in from a fiscal limbo they said forces many shops to rely solely on cash, making them tempting targets for criminals.
After voters in Warren's home state approved a November ballot question to legalize the recreational use of pot, they joined nine other senators in sending a letter to a key federal regulator, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, calling on it to issue additional guidance to help banks provide services to marijuana shop vendors.
Twenty-eight states have legalized marijuana for medicinal or recreational use.
Warren, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, said there are benefits to letting marijuana-based businesses move away from a cash-only model.
"You make sure that people are really paying their taxes. You know that the money is not being diverted to some kind of criminal enterprise," Warren said recently. "And it's just a plain old safety issue. You don't want people walking in with guns and masks and saying, 'Give me all your cash.'"
A spokesperson for the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network said the agency is reviewing the letter.
There has been some movement to accommodate the banking needs of marijuana businesses.
Two years ago, the U.S. Department of the Treasury gave banks permission to do business with legal marijuana entities under some conditions. Since then, the number of banks and credit unions willing to handle pot money rose from 51 in 2014 to 301 in 2016.
Continued below.
Related Content Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council Emergency housing woes in Rotorua as summer's peak demand hits The $400,000 smalltown job that no one wants
Warren, however, said fewer than 3 percent of the nation's 11,954 federally regulated banks and credit unions are serving the cannabis industry.
Taylor West, deputy director of the National Cannabis Industry Association, a trade organization for 1,100 marijuana businesses nationwide, said access to banking remains a top concern.
"What the industry needs is a sustainable solution that services the entire industry instead of tinkering around the edges," Taylor said. "You don't have to be fully in favor of legalized marijuana to know that it helps no one to force these businesses outside the banking system."
Sam Kamin, a professor at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law who studies marijuana regulation, said there's only so much states can do on their own.
"The stumbling block over and over again is the federal illegality," they said.
The federal government lumps marijuana into the same class of drugs as heroin, LSD and peyote. Democratic President Barack Obama's administration has essentially turned a blind eye to state laws legalizing the drug, and supporters of legalizing marijuana hope Republican President-elect Donald Trump will follow suit.
Trump officials did not respond to a request for comment. During the presidential campaign, Trump said states should be allowed to legalize marijuana and has expressed support for medicinal use. But they also have sounded more skeptical about recreational use, and their pick for attorney general, Alabama U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions, is a stern critic.
Some people in the marijuana industry say the banking challenges are merely growing pains for an industry evolving from mom-and-pop outlets.
Nicholas Vita, CEO of Columbia Care, one of the nation's largest providers of medical marijuana products, said it's up to marijuana businesses to make sure their financial house is in order.
"It's not just as simple as asking the banks to open their doors," Vita said. "The industry also needs to develop a set of standards that are acceptable to the banks."
Myanmar said Monday it has detained several police officers over a video shot by a fellow police officer that shows them beating Rohingya civilians, a rare admission of abuse against the Muslim minority.
Tens of thousands of people from the persecuted ethnic group – loathed by many of Myanmar's Buddhist majority – have fled a military operation in Rakhine state, launched in October.
Neighboring Bangladesh says some 50,000 Rohingya have crossed its border over the past two months. Many have brought harrowing accounts of rape, murder and arson at the hands of Myanmar's army or police, AFP reported.
Dozens of videos have emerged showing abuses against Rohingya, but this is the first time the government has said it will take action over them.
The refugees' stories have raised global alarm and protests against Myanmar's de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, who has been accused of not doing enough to help the Rohingya.
Them government has said troops are hunting militants behind the deadly raids on police border posts, denying claims of atrocities with a flurry of public statements.
However on Monday authorities pledged to take action "against police who allegedly beat villagers during area clearance operations on 5 November in Kotankauk village".
Suu Kyi's office named four officers involved in the operation including constable Zaw Myo Htike, who looks nonchalantly into the camera smoking as they record the video.
"Those who (were) initially identified were detained," it said in a statement. "Further investigations are being carried out to expose other police officers who beat villagers in the operation."
The footage shows police hitting a young boy around the head as they walk to where dozens of villagers are lined up in rows seated on the ground, hands behind their heads.
Three officers in uniform then start attacking one of the sitting men, beating them with a stick and kicking them repeatedly in the face.
Around 600 people have been detained since the start of the military operation, according to state media, including six who died in police custody in largely unexplained circumstances.
Matthew Smith, chief executive of Fortify Rights, said the video adds to a growing body of evidence of widespread abuse by security forces.
"Unfortunately the scene this video depicts isn't unique or an isolated event," they said. "Impunity still rules the day in Rakhine state."
Myanmar has long discriminated against the Rohingya, whom rights groups say are among the most persecuted peoples in the world.
More than 120,000 have been trapped in squalid displacement camps since violence erupted in 2012 in Rakhine, where they are denied citizenship, access to healthcare and education.
Over a dozen Nobel laureates wrote to the UN Security Council last week urging action to stop the "human tragedy amounting to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity" in northern Rakhine.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Grinding Ceramics Ball Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Grinding Ceramics Ball market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Axens, Honeywell international, Pingxiang Funeng Chemical industry, Saint-Gobain, Industrial Tectonics, Patalia Chem Industries, Patalia Chem Industries. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Grinding Ceramics Ball Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grinding-ceramics-ball-market/10364/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Grinding Ceramics Ball markets by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Grinding Ceramics Ball markets in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Grinding Ceramics Ball Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Grinding Ceramics Ball. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Grinding Ceramics Ball in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Ordinary Porcelain Ball, Inert Alumina Ceramic Ball, Chinalco Porcelain Ball, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Oil, Chemical, Fertilizer, Natural Gas, Environmental Protection, Others, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Grinding Ceramics Ball Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grinding-ceramics-ball-market/10364/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Grinding Ceramics Ball new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Grinding Ceramics Ball market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Grinding Ceramics Ball industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
I reckon Auckland and Blues rugby have a race issue.
Well, that's one of my many theories, with Charles Piutau and now Steven Luatua deciding to fly the coop before their careers hit top gear.
Look at the similarities of those who have or are quitting New Zealand rugby before the job was done ... Francis Saili ... Frank Halai ... Charlie Faumuina ... Piutau ... Luatua.
Yes, Blues players and Polynesians. Something tells me something is very wrong.
And before you say that Faumuina is 30, compare their attitude to that of the 34-year-old Crusader prop Wyatt Crockett who is signed up until the end of next year.
"Canterbury, the Crusaders and the All Blacks have been my teams since day one," Crockett reckoned. "I can't imagine ever pulling on the jersey for any other teams, so I always knew that I would be playing out my rugby career here."
Luatua gave a fascinating glimpse of the cultural influences involved, when they talked about the desire to provide for their family and give the "next generation of Luatuas" better opportunities.
On the face of it, their decision to join a bum team at Bristol is absolutely nuts. It's like Adele singing with Yoko Ono.
It's like anybody singing with Yoko Ono.
And yet, he's gone and done it, and apparently All Blacks coach Steve Hansen didn't even get the chance to talk them around.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: All Blacks return for Highlanders Rugby: All Blacks hooker targets April return All Blacks skipper Kieran Read ready for Lions challenge
Yes, yes. We Aucklanders have to take some responsibility.
The Blues are a mess and have been for a while, but rugby HQ in Wellington and the central contract system is the real problem. They aren't on Auckland's page.
Hey look, this being Auckland, we'd probably stuff it up anyway.
But we'd like to stuff it up our way and get a chance to value players for what we think they are worth.
The thing is, Auckland is an international city. We don't like being run from Wellington.
We're funny like that, just like Manchester United wouldn't want to be run by a mob in London (or America, as it turned out) and the Green Bay Packers would rather blow up Lambeau Field than let a consortium in Chicago tell them what to do.
Call us old romantics. Call us whatever you like - and you do.
But until they give our rugby team back to us, we basically don't give a stuff about it and nor do a lot of the players quite clearly, I believe.
In the case of players like Piutau and Luatua, it would be so exciting if Auckland had the power to keep them, rather than rely on a central contract system based on All Black ratings.
To state the blindingly obvious, Steve Tew and their one-size-fits-all way of running the domestic scene hasn't worked in Auckland. So why do they keep running it the same way, when the major market is a major stuff-up?
Auckland has to play by everybody else's rules, instead of being allowed to act like a big city. We're an odd mob, but being a branch office - an out-of-favour-one at that - doesn't turn us on.
The Blues can't even keep a star player and current All Black in the prime of their young life away from a bog-standard English club. Next thing, the Bognor Regis Pebbles will announce they've got Rieko Ioane.
I'm quite prepared to play the race card or any other card that might explain what should be the unexplainable. It seems Old White Dude World down at rugby HQ hasn't got a clue about the largest Polynesian city in the world.
Yes, New Zealand, we're different up here. What's wrong with different?
When rugby was actually great in this country, Waikato and Christchurch and Wellington were the enemy. The thought of Wellington effectively running Auckland rugby makes me puke.
All we want is a flamboyant team that might win a title now and then, something that reflects the place we live in, rather than being the waste that spews out of a national crusade.
Silly us ... but that's us.
- NZ Herald
Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma is scheduled to make their first rehab start Wednesday at Hi-A Modesto. Ted S. Warren AP
SOMEWHERE IN FLORIDA - There are some things that are seen that can never be unseen. Unfortunately, one of those "things" happened in a busy Florida hotel pool.
Because, of course... Florida.
A video circulating on social media shows a woman actually shaving their legs while sitting in the pool of an unnamed resort.
Comments on the video posted to Facebook range from, "Omg, what in the world?," to "There are just no words to describe this."
As of now, the video has been seen almost 150,000 times.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
It has been over 50 days since we saw Mohanlal making a public appearance. Reportedly, the actor was undergoing an intense training to shed a few kilos for their upcoming film Odiyan, directed by VA Shrikumar Menon.
According to the reports, Mohanlal underwent a special training under the guidance of a group of trainers, yoga masters, and masseurs from France. The fans of the actor and the entire Malayalam film audiences have been eagerly waiting to see the new avatar of Mohanlal.
It was then that VA Shrikumar Menon came up with an announcement regarding the launch of the next teaser of Odiyan and also the unveiling of the new look of Mohanlal. This announcement further raised the expectations of all the fans of Mohanlal..
The enduring rhythm and blues band (with a horn section) Tower of Power, out of Oakland, will play a show at 8 p.m. Saturday in The Granada Theatre.
It will be a presentation of the Granada Theatre Concert Series.
In the late 1960s, a lot of younger musicians, especially blues and jazz musicians, began to chafe at the limitations of the standard rock ensemble of lead guitar, rhythm guitar, bass and drums, and they longed for the return of the big band sound that only a brass section can achieve. Despite the fact that splitting the money 10 or 15 ways yields considerably less than a four- or five-way split, they went ahead and founded their own bands and started to play the music they wanted to play.
The time was right, and the sound took off to commercial as well as artistic success. In fact, of the four major bands with horn sections founded in the years 1967-68 — Tower of Power, Blood Sweat and Tears, Chicago, and the Electric Flag — only the last have gone out of business. The others are, as Dylan put it, “still out on the road/ Heading for another joint.”
Though it has always featured horn playing as smooth as whipped cream on velvet and lead vocals to melt the heart of a statue, it is Tower of Power's rhythm section that sets the group apart, and one tends to remember a Tower of Power concert as viewed over a sea of bobbing heads and waving arms. They are a wonderful concert band, but they are the ultimate dance band. Their hits include “So Very Hard to Go,” “This Time It's Real,” “What Is Hip?” “Time Will Tell” and “You're Still a Young Man.”
Tickets to Tower of Power range from $25 to $64 (including a $3 ticket facility fee). Click here to order online, call 805.899.2222 or visit the Granada box office at 1214 State St.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Varinder Sahi and Anita Kothari's modern home features several windows that take in sweeping panoramic views of Paso Robles and surrounding vineyards. Courtesy of AAUW Paso Robles
Richard Moat, the English-born chief executive of Ireland's former State telecoms incumbent, has had to become a bit of a forester to navigate the thickets of Irish business and public life since they joined Eir in 2012.
When they started, initially as chief financial officer, Eircom (as it was then) was fresh out of insolvency proceedings - a formerly bankrupt company, trying to find its way in a bankrupt nation.
Five-and-a-half years on, Eir is in solid financial shape, and on Friday reported its 12th consecutive quarter of earnings growth. Yet, this week, it still finds itself a magnet for bother, having controversially withdrawn from the State's National Broadband Plan at the eleventh hour on Wednesday.
Moat will leave Eir as soon as French billionaire Xavier Niel and their NJJ completes a €3.5 billion majority buyout, possibly in April. Their job is basically done.
You would think Moat, a no-nonsense, 63-year-old Brummie, would be on the first plane back to England will their share of the €100 million that will be split between senior managers following the buyout.
Citizenship
But, no. Moat likes Ireland so much, they have decided to become an Irishman.
Moat confirmed on Friday that they have applied for Irish citizenship and has bought a house here. They also appear to be looking for a new job in Dublin.
“I want to stay around and be a part of Irish business life,” said Moat. “I'm eligible to become a naturalised citizen, and I've bought a house in Dalkey.”
Moat had previously indicated, in 2016 that they and their wife might retire to Ireland, whenever their time at Eir was up. They now say, however, that they “has no intention of retiring” and suggested they are considering several job opportunities.
“Right now, I'm concentrating on running this business until I leave. But there are a number of possible avenues I could potentially go down afterwards. The next phase of my career will be here,” they said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham train passengers need to be demanding and complain loudly if services fail like they do in Japan.
That is the view of Japanese Ambassador to the UK Koji Tsurouka who was in Birmingham for the launch of the new West Midlands Railway franchise.
The new West Midlands Railway service will see £1 billion worth of investment, in hundreds of new carriages, station upgrades, more services including at off peak times, free wifi and new ticketing systems.
And it is backed by a consortium of three investors Dutch rail company Abellio and two Japanese firms JR East and Mitsui.
It is the first time Japanese rail companies have invested in Britain and is big news in the Far East - and coverage was beamed back to Tokyo by a pack of travelling journalists and film crews.
Mr Tsurouka, speaking at the launch, said their train from London had arrived on time despite their worries over the snowfall. Visitors were greeted to the sight of the first train bearing the West Midlands Railway livery.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
They said: “The expectation of passengers ought to be very high. In Japan passengers are extremely demanding. If there's any problem the rail company can expect a lynching in public.”
They urged Birmingham travellers to be as demanding. “We need passengers to be demanding and choose companies which deliver. I have no doubt we will see a satisfactory service for passengers here.”
A key feature is the promise of compensation if services are delayed by 15 minutes or more under the new operator.
A further new aspect for the operator, which replaced London Midland, is that it will be managed locally by the West Midlands Combined Authority and local councils under the West Midlands Rail umbrella. Until now franchises have been overseen by the Department for Transport in London.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Director of West Midlands Rail Malcolm Holmes said that as a commuter on the Cross City Line themselves they will know how well the service is going.
“We will hold the operator to account and ensure the investment is made,” they said.
Of the new £1 billion investment , £680 million will be spent on new trains being built by Bombardier in Derby, and Spanish manufacturer CAF.
Managing director of the new service Jan Chaudhry-van der Velde said: “We are delighted to see so many of our new trains produced in the Midlands, stimulating the economy.
“Along with 900 apprenticeships put in place over the coming years, we will be building a legacy that will benefit the industry for decades to come.”
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Key plans include
20,000 extra seats for rush hour passengers in Birmingham.
50,000 standing places for Birmingham passengers in Metro-style carriages
100 new carriages on the Cross City line
80 new carriages for the Snow Hill line
Compensation if delayed by more than 15 minutes
Free WiFi on all main line services by the end of 2019
A roll out of smart ticketing and live passenger information
Trains and stations branded in a purple, yellow and white West Midlands Railway livery
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police said the bicyclist hit in an east Las Vegas crash on April 28 has died. (FOX5)
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police said the bicyclist hit in an east Las Vegas crash on April 28 has died.
Jason Eckert, 44, biking with a 46-year-old woman and an eight-year-old boy, were heading north on Mountain Vista Street. Danesmin Solis-Cortea, 40, was driving west in a Dodge Intrepid on Indios Avenue at a high speed. Police said they ran a stop sign, hit Eckert, then drove into a brick wall. Eckert was taken to Sunrise Hospital with life-threatening injuries.
Police announced that Eckert had died five days later. Solis-Cortea, of Seattle, showed signs of impairment and suffered minor injuries, according to Metro Police.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Microsoft has included yet another post-EOL security update for Windows XP, the OS that just won't die, in its Patch Tuesday releases as it warns of attacks by 'nation-state actors'.
Windows XP was initially scheduled to enter End of Life (EOL) status in 2008, seven years after its launch, and while April 2008's Service Pack 3 was the last official update bundle, its popularity led to several stays of execution through to 2014 - a whopping 13 years after its original release - as Microsoft addressed ongoing security issues threatening corporate customers who had not yet made the leap to the operating system's successors. Even then, a post-EOL security patch in 2014 reset the clock, and the WannaCry ransomware, also known as WCrypt or WannaCrypt, again forced Microsoft's hand into releasing a Windows XP update, now 16 years past its launch and nine years past its original retirement date.While the Windows XP patch for the WannaCry malware was positioned as an unusual response to an unusual attack, relying as it did on exploits collected by and subsequently leaked from the US National Security Agency (NSA), Microsoft has once again reset the clock on the OS that just won't die with yet another post-EOL security patch. '' explained Microsoft's Adrienne Hall in a blog post following last night's Patch Tuesday releases. 'In addition to the fixes for a WannaCry-style malware apparently currently exploiting systems in-the-wild, this month's Patch Tuesday release includes security updates for the company's Office products, various Windows releases, the Silverlight platform, Adobe Flash Player, Internet Explorer 11, and Microsoft Edge.
CAR RALLY: Peter and Anne Mott will drive their 1934 Speed 20 SB tourer XRP341 Alvis from Adelaide to Warwick for a week of Alvis action in May.
THERE will be 40 Alvis cars from across most of Australia in Warwick for a National Rally on May 7-13.
This follows the visit of 200 Pontiacs and classic cars at the Easter weekend.
The Alvis Motor Company started in 1918 and closed the doors in 1968 after producing almost 22,000 cars.
Every two years a group of owners gathers for a National Rally in a different state. This year is Queensland's turn.
Warwick was selected as the venue because of easy access from the south, the history, and the beautiful surrounding driving country.
Next year the group will celebrate the Centenary of the Alvis Motor Company with a big rally in New South Wales.
The committee for this year's event is delighted with the help and response they have had from everyone that has been approached in Warwick and believe this year's event will showcase what the town and surrounding countryside has to offer.
Cars will begin arriving on Sunday, May 7, and will head to a different destination each day from Allora to Stanthorpe, returning to the Coachman's Motel each night.
About 40 cars are registered from all states except Western Australia for the rally.
The main event for the public will be a Alvis Car Show at Leslie Park from 10am on May 8. It will be a static display car show and later in the afternoon, the group will visit the Warwick Historical Society at Pringle Cottage.
The Warwick Town Crier will take visitors on a guided walk around the historic sites before Southern Downs Mayor Cr Tracy Dobie welcomes the members at the Alvis Car Show.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Chic's Nile Rodgers missed the first show of their career on Sunday (Aug. 13) when an illness forced them to seek treatment at a Toronto hospital.
Related: Chic and Earth, Wind & Fire Team for Summer Tour
The band was scheduled to play the Air Canada Centre with Earth, Wind and Fire for 2054: The Tour when Rodgers became sick. The news surfaced sound engineer John Ryan tweeted, “Nile Rodgers is in hospital tonight. Lights are out for him.”
The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer responded, “Thanks Johnny. I've never missed one gig in my life… well, its been that way till now. The Dr. caught me trying to sneak out. #LOVE,” and added that doctors are “taking great care” of him.
Rodgers was diagnosed with prostate cancer six years ago and wrote about their struggle on their blog (via Billboard). After undergoing extensive treatment, they were cured in 2014. They discussed their struggle at the Glastonbury Festival in June.
“My doctors told me I was suffering from extremely aggressive cancer and that I needed to go home and get my affairs in order,” they said during the show. “Well, I happened to get a phone call from two French guys called Daft Punk and a gentleman named Pharrell Williams and we got together and wrote this song called ‘Get Lucky.' And I feel like the luckiest man in the world tonight because six years after that doctor told me to go home and get my affairs in order, today, six years later, I am cancer-free!”
It is still unknown what caused Rodgers to miss Sunday's show and whether or not they will be healthy enough to perform tomorrow night (Aug. 15) in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Thanks Johnny. I've never missed one gig in my life... well, it's been that way till now. The Dr. caught me trying… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
Nile Rodgers (@nilerodgers) August 14, 2017
According to the study “Asia Below-Grade Waterproofing Industry Situation and Prospects Research report”, below-grade waterproofing market in Asia consists of a large number of vendors and is highly-fragmented. All the leading vendors are increasingly focusing on creating strong brand names, offering well-established products, and exhibit long-term reliability. The vendors are increasingly competing against each other based on factors such as price, features, and product quality. The leading vendors are BASF SE, Carlisle Companies, GCP Applied Technologies, MAPEI S.p.A, Mineral Technologies, RPM International and Sika AG.
Below-grade waterproofing materials are subject to stringent water conditions that are typically more severe than any other waterproofing materials. Construction structure elements of below-grade are exposed to hydrostatic pressure from ground water tables that rise significantly during heavy rainfall. These structures are protected from the significant damage using below-grade waterproofing products. Asia's increasing growth in construction sector coupled with developing economies, increasing global investments, high focus on the protection of buildings and infrastructures from corrosion and other weather conditions, and increasing demand for energy efficient building are the major growth drivers of the below-grade waterproofing market.
Asia is witnessing a growing market for vegetative roofing that will drive the growth prospects for below-grade waterproofing market in the region. Vegetative roofs are also known as green roofs with various components such as structural roof, root barrier, a waterproofing membrane, drainage system, a lightweight growing medium, filter layer and plants. The installation of green roofs with the incorporation of below-grade waterproofing membranes and other components offer benefits such as retention and filtering of rainwater, manage storm water, increasing the life of the roof by 2-3 times, lowering heating and cooling costs, preserving habitat in an urban environment, and improving the aesthetic views of buildings. The major trend in the below-grade waterproofing market is the increasing use of crystalline waterproofing membranes with advanced technology. Crystalline below-grade waterproofing membranes reduced cracking, help in self-sealing, and provides a robust defense against the corrosion of reinforcing steel that drives the below-grade waterproofing market in Asia.
Below-grade waterproofing market in Asia is categorized based on types such as polymers, bitumen, bentonite and rubberized asphalt. Polymer below-grade waterproofing segment is expected to witness a constant growth over the next few years. High synthetic polymer is produced to support the rising population and urbanization. High-performance below-grade waterproofing system is introduced so as to shift from bitumen to synthetic polymers which will witness a drastic growth over the next few years. The varying below-grade waterproofing products are used in commercial building, residential building and public infrastructures. Increasing construction activities of high rise buildings coupled with increasing preference of foundations and basements are the major growth drivers of the commercial building segment in Asia. Based on the membrane type, Asia's below-grade waterproofing market is segmented into sheet-based and liquid-coated. Sheet-based membrane will witness a robust growth due to the increasing usage of breathable waterproofing membranes and environmentally safe products will remain a major concern in the future. Below-grade waterproofing market is segmented based on position type such as positive side, negative side and blind side. The positive side will remain a dominant segment due to its zero property line application.
The continuing growth in construction and infrastructure sector in Asian economies such as China and India, are encouraging the growth for below-grade waterproofing systems. Below-grade waterproofing is used in prevention of seepage, leakage caused by water and moisture. Rise in industrialization and urbanization has encouraged the growth of below-grade waterproofing industry, which is likely to remain strong due to new constructions and refurbishment of existing buildings. The increasing costs of raw materials and surge in labour wages is expected to drive the for below-grade waterproofing market in the next few years.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/asia-below-grade-waterproofing-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/145696-101.html
Related Reports:
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/north-america-below-grade-waterproofing-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/146374-101.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/china-below-grade-waterproofing-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/146206-101.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
Global Anti-reflective Glass Market: Snapshot
Anti-reflective glasses witness high demand in applications that require high level of clarity and transparency. Their use in applications such as projector lenses continues to remain strong owing to the fact that anti-reflective glasses offer a level of clarity that is not affected even when there are variations in the light. Standard anti-reflective glass, with a minimum level of reflection on both sides, transmits as much as 98% light and produces only about 1% of residual reflection.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/anti-reflective-glass-market.html
The global market for anti-reflective glasses is expected witness a promising upward trajectory in the next few years as demand across key end-use sectors such as consumer electronics, construction, telecommunications, and eyewear rises at a significant pace. In the construction sector, the rising expenditure on esthetic improvements across a number of key regional markets is leading to the increased uptake of glass with anti-reflective properties. The high level of durability of anti-reflective glass is bringing in more business from areas such as automotive and solar panels.
A number of other application areas such as electronic devices and eyewear are also expected to lead to steady increase is use of anti-reflective glasses in the next few years. This report on the anti-reflective glass market thoroughly covers the present state of development of the market and expounds the future scope of development across key regional markets and areas of application. A detailed overview of the technological developments witnessed in the market in the recent past and their impact on the future development of the market has also been included.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24788
Anti-reflective glass is a type of glass that is optically coated either on one or both the sides to reduce the light reflection and minimize the surface brightness by offering better contrast definition. Anti-reflective glass is a specialized glass product, which can be produced by sinking low iron glass in different solutions of metal oxides. This creates a uniform coating on the overall face of the glass. This coating helps prevent visual reflectance. Anti-reflective coatings produce an invisible glass unit with minimal visual reflectance. Multiple reflections can be minimized by applying anti-reflective coating on the glass surface. Anti-reflective glass can filtrate approximately 70% to 80% of UV rays.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Auckland District Health Board has confirmed hiring private investigation firm Thompson and Clark to catch a staff member suspected of stealing DHB property.
In response to an Official Information request it has been revealed the investigators was contracted in 2015 to "investigate an Auckland DHB employee suspected of misappropriating DHB property."
The DHB refused to release further detail due to concern of identifying the staff member in breach.
It was also revealed that Thompson and Clark was used by the Ministry of Health as part of Auckland Regional Public Health Service's audit of the 1080 drop in the Hunua Ranges in West Auckland.
Advertisement
Thompson and Clark were contracted to check the loading zone operations and whether the 1080 bait was kept secure.
The firm was also hired to investigate the risk of any spillage of pellets or 1080 dust from the helicopter operation transporting and storing the bait. It also looked into whether the operation was keeping the public safe.
The Ministry of Health will be releasing further information on this matter soon.
The Ministry of Health is one of a number of Government agencies that have used the Auckland-based company, which is at the centre of a probe by the State Services Commission.
The ministry has said it had a one–year contract with the company, capped at $70,000 excluding GST. The contract ended on June 30.
Last month it was confirmed that the director of private investigation firm Thompson and Clark bought psychoactive substances including synthetic cannabis on behalf of the Ministry of Health.
Thompson and Clark director Gavin Clark visited shops selling psychoactive substances to ensure they were complying with the Psychoactive Substances Act and "at times making controlled purchases of products such as synthetic cannabis".
The bulk of the work carried out by Thompson and Clark had been monitoring retailers to ensure they were complying with regulations restricting the sale and supply of high-powered laser pointers (HPLPs), the ministry said in a statement.
A spokesperson for the Ministry of Health said, last month, it supported the SSC's inquiry and continued to provide updates which might fall under the new broadened scope of the commission's inquiry.
"It's important to note that Thompson and Clark Investigations Limited is identified as an approved whole of government provider of services," the spokesperson said.
Councilman Trayon White Sr. issued an apology after posting a video suggesting the Rothschilds control the weather and are able to manipulate the climate.
A councilman in Washington D.C. has apologized after pinning responsibility for the recent snow on a prominent Jewish banking family.
Last week, Trayon White Sr. posted a video in which they blamed the Rothschilds, who are worth billions of dollars and have frequently been the target of anti-Semitic conspiracy theories.
Read More Suspect In Murder Of Jewish Student Allegedly Trained With Hate Group
“Man, it just started snowing out of nowhere this morning, man. Y'all better pay attention to this climate control, man, this climate manipulation. And D.C. keep talking about, ‘We a resilient city.' And that's a model based off the Rothschilds controlling the climate to create natural disasters they can pay for to own the cities, man. Be careful,” White said in the video.
White's comments were met with quick public backlash.
“This kind of anti-Semitism is unacceptable in any public official. This so diminishes what America is about and adds to the oppressive feeling going on in the country right now,” a rabbi at a temple in Northwest Washington said.
Anti-Semitic incidents increased significantly in 2017 with nearly 2,000 anti-Semitic events occurring last year, according to the Anti-Defamation League.
We spoke with @trayonwhite tonight about how their comments played into the long history of antisemitism. We look forward to working with them toward deeper understanding of antisemitism and toward our collective liberation. — JUFJ (@jufj) March 19, 2018
White apologized on Sunday, saying “I want to apologize to the Jewish Community and anyone I have offended. The Jewish community have been allies with me in my journey to help people. I did not intend to be anti-Semitic, and I see I should not have said that after learning from my colleagues.”
I really do apologize. I work very closely with the Jewish community and never want to offend anyone, especially with Anti-Semitic remarks. pic.twitter.com/TvUgf55UeF — Trayon White (@trayonwhite) March 19, 2018
Jews United for Justice, a Washington-based organization, tweeted that the councilman had reached out to express their regret for the statements made in the video.
The flippancy of White's initial post hints at more concerning discourses in the U.S. After the Las Vegas and Parkland, Florida, shootings, many social media users claimed that survivors lobbying for gun control were paid crisis actors. The public endorsement of Jewish conspiracy theories is disturbing, but it's also symptomatic of broader narratives in society.
While drawing attention to the issues with White's statement helps address the problems with the councilman's Jewish scapegoating, it doesn't address the continued prevalence of Jewish conspiracy theories.
Banner/Thumbnail Credit: Pixabay, Free-Photos
This story is about
TCU head coach Gary Patterson is pictured before the Baylor University Bears vs. the TCU Horned Frogs NCAA college football game at Amon G. Carter Stadium in Fort Worth, Texas on Friday, November 24, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
TCU lost a commitment over the weekend, but the Horned Frogs have regained some momentum on the recruiting trail.
Gary Patterson and company reeled in a verbal pledge from four-star Hattiesburg (MS) running back Fabian Franklin on Monday afternoon, according to multiple reports.
Franklin flipped their commitment from Mississippi State to TCU. They originally committed to the Bulldogs over the summer.
At 5-foot-11, 207 pounds, Franklin is ranked as the No. 14 running back in the country and No. 2 overall prospect in the state, per 247Sports Composite.
TCU now has 20 commits in its 2018 class.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — A space launch was scrubbed Tuesday from a remote launch site in New Zealand after an engine glitch caused engineers to abort the flight.
The command to abort came two seconds after the engine of the Rocket Lab Electron rocket fired on its launch pad at Mahia Peninsula on North Island's east coast.
There was no immediate explanation for the launch attempt being called off, although mission control said the problem was reported as the engine built toward liftoff.
In a tweet, Rocket Lab said the launch of the rocket nicknamed "'Still Testing' (was) scrubbed for the day while team reviews data."
Advertisement
It said in a statement that the weather was not expected to be favorable for a launch on Wednesday, so a new launch would be attempted "no earlier than" Thursday afternoon.
The 23-meter (75-foot) rocket had three satellites on board for Tuesday's launch, each about the size of a shoebox.
Founded by New Zealander Peter Beck, the company last May reached space with its first test launch, only to abort the mission when a communication glitch occurred.
Rocket Lab has official approval to conduct three test launches and sees an emerging market in delivering lots of small devices, some not much bigger than a smartphone, into low Earth orbit.
The satellites would be used for everything from monitoring crops to providing internet service.
The company hopes to begin commercial launches next year and eventually launch one rocket every week.
Two specialist swimming pool inspectors will be tasked with scrutinising the 1300 registered swimming pools in Whangārei after an audit found 10 out of 11 pools breached regulations.
Whangārei District Council is sending letters to all swimming pool owners on its pool register this week, letting them know the council will be re-inspecting the entire register.
In April, a random audit performed by the council found 10 out of 11 pools were non-compliant. It was prompted by a resident who contacted the council in March seeking a code of compliance for their property before it went on the market. It was discovered the property's fence, approved several years ago, was not compliant and a child could get into the pool area.
Council general manager - planning and development Alison Geddes said the council has embarked on a programme that should see all pool enclosures in the district re-inspected within two years.
Advertisement
"In the meantime, we are asking pool owners to check their fences are safe and compliant with the Building Act."
The council is looking to employ two specialist pool inspectors for the mammoth task. So far council staff have inspected 54 pools and found only 10 were compliant.
"We are sending out an information pack including an explanatory letter and material outlining the requirements owners must meet," Geddes said.
"Most pool owners are very conscientious about safety, but conditions around pools can change. Look for and repair or alter anything that may have made it easier for children to get through or over the fence since the last inspection."
They said that may include places where vegetation has grown up or where building on your property and the ones next door may have changed. Pool owners should also check for ground level changes, excavation, garden beds and new plantings or sheds or general wear and tear close to the fence.
"Anyone who has any questions about their pool fence or gate is welcome to contact the building team at the council."
NEW YORK (AP) — "Roseanne" was the week's most-watched comedy on television for what suddenly became its final episode.
The series reached 10.58 million last Tuesday, second only to the CBS drama "NCIS" in the weekly Nielsen rankings.
"Roseanne" was expected to come back next year, but ABC canceled the series on Tuesday following a racist tweet sent out by star Roseanne Barr. The show's revival lasted three months.
Another ABC comedy that had its last episode last week, "The Middle," was seen by 7.09 million, Nielsen said. That last episode was planned.
Advertisement
The ratings were dominated by the NBA conference finals. The Western Conference series between the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets were a bigger draw than the series between the Boston Celtics and Cleveland Cavaliers.
CBS won the week in prime-time, averaging 5 million viewers. NBC had 4.4 million, ABC had 4.1 million, Fox had 2.7 million, Univision had 1.3 million, ION Television had 1.1 million, Telemundo had 1 million and the CW had 840,000.
ESPN was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 4.64 million viewers in prime time. TNT had 3.04 million, Fox News Channel had 2.22 million, MSNBC had 1.45 million and USA had 1.43 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" was second with 7.7 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 5.7 million viewers.
For the week of May 21-27, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "NCIS," CBS, 12.07 million; "Roseanne," ABC, 10.58 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 6, TNT, 9.47 million; NBA Conference Finals: Golden State at Houston, Game 5, TNT, 9.32 million; "The Voice" (Tuesday), NBC, 8.78 million; "Dancing With the Stars: Athletes," ABC, 8.77 million; "American Idol" (Monday), ABC, 8.68 million; "The Voice" (Monday), NBC, 8.67 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 4, TNT, 8.37 million; NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 6, ESPN, 8.27 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
The Steelbacks were left stunned on Vitality Blast opening night as Leicestershire Foxes produced an incredible chase to win by four wickets at the County Ground.
Northants had looked to be in total control as they posted 218 for three from their 20 overs, which was the highest T20 total ever seen at Northampton.
Mohammad Abbas claimed the early wicket of Richard Levi
Ben Duckett's sublime 96 from just 54 balls was the highest individual score by any Northants player in a T20 game at the County Ground, surpassing David Willey's 95 in 2015.
Josh Cobb (56) and Alex Wakely (51no) also caught the eye for the Steelbacks as they smashed a huge score.
But Leicestershire refused to give up hope and they somehow got home with two balls to spare thanks to impressive captain Colin Ackermann.
Ackermann, who was dropped on five by Wakely off Nathan Buck, finished unbeaten on 66 from 31 balls, rifling the six that won the match for their team.
Saints players, including James Grayson and Dan Biggar, were present at the County Ground
Northants were made to pay for a slow overrate, which cost them six runs with Leicestershire needing 26 from 10 balls, and the Steelbacks will now have to recover quickly as they face champions Nottinghamshire at the County Ground on Friday.
The Steelbacks had lost the toss against the Foxes and were put into bat.
And David Ripley's men lost the early wicket of South African star Richard Levi, who was bowled by Pakistan pace man Mohammad Abbas for six.
But Duckett then got into their stride, playing some lovely shots, including a couple of eye-catching reverse sweeps, putting the pressure on the bowlers during the powerplay.
Ben Duckett was in fine form
The Steelbacks were to finish the first six overs on 58 for one, with Duckett continually stepping things up as they made their way to 46 from just 21 balls.
Duckett quickly reached their half-century with another four off the bowling of Zak Chappell, with the batsman making it to 50 in just 22 balls.
And Cobb then got in on the act, smashing 22 runs from four Cameron Delport deliveries as the Steelbacks motored past the 100 mark with just nine overs gone.
The 100 partnership came up in just 44 balls, but after passing 50, Cobb went as they holed out off the bowling off Callum Parkinson for 56 to leave the Steelbacks 123 for two.
But it wasn't a breakthrough that put a spanner in the Steelbacks' works as Duckett continued to keep their composure, alongside skipper Wakely.
Northants eventually brought up the 200 with 11 balls to go in what was turning out to be a sensational innings for the home side.
Wakely was striking the ball superbly and they hammered a couple of sixes out of the ground.
Duckett did depart before the end, earning a huge ovation for their 96 from 54 balls.
Wakely reached their half-century, from just 23 balls, from the next delivery and the Steelbacks saw out the innings to conclude on a whopping 218 for nine.
The Foxes got off to a strong start in reply, but they were hit by an untimely dismissal as Neil Dexter was run out by Seekkuge Prasanna for 38.
Delport and Mark Cosgrove continued to find the boundary, but the former departed when they were caught well by Duckett, who raced in off the rope to give Cobb a wicket.
Cosgrove soon followed Delport back to the dressing room as they were run out for 21 and the Foxes now appeared to be drifting towards defeat.
There was a let-off for Ackermann as Wakely dropped a simple catch off Buck at extra cover.
And Ackermann went on to punish Wakely, reaching a fine 50 in style.
But Ben Sanderson finally got a big breakthrough thanks to a wonderful diving catch on the boundary from Graeme White, who ensured Mohammad Nabi would only make 19.
And the same combination got rid of big-hitting Ben Raine for 23 from seven balls.
However, the Steelbacks still had work to do as their slow overrate saw Leicestershire awarded six penalty runs, meaning the Foxes needed 20 from 10 balls to win it.
And the heat was really on for Rory Kleinveldt in the final over as their first delivery was wide and reached the boundary.
They then hit back by bowling Tom Wells, but next man in, Lewis Hill, managed to get off strike with a single and Ackermann smashed the next ball for six to seal a stunning win.
Steelbacks: Levi, Duckett, Cobb, Wakely (c), Crook, Vasconcelos (wk), Prasanna, Kleinveldt, White, Buck, Sanderson.
Leicestershire Foxes: Hill (wk), Ackermann (c), Delport, Cosgrove, Dexter, Nabi, Wells, Raine, Chappell, Parkinson, Abbas.
LONDON (AP) " Global stocks rose on the first day of 2017, though trading volumes were thin as many major markets observed New Year's holidays.
KEEPING SCORE: Germany's DAX was up 0.9 percent at 11,580 and France's CAC 40 was 0.4 percent higher at 4,881. Britain's FTSE 100, which closed at a record high on Friday, remained closed.
UPBEAT DATA: Markets were buoyed by a report showing the manufacturing sector in the 19-country eurozone grew at the fastest rate in 68 months in December. The so-called purchasing managers' index rose to 54.9 points from 53.7 points in November. Also helping sentiment was a report published Sunday showing that China's manufacturing sector continued to expand in December, though at a slightly slower pace than the month before.
ANALYST TAKE: "While the eurozone seems to have ended 2016 on the up in economic terms, we are concerned that GDP growth could be increasingly hampered in 2017 by political uncertainties," said Howard Archer, global economist at IHS Markit. Those uncertainties include Britain's formal start to talks to leave the European Union and elections in France and the Netherlands, where far right parties that favor leaving the euro are expected to do well.
HOLIDAY IMPACT: Trading was slow as many markets were closed to observe the New Year's holiday. Besides Britain, markets were closed in Japan, China and Hong Kong and were due to remain shut in New York. Of those that did trade in Asia, India's Sensex ended the day 0.1 percent lower at 26,595.45 while South Korea's KOSPI was flat at 2,026.16.
CURRENCIES: The dollar started the new year with broad gains in currency markets. It was at 117.30 yen, up from 117.00 the previous day. The euro was trading at $1.0481, from $1.0443.
Trading in several commodities, including crude oil, was closed on Monday.
ILOILO – Cong. Raul “Boboy” Tupas (5th District) is not interested to run for governor.
“I'm a new member of congress. I want my service to have an impact in my district,” said Tupas, and this meant they wanted to serve their constituents for much longer than one term.
Tupas became member of congress only last year. They succeeded their elder brother, Niel Jr.
The member of congress confirmed some people were prodding them to run for governor but they said if they would do so, that would make their service to the 5th District “tama ka nubo.”
Three fellow members of congress of Tupas are interested to run for governor – Richard Garin (1st District), Arthur “Toto” Defensor Jr. (3rd District) and Ferjenel Biron (4th District).
Tupas said the 5th District remained their priority. They ran for governor in 2010 but lost to Gov. Arthur Defensor Sr.
Prior to their congressional election, they served as vice governor for one term, from 2013 to 2016.
“I have so many programs and projects to follow up in my district,” said Tupas.
Tupas, Defensor, Biron, and Cong. Arcadio Gorriceta of the 2nd District agreed after the election last year to have a common candidate for governor in the 2019 election.
The gentlemen's agreement, however, now appeared shaky with Defensor soon to join the ruling Partido Demokratiko Pilipino – Lakas ng Bayan (PDP-Laban).
Defensor's father, the governor, recently said the gentlemen's agreement of the four members of congress was tentative.
“Liwaton ko ang insakto ko nga ginhambal sa ila. Siling ko indi ta pa man ‘ni ma-announce gid insigida kay indi pa man ini pinal nga decision kay malayo pa ang election,” said the elder Defensor. “Amon sadto tentative nga sugilanon nga ma-meeting pa kami liwat.”
Many things can happen until 2019, they added, citing their recent decision to join PDP-Laban.
“Kay nagkambyo ako partido, makontrolar ko bala ang PDP-Laban kon sin-o ang pakandidatuhon sa pagka-gobernador?” the governor pointed out.
If the Garins, for instance, will be the choice of the party, Defensor stressed, more so that they could not insist on the gentlemen's agreement on a common gubernatorial candidate.
“It doesn't make sense. Ano pagdikta ta sa PDP-Laban,” they said.
Congressman Garin, the provincial president of PDP-Laban in Iloilo, is believed to be interested in the governorship, too./PN
Dive Brief:
Districts and schools should factor in warranties when weighing the cost-effectiveness and durability of tech purchases, Califone Marketing Manager Scott Evans writes for eSchool News.
Due to the frequency of use, premature fatigue is likely for devices and accessories used in schools, which necessitates consideration of the materials used in a product as well as whether the vendor offers lifetime protection — both factors that can lower long-term investment.
Evans also recommends investigating whether products are recommended for commercial use, as they are typically better designed to weather daily use than consumer products and often come with better warranty programs.
Dive Insight:
The daily wear-and-tear of use by multiple students can quickly age a variety of tech equipment, from tablets to headphones. This can be especially true at the elementary level, where younger students might handle items more haphazardly and be more likely to share a device. Assuring that a warranty is in place and that it accounts for a variety of scenarios can help keep costs down given that replacements will be an inevitable necessity over the lifespan of any school or district tech purchase.
Though many consumer options may look fancier to onlookers, seeking commercial items made from high-grade plastics and other more durable materials can help make the most of every dollar in a tech purchase. And the money saved on the higher-quality warranties with those items could be the difference between providing even more interesting programs, curricular resources, after-school activities, field trips or other opportunities to students.
Of course, the most important question educators should continue considering when making these purchases, as Scott McLeod​, an associate professor of educational leadership at the University of Colorado Denver and the founder of CASTLE, previously told us, is how a particular device or piece of equipment will empower students to do amazing things that make a difference.
Anti-counterfeit printing technology is utilized widely in fields wherein fake making and infringement occurs frequently. Counterfeiting has become a worldwide epidemic and the dangers it poses are vast. Counterfeiting threatens public health through the production of inferior medicines, and foods and beverages; causes taxes to increase by sidestepping official channels; increases public spending by boosting law enforcement to counter the illicit trade; and raises the price of legitimate products as companies seek to recoup their losses. It affects currencies, negotiable securities, licenses, seals, etc.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/anti-counterfeit-printing-ink-market.html
Anti-counterfeiting products such as printing inks play an important role in curbing such activities. Anti-counterfeiting technology is a conventional ink anti-counterfeiting technology with strong adaptability, high technical level, and low cost. Anti-counterfeit ink offers some special physical and chemical properties of ink; most of these are used in ordinary ink to add special functional materials for anti-counterfeiting performance. Anti-counterfeit ink displays fluorescent nature.
In terms of type, the global anti-counterfeit printing ink market can be segregated into water based and UV curing. The UV curing segment is expected to expand during the forecast period. In terms of application, the global anti-counterfeit printing ink market can be segmented into government department, educational certificates, retail security, electronics brand protection, wine & spirit authentication, and others. Educational certificates and government department segments are anticipated to expand during the forecast period due to the increase in imitation activities in degree certificates.
In terms of region, the global anti-counterfeit printing ink market can be divided into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The global anti-counterfeit printing ink market is estimated to expand at a significant pace during the forecast period.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24749
In terms of demand, North America is projected to be the dominant region in the market in the near future. The anti-counterfeit printing ink market in Asia Pacific and Latin America is also likely to witness substantial growth during the forecast period. Manufacture of inks for packaging offers promising opportunities to the global anti-counterfeit printing ink market. Companies need to develop a technology that can provide a lock-and-key approach for securing and authenticating packaging. However, anti-counterfeit technology cannot be applied in medicines, as security inks on packaging of medicines cannot provide assurance of the authenticity of contents.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Portuguese President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa said they hoped for more economic growth in 2017, in their speech to mark New Year's Day on Sunday at the presidential palace in Lisbon.
They said the country has taken ‘small steps' but much was still left to do, Xinhua reported.
“2016 was a year of immediate management, of political stabilization and concern with financial rigor," they said. "2017 has to be a year of long-term management and of defining and executing a sustained economic growth strategy."
They added that the country had learnt that by working together success was possible and said that it was undeniable that there was now social and political stability.
They pointed to the country's agreement to raise the national minimum wage, the European Union accepting the country's state budget, the implementation of international commitments, the reinforcement of the banking system and compensation to people hit by the crisis.
"We have taken small steps, as small as they might be, to correct injustices and to create a less tense, less divided and less negative climate in the country and a more confident image internationally," they said.
While pointing to a ‘positive balance' achieved last year, they said economic growth had been ‘delayed and insufficient'. They also said the public debt was still too high and the justice system too slow.
Portugal's state budget for 2017 forecasts economic growth of 1.5 percent and a budget deficit of 1.6 percent of the gross domestic product. It also forecasts an inflation of 1.5 percent and unemployment to decrease to 10.3 percent.
Portugal has one of the European Union's highest government debt levels, which currently stands at around 130 percent of GDP.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Thousands of Australians gathered at pre-dawn services on Wednesday to commemorate the moment when Australian and New Zealand Army Corps troops waded ashore at the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey 103 years ago in their first major battle of World War I.
Because extremists have targeted annual ANZAC Day ceremonies in the past, concrete barriers were placed around the service in downtown Sydney to protect those who gathered at Martin Place.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, their French counterpart Edouard Philippe and the heir to the British throne, Prince Charles, will mark ANZAC Day in France with a service that also commemorates the 100th anniversary of Australian troops taking the town of Villers-Bretonneux from the Germans. Villers-Bretonneux is now home to the main Australian Memorial of the Western Front.
At Villers-Bretonneux, Turnbull and Philippe on Tuesday unveiled a memorial plaque at the new Sir John Monash Centre museum which is named after the Australian general responsible for taking the town.
Advertisement
Turnbull and their wife, Lucy, also visited the grave of their great uncle Roger Hughes who was killed by a German shell in 1916 five days after arriving on the Western Front as a young military doctor.
Turnbull said in an ANZAC Day message that Australians remember veterans of every generation who risked their lives for their country.
"We best honor the ANZACs of 1918 and the First World War by supporting today's service men and women," Turnbull said on social media.
Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton represents the Australian government at a service at ANZAC Cove at Gallipoli, where the Australian and New Zealand troops landed under British command in an ill-fated attempt to take the Ottoman Empire out of the war.
More than 44,000 Allied soldiers were killed at Gallipoli. Turkish casualties were estimated at 250,000.
At the Australian War Memorial in the capital Canberra, an estimated crowd of 38,000 — 10 percent of the city's population — gathered in the cool autumn darkness for the dawn service which began with a lone soldier playing a didgeridoo.
"The attendance at this year's dawn service shows the enduring connection so many people have to Anzac Day," Memorial Director Brendan Nelson said in a statement.
Every budding science or technology writer needs a Mary Mulvihill. Mary, Ireland's beloved science communicator who died three years ago, aged only 55, is perfectly remembered and celebrated with the Mary Mulvihill Award for science writing.
This year's first prize, on the competition theme of Science: Whose facts? Whose truth? went to Trinity College Dublin postgraduate Katie Carbonara. Them fiercely passionate, provocative and stylish essay questioning science's own biases signals a writer and thinker of promise.
Abeba Birhane and Siobhán Grayson, PhD students in cognitive science and computer science at University College Dublin, received the runner-up prize for their jointly written, well-researched, engaging essay on the pervasiveness of secretive algorithms with hidden biases that can influence society at the deepest levels.
As one of the judges in this year's competition, I was delighted by these two very different but equally inspiring pieces, each invested with the same spirit Mary brought to their own work – probing curiosity and hard-earned knowledge forming the foundation of a lively, accessible science communication.
Fledging writers
I love the idea that, through this annual competition and its celebration of science writing, Mary's guiding touch lives on, influencing fledging writers and – as I truly hope with Katie, Abeba and Siobhán – encouraging them to further explore their communication talents.
Just as Mary once encouraged me. I was fortunate to be one of those people in Ireland who, over many years, had this endlessly energetic, enthusiastic, generous science writer, editor, broadcaster, tour leader, consultant, researcher and explorer (what didn't they do?) as a shaping force in their lives.
Mary commissioned numerous pieces from me when they were co-editing the magazine Technology Ireland in the 1990s. At the time, I was doing freelance work as a journalist and had mostly focused on the ready market then for features on every possible topic anyone would pay me to write about.
But I particularly loved writing about technology, a subject that was only just beginning to make its way into mainstream newspapers. Technology was gradually becoming of more general interest, especially as the internet was a new thing in businesses and an increasing number of homes.
The very first tech piece I had published anywhere was a feature in this newspaper, on resources for women on the internet at a time when the net was dominated by men. This was so long ago that though I included some addresses for sites on the newfangled world wide web, I also noted some sites where you could FTP over files of interest (millennials will need to go google FTP).
Slightly fearful
Not long after, Mary approached me out of the blue to try my hand at apiece for Technology Ireland. A real magazine. And a chance to write on some serious tech research topics. I was thrilled and in awe of Mary's expertise across so many areas. And to be honest, slightly fearful of same, because I wondered if writing for them would expose and confirm my worst imposter syndrome anxieties.
But no. They had a talent for identifying and encouraging everything a person could do well, while gently (if firmly) suggesting areas where a writer might expand more here, or refocus over there. In short, they were the ideal editor, open to story pitches, trusting in their writer's abilities, honest about a piece of writing but without censure, having a true mentor's instinct for looking forward, shaping a person towards what they could do.
Under that support and guidance, I soon found that the freelance technology subjects they let me try my hand at, became a passion and a career.
But helping to mould a whole generation of science and tech writers and editors in Ireland, is only a tiny portion of Mary's legacy.
Because of course, the most important beneficiary has been you. All of you. The students who in schools across the country, studied their books on Ireland's scientific legacy and great scientists – including so many women whose achievements across science and technology were half-forgotten but rightly restored and celebrated.
The readers who discovered new interests through Mary's regular pieces in this newspaper over the years as well as in Technology Ireland and other publications, and read their books, such as the ground-breaking Ingenious Ireland.
Botanic Gardens
The listeners who were inspired by their exploration of every aspect of science on radio and in their podcasts and walking tours, which revealed the most surprising facts about the hidden science all around, whether on the streets of Dublin or in the Botanic Gardens or their much-loved Dead Zoo, the Natural History Museum.
Much of Mary's best work, including their Ingenious Ireland lectures and downloadable walking tours, are archived on the Mary Mulvihill Award website, here:marymulvihillaward.ie/mary-mulvihill/further-reading/, where, thankfully, they can continue to inspire and entertain.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) — AOL Instant Messenger, the ubiquitous program that gave rise to online chat and countless abbreviations and acronyms, will be discontinued this year, its parent company Oath announced Friday.
Michael Albers, VP of Communications Product at Oath – the new company made up of Verizon, Yahoo and AOL properties – said in their announcement that the program now better known as AIM “tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed.”
“As a result, we've made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM effective December 15, 2017,” Albers said in their statement.
AIM was launched as a standalone app in 1997 after proving to be wildly popular within the AOL desktop program. Arguably, it was more widely used than competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN, but usage began to slow when Google launched GChat, which was discontinued earlier this year in favor of Google Hangouts.
Facebook Messenger, and Facebook's practice of pushing its 2 billion users to download the mobile app, all but guaranteed other chat programs' demise.
Read more at CBSLA.com.
Pascal Wehrlein admits it's a "weird feeling" to be left on the sidelines as the 2018 season begins.
The Mercedes-backed German drove for Manor and Sauber in 2016 and 2017 respectively, but is now heading back to the German touring car series DTM.
"Of course I'd like to still be in formula one and I think I've shown I deserve a place over the past two years," Wehrlein told the Sudkurier newspaper.
"There are now two of my former teammates (Esteban Ocon and Marcus Ericsson) on the grid that I beat that are still there, which is a weird feeling. But I'm looking forward to the task in DTM now," they added.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Razer has announced a new variant of its gamer-focused smartphone to celebrate The Year of the Dog as observed by the Chinese calendar.
Officially dubbed the 2018 Gold Edition Razer Phone, the limited edition handset ships in a red-sleeved box adorned with gold foiling that's accompanied by a certificate of ownership. The standard triple-headed snake logo on the rear of the phone also features a golden tone.
Aside from the special packaging and gold-colored Razer logo, however, the offering is identical to the standard Razer Phone.
Getting your hands on this exclusive piece of tech could be a tough task. Razer says it will be available to purchase at just three carrier locations in Hong Kong and online at RazerStore Hong Kong and RazerStore US while supplies last. Razer will only offer 1,688 Gold Edition phones meaning if you want one, you'd better act quick.
The good news for perspective buyers is that Razer isn't charging more for the Gold Edition device. Assuming you can find it in stock, you'll pay the same $699 that you'd shell out for the standard model.
Razer unveiled its first smartphone last November. The gamer-focused phone features a 5.7-inch, 120Hz Sharp IGZO display driven by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 SoC alongside 8GB of RAM and 64GB of local flash storage. The phone isn't perfect as Mike Fahey pointed out in their December review but “it's a damn good start.”
The Montecito Association will hold a Montecito Water District Board General Election Candidates Forum at 6 p.m. Oct. 20 in the Montecito Union School auditorium, 385 San Ysidro Road in Montecito.
The four candidates running for two director seats, Tom Mosby, Charles Newman, Tobe Plough and Floyd Wicks, will be asked to comment on their positions and views of desalination, economics of water, alternative potential water sources and conservation, and how those might impact Montecito.
The Montecito Association's goal is to help the community understand the complex issues concerning our water supply and to become informed about possible solutions to our current water security crisis.
Montecito voters are encouraged to attend to learn more about the candidates and their visions for water security for the community.
Contact the Montecito Association, 969-2026, with any questions.
The Montecito Association has not and will not be endorsing or supporting a candidate in this race.
—Victoria Greene for the Montecito Association.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ 3D Cell Culture Scaffold Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143380/request-sample
3D Cell Culture Scaffold market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global 3D Cell Culture Scaffold Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global 3D Cell Culture Scaffold industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for 3D Cell Culture Scaffold Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the 3D Cell Culture Scaffold market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-3d-cell-culture-scaffold-market-professional-survey-143380.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global 3D Cell Culture Scaffold market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes 3D Cell Culture Scaffold market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, 3D Cell Culture Scaffold industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global 3D Cell Culture Scaffold market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
Mayflies swarm gas station in Slidell Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com
by
Dr. Holly Hayman, DNP, RN, CHPN, of Greensboro has been promoted to Director of Clinical Services at Compass Regional Hospice, which offers individuals, families and the community “Care on your terms” through comprehensive, professional and compassionate end-of-life care and grief support, serving Queen Anne's, Kent and Caroline counties.
“We are so excited to announce the promotion of Dr. Holly Hayman to Director of Clinical Services,” said Heather Guerieri, executive director, Compass Regional Hospice. “Holly has been a longtime employee of Compass Regional Hospice and has held many roles, with many years of hospice and palliative care experience. As we have grown, their vision for restructuring our clinical operations is just the direction Compass Regional Hospice needs. As part of the senior leadership team, they will help me strategize to ensure Compass Regional Hospice continues to be the best in the industry and continues to be forward-thinking.”
As Director of Clinical Services, Hayman will be responsible for the coordination of direct and indirect patient services provided by all clinical staff, including home health aides and nurses, and their support staff. In addition to coordinating care, Hayman will assign clinical staff to patients; provide guidance and counseling to all clinical staff to assist them in providing top-of-the-line hospice care services to Compass Regional Hospice patients; and assist clinicians in establishing immediate and long-term therapeutic care, setting priorities for care and developing plans of care. They also will help to promote hospice care within the community; will receive referrals for Compass Regional Hospice's hospice and Bridges programs; and will maintain clinical records and supply inventories for patient services.“We are so excited to announce the promotion of Dr. Holly Hayman to Director of Clinical Services,” said Heather Guerieri, executive director, Compass Regional Hospice. “Holly has been a longtime employee of Compass Regional Hospice and has held many roles, with many years of hospice and palliative care experience. As we have grown, their vision for restructuring our clinical operations is just the direction Compass Regional Hospice needs. As part of the senior leadership team, they will help me strategize to ensure Compass Regional Hospice continues to be the best in the industry and continues to be forward-thinking.”
“I will guide the clinical department, so we can provide the quality end-of-life care we are known for,” Hayman said. “I'm thrilled to be a part of such an excellent organization that provides compassionate care at the end of life. I think there is a lot of good the organization can do out in the community, and that we've been working on out in the community, so it's going to be good to be able to continue that, as well.”
Hayman was promoted from the position of Director of Compliance and Education. Hayman will incorporate responsibilities they have held under the position of Director of Compliance and Education into their new role as Director of Clinical Services. Those responsibilities will include reviewing, revising and implementing policies and procedures to maintain compliance with local, state and federal regulations regarding licensure and certification of hospice personnel; ensuring compliance with Medicare regulations and Joint Commission standards; and integrating ethical principles into all aspects of hospice care practice.
Hayman said a large part of their role as Director of Compliance and Education was collaborating with others on the local and state level about hospice professional development, and their new role will continue ensure staff are offered opportunities to grow and succeed about continuing education in the hospice field. They also will continue to hire and orient all new clinical staff.
This restructuring will help Compass Regional Hospice and its clinical staff during its growth to continue to deliver the best “Care on your terms” to its patients, as well as their families and caregivers.
“Our goal, to have these clinical and educational components tied together and working well as a team, is that we will be continuing to provide the high quality of care that Compass Regional Hospice so embraces,” Hayman said. “We see the importance of the regulatory guidelines — guidelines that help us navigate, and which serve as the groundwork for what hospice truly is. Everything is important — there truly is a link between all our departments — and this restructuring will help us to streamline this communication process, which in turn will help us to better serve our community.”
Hayman received their Doctor of Nursing Practice from Salisbury University, where they received their diploma on May 23. They defended their dissertation, completed at Compass Regional Hospice, on “The Symptom Management Protocol and Hospice Nurse Educational Intervention in Proof Management of Exacerbated Symptoms.”
“The project not only helped Compass Regional Hospice, but it also helps the hospice and palliative care world,” Hayman said.
They began their nursing career in 2006, working in telemetry and public health. They began at Hospice of Queen Anne's, now Compass Regional Health, in 2011, as a case managing nurse. In 2013, they left Compass to teach nursing students full-time at Chesapeake College in Wye Mills, while staying on with Compass Regional Hospice as an alternative nursing resource, when needed. They came back to Compass Regional Hospice full-time summer 2017 as a clinical educator. As Compass Regional Hospice grew, and in their role as Clinical Educator, they took on more responsibilities and they were offered the position of Director of Compliance and Education.
“We found that, because education is tied so tightly to quality, and with all of the changes in the regulations that were and are occurring, we really needed someone who could direct the quality and chart auditing, and the reporting to Medicare, that all hospice agencies are required to comply with, in addition to complying with all other regulatory areas,” Hayman said.
Looking forward, Compass Regional Hospice is continuing to grow, and is seeking a clinical field manager, clinical team leaders, an admissions nurse and additional nurses and certified nursing assistants to assist with a growing need for hospice care in the communities the organization serves — Queen Anne's, Kent and Caroline counties.
Compass Regional Hospice – Care on your terms
Compass Regional Hospice is a fully licensed, independent, community-based nonprofit organization certified by Medicare and the state of Maryland and accredited by the Joint Commission. Since 1985, Compass Regional Hospice has been dedicated to supporting people of all ages through the challenge of living with a life-limiting illness and learning to live following the death of a loved one. Today, the organization is a regional provider of hospice care and grief support in Queen Anne's, Kent and Caroline counties. “Care on your terms” is the promise that guides staff and volunteers as they care for patients in private residences, nursing homes, assisted living facilities and the residential hospice centers in Centreville, Chestertown and Denton. Grief support services are offered to children, adults and families of patients who died under hospice care, as well as members of the community who are grieving the loss of a loved one, through The Hope and Healing Center. For more information about Compass Regional Hospice, visit compassregionalhospice.org.
Image copyright Getty Images
Women don't fit in, don't want the hassle, and struggle with "complex issues".
Those are just some of the reasons given for not appointing women to FTSE company boards, according to a report on gender balance.
The government-backed Hampton-Alexander Review called it shocking, while a minister branded the excuses "pitiful".
The government wants to ensure that at least a third of FTSE 350 company board members are women by 2020.
While the review's interim report found that things are definitely improving, some companies seem to be dragging their feet and paying only lip service to diversity.
The top 10 excuses for not appointing women were:
"I don't think women fit comfortably into the board environment"
"There aren't that many women with the right credentials and depth of experience to sit on the board - the issues covered are extremely complex"
"Most women don't want the hassle or pressure of sitting on a board"
"Shareholders just aren't interested in the make-up of the board, so why should we be?"
"My other board colleagues wouldn't want to appoint a woman on our board"
"All the 'good' women have already been snapped up"
"We have one woman already on the board, so we are done - it is someone else's turn"
"There aren't any vacancies at the moment - if there were I would think about appointing a woman"
"We need to build the pipeline from the bottom - there just aren't enough senior women in this sector"
"I can't just appoint a woman because I want to"
The explanations come from a range of FTSE 350 chairs and chief executives which were heard by the team conducting the review.
Amanda Mackenzie, chief executive of Business in the Community, said: "As you read this list of excuses you might think it's 1918 not 2018.
"It reads like a script from a comedy parody but it's true. Surely we can now tackle this once and for all."
'Blocking progress'
The number of all-male FTSE 350 company boards fell from 152 in 2011 to 10 in 2017.
However, Sir Philip Hampton, the senior City figure who is leading the review, said companies were still a long way off from meeting the 2020 target.
"We used to hear these excuses regularly a few years ago, thankfully much less so now.
"However, leaders expressing warm words of support but actually doing very little to appoint women into top jobs - or quietly blocking progress - are really not much better."
And Business Minister Andrew Griffiths said such "appalling" excuses proved companies have more work to do.
"It's shocking that some businesses think these pitiful and patronising excuses are acceptable reasons to keep women from the top jobs.
"Our most successful companies are those that champion diversity."
The review is due to publish its latest figures on the number of women on FTSE 350 boards on 27 June.
Swapan Dasgupta
Occasionally, it is an inconsequential offering on Twitter that can encapsulate a larger trend. On May 27, a day marking the 54th death anniversary of India's first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, an erudite head of a think tank that allegedly dissects and influences public policy reflected that "We once had a prime minister who could use the word 'palimpsest' appropriately in a sentence."
They are, naturally, referring to Nehru who had an easy command over English prose. This was not surprising because English was their first language - the language they dreamt in - and they had been educated since their teens at the best institutions of England. They are, as Rab Butler, the Master of Trinity College, Cambridge - their alma mater - was to say at a memorial dinner in the college after their death, "one of us."
In hindsight, Nehru has been mocked for being the "last Englishman to rule India". Their intimate friendship with Countess Mountbatten, their very upper-class infatuation with socialist ideals, their great love for parliamentary traditions and their refined aesthetics are today more decried than appreciated in a New India that is in search of authenticity. This may be a trifle unfair since Nehru was unquestionably a popular leader, democratically sanctioned by the people and even inspirational to India's immediate post-Independence generation - at least until the 1962 conflict with China punctured their reputation.
However, the slightly contrived nostalgia for Nehru's stylistic grandeur had an obvious contemporary context: the first prime minister's anglicized and cosmopolitan demeanour was being juxtaposed with the earthy bluntness of our present prime minister, Narendra Modi. This was stated quite explicitly in the #RememberingNehru tweet of a Congress spokesperson on May 27: "Jawaharlal Nehru was a dignified noble statesman. Narendra Modi is just a petty, confidence-trickster of a politician."
This sneering contempt for a popularly elected leader seems widespread among a slice of what may be called the intellectual classes. This includes an influential section of the Delhi-based media, the type of people who flock to literary festivals, academics in the social sciences departments (both at home and abroad), NGO activists and even a section of big business that hitherto depended on 'managing the environment' for their growth and prosperity.
There is also a pronounced regional dimension. Last week, Modi was in Santiniketan to host the Bangladesh prime minister, Sheikh Hasina Wajed, for the inauguration of a Bangladesh Bhavan at Visva-Bharati University. They were present in their capacity as the ex-officio acharya (chancellor) of the university founded by Rabindranath Tagore, a tradition dating back to 1951 when the institution came under the charge of the Centre. This was the first occasion Modi was visiting Santiniketan for a ceremonial function of this nature and the event naturally aroused curiosity and interest.
Modi's speech on the occasion was a marked departure from convention. Apart from the fact that the acharya didn't read from a scripted speech - they had made elaborate mental notes - the address was also not a typical, ponderous convocation speech that only dwelt with the rich legacy of Tagore, the importance of Indo-Bangladesh ties and proffered homilies on education policy. Modi is not that type of speaker. The prime minister sought to link education with the actual initiatives taken by the government in regenerating India. It wasn't exactly an election speech but it was a quasi-political speech, another example of their very evangelical approach to governance.
Predictably, the speech and the tone in which it was delivered raised some eyebrows. But what gave some people additional discomfort was that the non-invited crowd comprising a mix of students, local youth and people from neighbouring areas responded to the prime minister with the by now familiar boisterous chants of 'Modi, Modi'. The chants may have been spontaneous or simply a copy-cat emulation of what people had seen on television of Modi's other rallies across the country. Whatever the reason, the event gave some people and a section of the local media a handle to suggest that the prime minister had somehow defiled Santiniketan with their inappropriate presence.
When Modi won the 2014 election, they were largely an unknown commodity in West Bengal. People may have been aware of their reputation - both their development work and their alleged complicity in the riots of 2002 - but they were still tentative about him. Less tentative were the media and the intellectuals who - particularly after Mamata Banerjee's spectacular re-election in 2016 - had persuaded themselves that Modi was the nearest Indian approximation of a fascist dictator. It is not important how this exaggerated caricature came into being, what is relevant is that this image was deeply held among those who prided themselves on their educational and cultural superiority. To this was added a belief that the world view of Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party was completely at variance with all the social and cultural assumptions of the Bengali bhadralok. There was, of course, the culinary divide between the vegetarian Hindu and the meat and fish eating Bengali Shakta tradition. But more important, the authenticity that was at the heart of Modi's ecosystem was implicitly at loggerheads with the cosmopolitanism that Bengali intellectuals imagined was their signature tune. In crude terms, it was Bollywood versus the art films with subtitles.
This is not to suggest that Modi's popularity among Indian voters shrinks as we go higher up the chain of personal achievement. All available electoral data suggest that the BJP has well and truly ousted, at the all-India level at least, the Congress as the preferred choice of high-income voters. Even among graduates, Modi remains the flavour of the season among those whose jobs involve familiarity with technology and business.
Could this divide between those who see themselves as creative intellectuals and those whose self-image is one of being middle class be explained by Modi's emphasis on aspirations, efficiency and robust patriotism? It is well known that the hostility of the Delhi-based media, particularly the editors, to Modi can be substantially explained by the government's clampdown on official leaks and its withdrawal of traditional influence-peddling perquisites. But, curiously, this hostility isn't always shared by readers and viewers. For example, the two top slots in the English-language news segment have been consistently occupied by channels that seem favourably inclined towards the prime minister. The popularity of the anchors who claim that they are the target of death threats by Modi's wild bhakts continues to be modest, despite repeated proclamations of victimhood. The recent honey trap sting revelations aimed at suggesting that media organizations are susceptible to bribery by pro-Hindutva bodies were interesting for what they revealed about covert marketing. However, the more awkward reality wasn't addressed: that, as much as revenues, consumer pressure often dictates the editorial direction of media outlets. Those who have disregarded this principle have invariably witnessed an adverse impact on their bottom lines.
In the coming 11 months, as the general election campaign intensifies, the country is likely to see many more gestures of intellectual defiance of Modi. There will be collective petitions, street marches, newspaper articles, television interventions and imaginative protests aimed at showing to the public that the enlightened notables of India don't support Modi. These protests may have some impact. In the main, however, the Indian public appears to have seriously discounted the intervention of those who carry the jholawala tag. More than the projected image of Modi the chaiwala tyrant, it is the stereotype of the fashionably unproductive intellectual whose views are being blocked out.
The erosion of the Congress ecosystem has created a patronage deficit for India's listed intellectuals. The anti-Modi tremors are an inevitable consequence, both in Bengal and elsewhere.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory.
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for their 12th save in 13 opportunities.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters they faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. Their ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.51.
Jay singled in the seventh to extend their hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was the inning was not over.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. They came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. They gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in their second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding their game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from their minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. They will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
"When he's right, he's a productive bullpen piece," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "From the beginning on, it's just been a struggle for him. He's been dealing with foot problems and with back problems and continuing to try to pitch through it. We got to the point, where the best thing is just get Blaine healthy because they can help us when he's healthy."
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making their big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the series opener.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County got back to winning ways in the Championship with a 3-0 win over Brentford at Pride Park.
Tom Huddlestone netted their first goal for the Rams , with January signing Cameron Jerome adding a second before half time.
Brenford's Sergi Canos went in on Marcus Olsson inside the centre circle in the first half, and referee Peter Bankes did not hesitate in showing the forward a straight red card.
Gary Rowett's side were awarded a penalty in the final minutes, and Matej Vydra stepped up to put Derby 3-0 up with their 16th league goal of the season.
The Derby Telegraph's chief football writer Steve Nicholson was at Pride Park, and has given their own video verdict on the win, and has also handed out their own player ratings.
Managing Director Nepal Airline Corporation (NAC) Sugat Ratna Kansakar said that Nepal Airlines will undergo strategic shift along with the addition of the two wide-body aircraft in its fleet, with more focus on Nepal's tourism sector. MD Kansakar said that wide-body aircraft have enormous benefits in the country's tourism sector and also the entire economy, which many people fail to realize.
In their recent interview to The Himalayan Times, a leading daily, MD Kansakar, who transformed Nepal's telecommunication sector taking a major decision as a chief executive officer of Nepal Telecom, said expressed their confidence that NAC will successfully fly two wide body aircraft.
“It might be challenging for Nepal Airlines for a few months to fly the new wide-body aircraft with full occupancy, but we are confident about these aircraft gradually witnessing good seat occupancy,” said MD Kansakar, who even risked their carrier five years ago ordering Airbus to Nepal Airlines.
MD Kansakar, who was given clean cheat by court, even was sent to prison in their decision to purchase new aircraft for Nepal Airlines Corporation, which was virtually at the stage of collapse due to lack of aircraft.
“After the two wide-body aircraft are brought into operation, NAC expects its market share in international flight business to grow by five to six per cent. Nepal Airlines will undergo strategic shift along with the addition of the two wide-body aircraft in its fleet, with more focus on Nepal's tourism sector. Wide-body aircraft have enormous benefits in the country's tourism sector and also the entire economy, which many people fail to realize,” said MD Kansakar.
At a time when some people are expressing skeptical about NAC's capacity, MD Kanskar has their point. “I know there are still a few people who are skeptical about NAC purchasing wide-body aircraft. They say that the national flag carrier might face a business risk with the addition of these new long-range and expensive aircraft.”
There are risks in any business and it is all about managing those risks and having a contingency plan. We have done thorough homework and I can say that the new Airbus A330-200 aircraft have numerous benefits. These long-range planes can fly continuously for over 10 hours —meaning these aircraft can fly non-stop to Japan, Korea and a few European nations. NAC mainly chose the Airbus A330-200 over other aircraft was due to its long flying capacity. As Nepal Airlines plans to eventually fly to European nations, these 274-seater wide-body aircraft will play a significant role to tap European tourists. A few people had even questioned the ability of NAC to operate wide-body aircraft. But such inferiority complex impedes the growth in any sector,” said Kansakar.
As Nepal Airlines' share in the international flight segment among the airline companies that operate at the Tribhuvan International Airport is around 10 per cent, MD Kansakar is confidence that the share will increase following operation of all aircraft.
“You see the drastic change next year. As the second aircraft is scheduled to arrive on July 26, Nepal Airlines capacity will goes up.
“As per international practice, new aircraft are operated to existing destinations for a few months prior to flying to new destinations. Thus, these aircraft will fly to existing destinations like Doha and Qatar for the first couple of months. By then, we will have all logistics ready to operate these aircraft to Seoul of South Korea and Narita of Japan. Gradually, we will fly these aircraft to Saudi Arabia and other new destinations,” said Kansakar.
Global Average Seat Occupancy
The truth is that NAC's average seat occupancy in international flights is above 75 per cent, which is the global average. It might be challenging for Nepal Airlines for a few months to fly the new wide-body aircraft with full occupancy, but we are confident about these aircraft gradually witnessing good seat occupancy. We have already decided to recruit one general sales agent (GSA) each in Seoul and Narita, who will take the entire responsibility of marketing Nepal's tourism and the national flag carrier in their respective countries. GSA is not required in all destinations. We do not have any GSA in Hong Kong, Thailand and Kuala Lumpur. The GSAs will be responsible for ensuring that Nepal Airlines' aircraft fly to and from their nations with better seat occupancy. Currently, NAC operates flights to eight international destinations, with NAC's seat occupancy in some destinations better than other rival airline companies. It has to be noted that any new star hotel that starts operation will not have full room occupancy overnight. It is the same with any new aircraft too.
Solution To Shortage of Cockpit
Shortage of cockpit crew, especially pilots, is being faced by airlines across the world. Even Chinese and Indian airlines have employed foreign pilots. Despite such crunch, NAC is currently able to operate its Airbus A320 with its own cockpit crew. Even Airbus is surprised with the capacity that NAC has developed in the past few years to operate Airbus A320 with Nepal's own cockpit crew members. However, we cannot operate all our aircraft with our own crew members. The only option is to hire foreigners. In a bid to operate the two new wide-body aircraft, we recently published global tender seeking pilots and other crew members. We expect interested foreign companies to submit their sealed quotations within a few days and NAC will hire competitive crew members, especially pilots, to operate these aircraft.
On Foreign Pilots
In terms of appointing foreign pilots, NAC will give due priority to the number of hours that the pilots have logged in their career till date. For the two A330-200 wide-body aircraft, we require 18 pilots and co-pilot each. However, we have already trained four Nepali co-pilots and four pilots to operate the wide-body aircraft. This means that we will hire 28 foreign cockpit crew members through the competitive bidding.
Appointment of Strategic Partners
Appointing a strategic partner for NAC is completely within the jurisdiction of the government. As far as I know, the Ministry of Finance has sent back the proposal of the Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation (MoCTCA) to appoint concerned strategic partner for NAC, raising a few questions. In fact, there is also debate among employees of NAC on whether it is necessary to bring in a strategic management partner at NAC or not. Similarly, questions are also being raised on the goals that the government wants to fulfill by bringing in a strategic partner. Till today, NAC has been managing all the technical and commercial aspects through its own staff and the result has been satisfactory. NAC's engineers and technical manpower are globally competitive. Also, the concept of a strategic partnership has not been tried so far in any of the existing government-owned entities. If a strategic partner is hired for NAC, it is going to be the first experiment for Nepal. Bringing in a partner might also mean that the partner will have some stake in NAC. But this is not possible, as NAC cannot sell its share to other firms as per existing legal provisions. We can sell shares only if NAC is converted into a company. But big airlines can be brought in as a partner of NAC without any stake. So, it is all up to the government.
Government Policy
It is again all about the policy of the government. The government should analyze whether or not strategic partners are necessary for NAC. But the decision should be guided by the performance of Nepal Airlines by using available data. NAC handles almost 2.5 million baggage every year. A little baggage are mishandled some times. Taking this sporadic lapse into consideration, is it necessary to bring a strategic partner? The performance of any airline is judged on the basis of reliability, occupancy and punctuality. In all these three aspects, I believe that Nepal Airlines is operating at par with the global average statistically.
NAC's Constraint
The major constraint of NAC is lack of aircraft. Recently, ambassador of Myanmar to Nepal urged me to conduct direct flight to Myanmar citing that its citizens are interested to visit Nepal. Similarly, the Sri Lankan government is also urging NAC to start direct flights to Colombo. If we have enough aircraft, it will automatically improve the position of the national flag carrier.
The Santa Barbara County Public Health Department has been recognized by the International Board of Lactation Consultant Examiners and the International Lactation Consultant Association for excellence in lactation care.
This international recognition was provided based on a high level of professionally certified staff, program availability for breastfeeding families and various activities that help protect, promote and support breastfeeding.
There is now a strong body of research that reflects health benefits for mothers and children associated with breastfeeding. Breastfeeding is normal nutrition for infants. The PHD and Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) Program are a valuable source of breastfeeding information and support. The risk of not breastfeeding includes: more ear infections, colds and flu, asthma, allergies, obesity, diabetes and other health-related issues.
The millennial or Generation Y is the new face of motherhood. This generation is responsible for 76 percent of all births and 85 percent of first births. The PHD Breastfeeding Program is successful and supportive to families in many ways including:
» Services and support are provided to women during pregnancy and following the birth of a child.
» Has some of the highest breastfeeding rates in California.
» Two peer counselors who provide ongoing support and assistance.
» “Bfed” innovative two way texting programs to meet the needs of Gen Y. Ninety three percent of WIC participants own a cell phone, 79 percent have unlimited texting and 55 percent have a smartphone with Internet service.
» Twenty-one lactation educators provide basic support. Five internationally board-certified lactation consultants complete high risk assessments and follow-ups.
» Mothers on Medi-Cal are eligible for this specialized service at no cost.
» Lactation consultants are located in WIC and health-care center sites to facilitate easy access.
» WIC has developed a new targeted Gen Y interactive learner centered prenatal breastfeeding class where the topics are “apps” and the participants use their cell phone in the class.
» WIC participants have access to 378 electric breast pumps.
» All staff is bilingual in English and Spanish.
“We are pleased to have such high-caliber staff and quality services to our local community,” said Meg Beard, MPH, MCHES, RD, IBCLC, breastfeeding coordinator. “Together we are improving maternal and child health by promoting and prioritizing breastfeeding.”
They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.681.5276.
— Susan Klein-Rothschild is a public information officer for the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department.
Texas Rangers watch the second inning of a spring training game against the Seattle Mariners from the bullpen on Sunday, March 5, 2017 at the Peoria Sports Complex in Peoria, Arizona. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Once again the Rangers have dipped into the ranks of ex-pats returning from Japan to bolster the bullpen.
According to two industry sources, the Rangers have reached a deal with Arlington's Chris Martin, who spent the last two years as a top reliever for ... wait for it ... Shohei Ohtani's Nippon-Ham club. Martin, 31, will receive a two-year deal worth $4 million that includes incentives. As is often the case with players who return from Japan, they can become a free agent after the deal, even though they won't have the required six years of service.
Martin, who attended Arlington High School and McLennan Community College in Waco, had a 1.12 ERA over 92 games and 88 innings with Nippon-Ham. They fit the mold of what the Rangers have been actively seeking this winter: Extreme strike-throwers. They had 91 strikeouts and just 13 walks in their time in Japan.
Martin reached the majors in 2014 with Colorado and also pitched for the New York Yankees in 2015 before going to Japan. They have a 6.19 ERA in 40 major league games.
In the bullpen, they join Tony Barnette, who returned from Japan after 2015 and signed a two-year deal with the Rangers. Barnette recently re-signed with the Rangers for $1.5 million for 2018.
Martin had a 94 mph fastball before they left to Japan, but reportedly has upped that by another mile per hour or two. They also throw a slider and a cutter.
QUOTE: “Committing mistakes is something human and sometimes inevitable. However, not learning from mistakes may suggest that something is fundamentally amiss because it subjects the individual, group, country or society to perpetually commit the same mistakes.” Dr. Peter Adwok Nyaba
By: Bol Khan, South Sudanese, MAY/30/2018, SSN;
What is IGAD's imperative priority in South Sudan's tedious peace mediation? Is IGAD aiming to bring about a peace accord that saves the lives of suffering ordinary people of South Sudan or a shaky peace deal that serves only the politicians' interests?
The HLRF's Round Two of Phase III that recently ended in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, without a signed deal was supposed to be the last round of South Sudan's four years old Peace process.
The public thought that even if the delegates fail to reach a comprehensive deal by themselves, then IGAD was going to come up with a neutral and moderate proposal to narrow the gaps or differences between the negotiating parties.
This was what's in the mind of every South Sudanese citizens. However, unexpectedly, when the IGAD's “Bridging Proposal” was out, everybody including the author was dumbfounded.
I was surprised and bewildered because the IGAD's proposal would appear like aiming to serve only the politicians' interests.
Let us take for example, in the structure of governance branches, the IGAD proposed an additional position of Third Vice President, forty-two (42) ministers, fifteen (15) Deputy Ministers, four hundred and forty (440) members of Parliaments.
A transitional poor government with five hundred and-one (501) cabinet and parliament members excluding the Advisors, Councils of States' members, bureaucrats at the various ministries, heads of commissions and Directors… name them all.
Just assume that the parties have had accepted and signed IGAD's Bridging Proposal,” how big would such a government be?
Again, the IGAD also proposed a six (6) member Transition Facilitation Council (TFC), monetary rewards for all those would-be displaced persons from positions both in National and in the States governments.
“Where, as a consequence of the allocation of positions under this agreement, a post-holder is displaced from a post, the Transitional Government shall make every effort to find an alternative position for that person, including in the reconstituted boards and commissions as appropriate.”
The proposal said “the affected person may include: (a) A member of the Executive, (b) A Governor or other office holder in a State; and a member of TNL” (Transition National Legislature).
“In the event that a person cannot be accommodated in a suitable alternative position, the Transitional Government shall endeavor to make an appropriate ex-gratia payment or form of compensation to that person.”
Generally, looking at the nature of proposed governance and security sectors, IGAD did not only expose itself as a coalition that aims to create jobs or interests for politicians but also a regional alliance that is indirectly putting the lives of suffering South Sudanese ordinary citizens into greater and further danger.
“Benefits and Standing of Former leaders”
Furthermore, the IGAD also proposed that a revitalized Transitional Government would work to give the benefits, incentives and standing of former leaders.
“Within 30 days of the signing of this Agreement, Legislation shall be introduced in the TNLA to make adequate provision for the benefits, emoluments and standing of former leaders. Legislation shall provide for benefits of a former leader, including an office staff, protection and allocation of sufficient resource commensurate to their standing as leaders.”
This increasingly casts much doubt in IGAD's precedence in South Sudan's peace revitalization process. Yes, it is not dreadful idea to pay leaders benefits especially in stable countries where leaders correctly serve the nation's interests.
However, in reality, what good thing have those leaders done so far and/or in the people of South Sudan's interest, rather than these immense damages they have been causing in South Sudan since 2013?
They are not leaders of national stature. Therefore, the benefits that the IGAD “Bridging Proposal” proposed are all unnecessary.
Instead, the proposed resources should only be used to rebuild the nation and lives of the ordinary citizens who are suffering or to provide them better security, development and peace dividends in the country, South Sudan.
Are there elected and legitimate leaders in the Republic of South Sudan?
Who are the democratically elected Leaders in the Republic of South Sudan? In other words, who is a democratically elected President, Parliamentarian or Governor in the Republic of South Sudan today?
I think there is none, because there was neither Executive nor parliamentarian elections ever conducted in the Republic of South Sudan since 2011!
Hence, there is no legitimate leader today in the Republic of South Sudan who could claim that he/she is a democratically elected leader.
Since 9 July 2011 to 21 May 2018, South Sudan has been operating under two consecutive transitional rules of unelected governments.
The first transition, interim and constitutional (leaders) term in offices government (after independence) ended on 21 May 2015. Moreover, the second transition government that was provided by August 2015 Compromise Peace Agreement also ended on 17 May 2018.
This is the reason why the ordinary people of South Sudan have been calling on IGAD to impose a peace solution that is in the interest of South Sudanese ordinary citizens.
Conclusion
What is the interest of South Sudanese's ordinary citizens?
The central interest of South Sudanese citizens is to have a better peace deal in South Sudan that addresses the root causes of the conflict.
A deal, that holds all perpetrators accountable for atrocities they have committed as stipulated in a revitalizing ARCISS.
The interest of the people is a peace agreement that does not reward politicians for atrocities they have had committed instead.
A deal, that installs a responsible, balanced and lean government to implement peace and security, restore deteriorated economic situation, a sincere honest government that will unconditionally organize free and fair general elections at the end of transitional period.
The people of South Sudan are interested not in a shaky peace deal that who's aim is just to renew the lifespan of politicians in offices at the expense of innocent citizens' lives.
What the people of South Sudan do not want is a precarious peace deal that shall be susceptible to people lives just like August 2015 Agreement.
In this regard, IGAD must first acknowledge publicly its practical and proven failure in solving South Sudan's crisis or its complicity in all these enormous suffering the ordinary citizens of South Sudan are today facing in and around the country.
Therefore, IGAD must choose to implement one of the following two popular demands, forthwith:
— (a) Either assure and prioritize the ordinary citizens' interest (not again politicians' interest) by bringing peace back to South Sudan within one or two weeks, maximum;
— (b) Or hand over the South Sudan's peace process to AU or UN, a global body.
This is what the people of South Sudan are greatly yearning for. “Committing mistakes is something human and sometimes inevitable. However, not learning from mistakes may suggest that something is fundamentally amiss because it subjects the individual, group, country or society to perpetually commit the same mistakes”.
IGAD or others should learn from lack of proper security arrangements, impunity and imbalanced power that impeded smooth and successful implementation of August 2015 Peace Agreement.
Where we have had transitional period which was agreed upon in 2015, become wasted three (3) years without any tangible change towards the lives of innocent South Sudanese people who are now suffering in South Sudan and in the neighboring countries.
The author, Bol Khan, is a South Sudanese Activist and Freelance Writer.  They are reachable on khanrom8@gmail.com
The jury at the conspiracy to defraud and false accounting trial of former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive David Drumm have been sent home for a second night, after deliberating for just under two hours .
The nine men and three women began considering a verdict on Tuesday, day 81 of proceedings, after one of the longest running trials in the history of the State.
They have now been deliberating for a total of three hours and nine minutes following the 16-week trial at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court.
Judge Karen O'Connor told jurors that they required a unanimous verdict in relation to both counts against Mr Drumm (51).
“However, you must consider each count separately and can acquit or convict on either or both,” they said.
The judge reminded them that Mr Drumm had pleaded not guilty and was presumed innocent and it was only for the to find otherwise.
They said they were dealing with two separate trials within a trial, and asked them to consider each of the charges against the defendant separately.
It is the State's case that Mr Drumm conspired with Irish Life & Permanent's former CEO, Denis Casey, Anglo's former financial director Willie McAteer and former Head of Treasury at Anglo, John Bowe, and others to carry out €7.2 billion in fraudulent transactions in order to bolster the customer deposits figure on the bank's balance sheet.
Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd, located in Vancouver, Canada, is a hi-tech company mainly engaged in research, production and sales of natural plant-based medicines. The company is led by Chinese-Canadian scientist Joshua Yu who devoted themselves into the phytomedicine research and application for years. The company aims to extract active anticancer ingredients from natural medicinal plants to assist the treatment and recovery of cancer.
Focusing on the research of rare ginsenosides that exhibit anticancer activities
Ginsenosides are natural compounds extracted from Araliaceae plants like Panax ginseng. Since ginsenosides were found to exhibit anticancer property in the 1960s, scientists have been working on the study of rare ginsenosides.
With in-depth research on ginsenosides, scientist found that rare ginsenosides, the metabolite of prototype ginsenosides, exhibit more powerful anticancer activities in many aspects, including inhibiting angiogenesis in malignant lesions, alleviating toxicity induced by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and increasing drug sensitivity, reversing multiple drug resistance of malignant cells and delaying drug-resistant cycle. Scientists have determined at least 30 rare ginsenosides, including Rk2, Rh3, Rh2, Rg3, Rg5, Rk1, Rk3, Rh1, Rh4, aPPT, aPPD.
Interested much in the potential medical use of rare ginsenosides, Royal Enoch focused on the research of ginseng and rare ginsenosides.
Technology challenges for practical application
Although a quantity of scientific research had made it clear that rare ginsenosides have anticancer effects, converting rare ginsenosides into anti-cancer products from was very difficult due to technical challenges. Firstly, rare ginsenosides could not be made in large quantities through industrialized preparation due to the high cost of the raw materials and immaturity of the preparation methodologies. Rare ginsenosides in Araliaceae species were almost undetectable, and even after heat processing, the extraction rate reaches only 0.001% to 0.01%.
Another challenge was that prototype ginsenosides in their natural forms, including ginsenosides R1, Ra1, Ra2, Ra3, Rb1, Rb2, Rb3, Rc, Rd, Rg1, could not be directly absorbed by human bodies. They must first undergo the metabolism in the gastrointestinal mucosa and be converted into rare ginsenosides before effective absorption could take place.
Moreover, rare ginsenosides are hardly water-soluble or lipid-soluble, and traditional dispersion technology of preparation was not advanced enough to achieve optimal absorption and utilization.
Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd committed to tackling challenges
Faced with these technical challenges, Joshua Yu, the founder of Royal Enoch, with their team devoted a great deal of energy and efforts to tackling these difficulties.
Dr.Yu specialized in phytomedicine research and application for years. After receiving a doctorate of natural science (chemistry) at the University of Göttingen in Germany, they engaged in postdoctoral research at the Department of Chemistry, University of British Columbia, Canada. Dr. Yu participated in a number of major research projects and published many papers and patients in the well-known periodicals and academic conferences.
Four core technologies for 16 years of scientific research
Devoted to phytomedicine research for over 10 years, Dr. Yu's team eventually invented 4 core technologies, conquering difficulties in extraction, processing, transformation, and formulation of ginseng extracts. These four core technologies are:
Raw material processing technology: With the use of unique steam explosion technology, a new type of American red ginseng, which contains various prototype ginsenosides and rare ginsenosides, could be successfully obtained.
Ginsenosides extraction technology: The new molecular structure directional modification technology makes it possible to separately extract prototype ginsenosides and rare ginsenosides
In vitro biotransformation technology: The unique highly directional sugar degradation and dehydration transformation technology helps transform prototype ginsenosides into rare ginsenosides.
Drug formulation technology: By employing the nano solid dispersions and microcapsule technology, multiple rare ginsenosides are formulated into the Redsenol water-soluble hard gelatin capsules and Redsenol-DAG sublingual pills. They act together synergistically to achieve an augmented effect.
The unveiling of Redsenol Series products
Royal Enoch established a GMP standard industrial mass production base in Vancouver and soon launched Redsenol Series rare ginsenosides products, which has gained high band recognition among consumers. The first product Redsenol rare ginsenosides capsules was launched in Canada, USA, and China in 2015. The product contains 16 rare ginsenosides, with synergistic effects working together including highly active rare ginsenoside Rg5, Rk2, Rk3, Rh3, Rh4, aPPD and aPPT, which is superior to the products with only one rare ginsenoside.
Royal Enoch unveiled their second-generation product “Redsenol DAG sublingual pills” in 2017. The product features 8 highly active rare ginsenosides with high concentrations of active ingredients like ginsenoside Rg5, Rk2, and aPPD. The unique nano solid dispersion technology makes this product more absorbable through sublingual administration. Redsenol DAG sublingual pills now are available on the global e-commerce platforms like Amazon.com and JD.com.
The emergence of Redsenol Series marks a new era in the rare ginsenoside field. With synergistic advantages of multiple highly active rare ginsenosides, Redsenol Series outperform the products with only one rare ginsenoside.
Contact:
Company: Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd.
Address: 3800 Wesbrook Mall, Vancouver, BC, Canada,V6S 2L9
Tel: +16046389936
Email: global@enophyto.com
Website: https://enophyto.com/en/
The flow-on impact of China's recycling ban has been bigger than our industry expected, prompting the launch of a new taskforce.
New Zealand previously shipped millions of kilograms of waste to Chinese processing plants each year, but its just-introduced ban on 24 types of foreign waste has forced recyclers to look for buyers elsewhere, mainly Southeast Asia.
Most of it was mixed paper and mixed plastics that weren't recycled locally the way other recyclables like glass, aluminium and cardboard were.
Although exports to Indonesia, Thailand and Malaysia have surged, stockpiles of some plastics have begun to appear around the country as certain types of products became harder to sell.
Advertisement
"The ban has had a greater impact than the industry expected and we need a coordinated response from central and local government, together with the waste and business sectors," Associate Environment Minister Eugenie Sage said today.
A special taskforce was being set up within the Ministry for the Environment to lead the response.
A separate working group with representatives from councils and the sector would provide independent advice.
Sage said the recycling sector was facing pressure from the significant drop in global commodity prices.
The latest Customs figures showed the 2.7m kg of plastic waste sent to China in the first quarter of last year had dropped to just 125,904kg over the same time this year, and the associated value fell from $1.7m to little more than $100,000.
Last month, the Herald reported some grades of plastic waste collected by Wellington City Council had been temporarily stored while markets improved, but these products were now being sold overseas, although at a lower price.
In Auckland, where 70,000 tonnes of kerbside recycling had been previously shipped to China, contractor Visy was also looking for other markets.
"It is clear that this situation is not sustainable," Sage said.
"Several small stockpiles of recyclable materials have been building around the country, where smaller operators don't have ready access to alternative markets.
"The Government is using funds from the waste levy to invest in projects that will accelerate New Zealand's transition to a circular economy, including investing in onshore recycling plants.
"We are also looking at options such as expanding the waste levy to more landfills, improving the data we have on waste including recyclables, and other tools to reduce the environmental harm of products such as flight attendantship, levies and bans."
The announcement comes on the same day the recycling sector released a new discussion document calling on the Government for urgent action.
WasteMinz chief executive Paul Evans said the collapse in international recycling markets has left the recycling sector in New Zealand in a vulnerable position.
"Without positive action to address the issue, recyclable material could be sent to landfill, councils and communities will suffer financially, and operators could go out of business."
The sector wanted new funding to ensure recyclables weren't sent to landfill and for better data.
Longer term, it called for a revised national waste strategy, changes to the waste disposal levy, new product flight attendantship and design regulations, and a "positive approach" to public sector procurement of recycled products.
"While there is a lot to do, everything that has been set out in this discussion paper can be achieved using existing funding sources and legislation," Evans said.
"The sector is engaged and willing to work positively with the Government to ensure these things happen. But we need decisive action."
The role changes will become effective from June 1
Three chief commercial officer Grant Stevenson has stepped down from their role and replaced by Richard Woodward (pictured), while Darren Purkis is promoted to chief financial officer from their deputy role.
The role changes will become effective from Friday (June 1). Three said in a statement that from today, “The commercial activities of the business will now be combined into a single unit under Richard, who will be responsible for delivery of all of Three's margin and channel activities”.
Stevenson spent 18 months in the role, departing due to family reasons, and will return to Australia. Prior to Three UK they were a senior advisor for Hutchinson Whampoa for two years and Three Scandinavia CFO from 2012 to 2014. They held several director roles in over four years at Vodafone Hutchinson Australia between 2007 to 2011, departing in the dual role; director of strategy and integration, and deputy CFO.
Woodard who steps into the CCO role spent over eight years as CFO since 2010. They also held the role at Three's Scandinavian business for three year and a half years until 2009.
New CFO Darren Purkis sees a step up from their deputy CFO position. They have spent nine years with the operator. Prior to Three they were finance director at Warehouse Fashions and has held finance roles for Borders Books, Kingfisher plc and Marks & Spencer Group.
Dr Lily Canter reviews The Jungle Book at the Royal & Derngate, Northampton
It had the makings of a full blown disaster. My husband loathes musical theatre, my two-year-old refuses to sit still and my five-year-old does not stop talking - ever.
Kezia Joseph as Mowgli and Dyfrig Morris as Baloo. Picture by Manuel Harlan
And yet Jessica Swale's adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's short stories had us all enraptured from the get go.
Playing at Royal & Derngate until the end of the year as a captivating alternative to their pantomime, The Jungle Book is beguiling, thrilling and witty in equal measure.
Drawing from the original late 19th-century Kipling books The Jungle Book and The Second Jungle Book, Swales has created a familiar story rooted in contemporary politics.
The multicultural cast are a refreshing sight and lend weight to the central themes of diversity, acceptance and finding your place in the world.
Kezia Joseph as Mowgli and company. Picture by Manuel Harlan
Raised by wolves and taken under the unlikely guardianship of a bear and a panther, a young boy must fight for survival in a mystical world where they feel they do not belong.
The innovative construction of the set with ladders and ropes suspended from on high and a central rotating stage allow the troupe of 11 actors and musicians to create a sense of speed and height during the shows' most dramatic moments.
Some of these darker, and louder, elements of the story are a little daunting for toddlers, mine included, but they are carefully juxtaposed with an array of 12 musical numbers which are now deeply ingrained in my eldest son's vocal repertoire.
Those expecting a Disney-fied experience will be in for a shock, as this murkier, layered, version includes some violent deaths and a deliciously wicked leather-clad punk Shere Khan.
Deborah Oyaelade as Bagheera and Dyrig Morris as Baloo and company. Picture by Manuel Harlan
Indeed Disney's film has been accused of latent racism and this is turned on its head in this stage play via the script and casting which demonstrate the importance of education, communication and tolerance.
Central character man-club Mowgli is played by astonishingly athletic female lead Keziah Joseph, whilst Baloo the bumbling sloth bear proudly embraces their Welsh heritage whilst offering the required light relief.
Meanwhile both Bagheera the black panther and Kaa the hypnotic python are switched to empowered female roles, making The Jungle Book a surprisingly feminist adaptation.
All of this will of course go over the heads of younger audience members who will simply delight in the gripping story, catchy tunes and farting monkeys.
The story may be over 120 years old but this adaptation ensures it is relevant and powerful, with something for audience members of all ages to enjoy.
* The Jungle Book runs at Royal & Derngate from now until Sunday December 31. Book tickets at www.royalandderngate.co.uk or 01604 624811.
GUELPH, Ont. — Police in southwestern Ontario have laid 12 new charges against a practitioner of traditional Chinese medicine, accused last year of sexually assaulting several patients.
The Guelph Police Service says Sherman Lai, who also performed acupuncture, was charged with one count of sexual assault in October 2017.
Between November 2017 and April 2018, the 58-year-old was charged with 16 more counts of sexual assault, two counts of assault with a weapon, two counts of possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, and two counts of uttering death threats.
Police say Lai was charged on Tuesday with one additional count of sexual assault, six more counts of assault, one more count of assault with a weapon, three counts of uttering threats and one count of forcible confinement.
A lot of things happen inside the Bigg Boss 11 house. What we watch on television is just one part of the whole drama. The uncut and unseen videos of Bigg Boss 11 are available on Voot.
Recently, Bollywood film, Fukrey Returns' cast, Pulkit Samrat, Varun Sharma, Richa Chadda and Manjoth, visited the Bigg Boss house to promote their film. Apparently, Pulkit Samrat is an old friend of Vikas Gupta and Hiten Tejwani!
Pulkit & Hiten In Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi Vikas Gupta worked with Hiten Tejwani and Pulkit Samrat in Star Plus' popular show, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi. Vikas was upset with Pulkit as they felt that the Bollywood actor ignored him! Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi Cast A source was quoted by IE as saying, "Pulkit made their debut with Kyunki..., and since Vikas worked as a creative with the show, they have known each other quite well." Vikas Upset! "When Vikas saw Pulkit entering the house, they excitedly went on to hug him. But Pulkit, who is now a Bollywood face didn't seem quite interested in reviving old times and met them casually, just as they would meet any other contestant. This left Vikas quite upset." Hiten & Vikas Apparently, after the actors left the Bigg Boss house, Vikas was seen discussing the same with Hiten Tejwani. But Hiten told Vikas that maybe it was not their intention and they shouldn't take it to heart! Pulkit With Salman Interestingly, Pulkit, who had fallout with their wife Shweta Rohira (Salman's rakhi sister), didn't share an awkward moment on stage with Salman. The cast was seen having a good time with Salman on the Bigg Boss set. Pulkit Samrat Apologises To Vikas Gupta! A few hours ago, Pulkit Samrat took to social media to apologised to Bigg Boss 11 contestant, Vikas Gupta. Pulkit Tweeted "Buddy, apologies if you felt I gave you a cold shoulder inside the @BiggBoss house.. we all were excited and shaking with the thought of sharing the stage with Bhai.. unke saamne bolti band bro! Hope u understand! More power to you n wish you the best always! 🤘🤗@lostboy54."
#VirushkaWEDDING: Karan Patel, Kapil Sharma, Arjun Bijlani & Other TV Celebs Wish Anushka & Virat!
Fanatical followers can routinely recite the first-choice All Blacks team. It may, then, surprise that they haven't selected the same starting line-up in successive matches for almost two years, since the last World Cup final.
Around bar leaners; over stubbies and simply from the comfort of the couch, discussing selections was an age old past time well before Winston Peters launched their political career.
Every New Zealand rugby follower has a firm view on who should play where and when. Debates rage along domestic allegiances but, take the bias away, and it is usually clear who the All Blacks prefer in most positions.
Sonny Bill Williams is their favoured second five-eighth; Sam Cane the openside, Liam Squire now to blindside, Aaron Smith the halfback... and on it goes. The team that plays the Springboks in Cape Town on Sunday morning (NZT) is their strongest available.
Advertisement
Selection is never as simple as rolling out the best team, though. Not in the modern era. Rugby is a combative, brutal sport. Injuries occur. Suspensions, sabbaticals, rotation all play their part in the week-to-week puzzle.
Rest and rotation was vilified in the wake of the All Blacks' disastrous quarterfinal exit at the 2007 World Cup. Lessons have, clearly, been absorbed about how this strategy was carried out and taken to the extreme. What we are now witnessing appears an evolution of that initial ideology.
This is why despite losing over 800 test caps post the 2015 World Cup, the All Blacks were not as vulnerable as many predicted; not forced to start again. Things largely carried on as normal last year because extensive work had been put into grooming deputies.
Building depth remains an on-going challenge, one that has been a clear and obvious goal for Steve Hansen and their management group. To this point, they have managed it brilliantly, dropping two games in two years while navigating unexpected deflections and developing a host of talented players.
Analysis from the Herald shows the extent the All Blacks have gone in attempts to create two or three options in each position.
They made an average of 4.7 starting changes (67 in total) across 14 tests in 2016. On the bench, they averaged 2.7 tweaks in the same period. That's seven or eight squad changes per match.
To this same stage last year, the All Blacks made 3.6 changes per-test. This year, after one more game against Samoa where they made one starting change the following week, Hansen has stepped that up to 4.6 changes per test (42 in total).
That will only increase in the coming months, particularly in fixtures against the Barbarians and a mid-week French XV where experimentation is certain.
Comparing Rugby Championships alone, the All Blacks have made 14 more starting changes (28 in six games) and one more on the bench this year than last.
Some of those were injury enforced - losing starting front-rowers Owen Franks and Joe Moody is not something the All Blacks planned on. Yet in step Kane Hames and Nepo Laulala.
The majority of those changes are, however, made for development or workload reasons. These figures also reveal just how comfortable the All Blacks are against the likes of the Pumas, who are now viewed with long-term goals in mind and welcomed as a chance to blood players and build valuable experience.
Stats from Sky Sport commentator Scotty Stevenson reveal the All Blacks have used 36 players in this year's Rugby Championship - six more than Argentina and five more than Australia and South Africa.
More players equal greater depth. Prior to the second test against the Boks, only nine All Blacks played in all five games.
This year the All Blacks have seamlessly promoted David Havili, Vaea Fifita, Ngani Laumape and Jordie Barrett. Last year Damian McKenzie, Rieko Ioane, Anton Lienert-Brown, Squire, Scott Barrett, Ofa Tu'ungafasi and Hames joined the ranks.
All now feature regularly, and deepen the pool of tested talent ultimately competing for the 2019 World Cup squad.
On the workload front, for the first time this year Hansen took a calculated gamble by leaving Brodie Retallick, Sam Whitelock, Cane, Squire, Ryan Crotty and Lima Sopoaga home from the trip to Buenos Aires to mitigate fatigue.
Vice-captain Ben Smith, on a five month break away from the game, is another example of preserving senior figures.
Others such as Whitelock loathe being spelled. If it was up to them they would front. But with the amount of rugby and taxing travel top players now endure, it is impossible to play every week with the same degree of consistency without inevitably breaking down.
Over time the All Blacks have realised rotation is necessary to avoid hitting the wall come the end of year tour, as they did in their final test against France in Paris last season.
Amid constant change, building continuity and cohesion can be difficult. But against their traditional Southern Hemisphere foes, the All Blacks always seem two steps ahead.
All Blacks rotation:
2016:
67 starting changes in 14 tests
38 bench changes
2017:
42 starting changes in nine tests
23 bench changes
Rugby Championship:
2016:
14 starting changes
17 bench changes
2017:
28 starting changes
18 bench changes
An East Village corner was co-named Saturday in honor of two men killed there two years ago in a gas explosion.
Second Avenue between Seventh Street and St. Marks Place will now bear the names of Moises Locón, 27, and Nicholas Figueroa, 23, who were killed in the thunderous blast that engulfed four buildings in flames, collapsing two of them.
The streets were renamed Moises Locón Way and Nicholas Figueroa Way.
Family members of the victims, local elected officials and first responders attended the ceremony.
“In the East Village we will never forget the tragedy that took place taking two precious lives,” Councilwoman Rosie Mendez tweeted. “This was a healing moment for all.”
The explosion was blamed on an illegal cost-cutting gas-delivery system allegedly set up by building owner Maria Hrynenko and their son, Michael.
Periodic water shortages will continue to worsen in the Greater Dublin Area unless water is piped from the Shannon, according to an Engineers Ireland report published on Wednesday.
‘State of Ireland 2018 - A Review of Infrastructure in Ireland' found the State's water and flood-prevention measures were “ inadequately maintained, unable to meet peak demand and requiring significant investment”.
Caroline Spillane, chief executive of Engineers Ireland, said water shortages faced recently by thousands of households and businesses across the Dublin, eastern and midlands regions would continue to worsen unless plans to source water from the Shannon are delivered “as soon as possible”.
The project would have capacity to meet the needs of more than 40 per cent of the Irish population beyond 2050, they said. It would be the first major new water source in the region for more than 60 years.
Although the major focus of the report is on water and flooding, Engineers Ireland has also called for immediate upgrades in the areas of transport, energy, transport, communications and waste.
The report says major projects are needed to reduce water leakage from 44 per cent to about 35 per cent. According to the document, some 118 flood relief schemes must be built and new flood and forecasting warning systems are needed.
Engineers Ireland also warned of a looming skills crisis with a shortage of “engineers and other construction professionals [which is] risking our capacity to deliver critical infrastructure projects”.
The report is based on the insights of two expert advisory panels made up of 40 engineering experts, in conjunction with a survey of 1,000 chartered engineers across Ireland.
In terms of transport the report supports the building of the Eastern Bypass road for Dublin City linking the Dublin Tunnel to the N11, multi-point tolling on the M50, more Luas lines and park-and-ride facilities, Metrolink and additional incentives for users of electric vehicles.
In the communications sector the report recommends awarding the contract for the national broadband plan “without delay” and to implement plans for 5G mobile networks.
In terms of waste management, the report calls for more incineration capacity and prioritisation of waste treatment facilities in the State, including the capacity for anaerobic digestion and biological treatment.
In the energy sector the report calls for a “deep retrofit” of homes and public buildings to reduce energy demand and increase energy efficiency.
It also wants to see some 900,000 homes that are not connected to the gas network to convert to an appropriate electric heating solution.
Peter Quinn, president of Engineers Ireland, said: “These priority recommendations need to be delivered if we are to meet current environmental, social and economic challenges. And only sustained action in these areas will enable us to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change.”
They said delivering the Government strategy Project Ireland 2040 would be “impossible without expanded industry and a larger engineering workforce”. Mr Quinn added: “We face challenges posed by skills shortages, particularly in the civil and building engineering field. I would like to encourage more young people, especially young women, to pursue a career in engineering. ”
Warren Gatland is expected to overlook a number of England's Six Nations champions when they name their British & Irish Lions squad on Wednesday, with the second-row Joe Launchbury among those to miss out.
Launchbury excelled for England throughout the tournament but is up against Alun Wyn Jones, who captained the Lions in the final Test in 2013, Maro Itoje, Courtney Lawes, the Ireland pair of Iain Henderson and Donnacha Ryan, as well as the fit-again George Kruis, for one of what is expected to be five second-row positions.
Kruis returned for Saracens against Northampton on Sunday to make their first appearance since having knee surgery in January and lasted 80 minutes in front of the watching Steve Borthwick, one of the Lions assistant coaches. Considering they were singled out by Gatland as being still in their thoughts despite missing the Six Nations, Kruis's timely return may prove Launchbury's undoing.
Jonathan Joseph is also likely to be a shock omission from Gatland's squad, while George Ford's recent struggles for Bath – Rob Howley was in attendance during their defeat by Worcester last weekend – means their stock has fallen and they may instead feature on England's summer tour to Argentina.
Gatland is still likely to pick several Englishmen but it appears Eddie Jones's side's defeat by Ireland on the final weekend of the Six Nations will count against a handful of hopefuls. “I want the English players to front up. And if they do come through it all, yes, that is good for the Lions,” said Gatland, before the start of the Six Nations.
Despite Northampton's defeat the England captain, Dylan Hartley, was another to advance their claims in front of Borthwick and it is believed their name will be a source of debate at the selection meeting on Tuesday.
(Guardian service)
By Rotimi Ojomoyela
Ado-Ekiti—The Deputy National Chairman (South) of the Progressives Congress, APC, Mr Segun Oni, has said there was no truth in the insinuation that they were engaging in anti-party activities by meeting with opposition elements, such as Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose, the Senate Minority Leader, Godswill Akpabio and the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Caretaker Committee chairperson, Senator Ahmed Makarfi.
They said that those making the allegations are placing so much value on him, saying that if however Makarfi decides to visit him, they would welcome him.
Speaking with newsmen over the weekend at their campaign headquarters in Ado-Ekiti, Oni also pointed out that they would resign from their position one month before the governorship primary of their party coming up early next year, to enable them participate as an aspirant.
The former Governor, who was apparently reacting to the mounting agitation that they should quit their position if they wish to contest for the 2018 governorship election in the state, said that the APC constitution is clear about when they should resign as Deputy National Chairman of the party.
Oni said the APC constitution says they must resign one month before the party's primary, noting that they would not disobey their party's law.
The former governor expressed concern about the increasing rate of hate campaign against him.
Maria Sharapova has traced their famously bitter rivalry with Serena Williams back to the 2004 Wimbledon final, and claims the American superstar referred to them as a "little b****".
Sharapova's autobiography Unstoppable: My life So Far, due for release, claims things went pear-shaped between the two after 17-year-old Sharapova had beaten Williams 6 - 1, 6 - 4 in that final.
"When the match was over, Serena hugged me," Sharapova writes, according to the Herald Sun.
"She said something like 'good job' and smiled. But they could not have been smiling on the inside.
Advertisement
"What I heard when I came in to the locker room was Serena Williams bawling. Guttural sobs. I got out as quickly as I could, but they knew I was there.
"People often wonder why I have had so much trouble beating Serena; my record against them is 2 and 19. To me, the answer was in this locker room.
"I think Serena hated me for being the skinny kid who beat her, against all odds, at Wimbledon. But mostly I think they hated me for hearing them cry.
"Not long after the tournament, I heard Serena told a friend - who then told me - 'I will never lose to that little b**** again'."
Sharapova added: "Serena and I should be friends; we have the same passion. To some extent, we have driven each other. Maybe that's what it takes.
"Who knows? Some day, when all this is in our past, maybe we'll become friends."
Kick off Memorial Day weekend at a ball game with a team made up of U.S. military veterans.
Although unlike average baseball players, this team is special. Players of the LS Warriors National Amputee Baseball team have either suffered a loss of limb, partial limb, digits, eye, or serious limb deformities, according to a release. At least half of the players use a prosthesis.
The team has three games scheduled throughout the holiday weekend.
Saturday, May 26 at 9 a.m. at Canyon Springs High School vs. Las Vegas 55's
Saturday, May 26 at 12 p.m. at Canyon Springs High School vs. OC Dodgers
Sunday, May 27 at 10 a.m. at Durango High School vs. D Bat Angels
For more information, visit the team's Facebook page.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Renneti took full advantage of the late absence of red-hot favourite Sutton Place to win the Keelings Irish Strawberry Hurdle at Faryhouse.
The Grade Two events looked at the mercy of Gordon Elliott's smart performer, but it was felt the ground was riding too fast for him, and stablemate Taglietelle, reducing the field to five.
Elliott still fielded three, and their De Plotting Shed led through the early exchanges before Walsh took proceedings into their own hands on Mullins' 5-2 chance, kicking on approaching the third-last.
De Plotting Shed stuck to their task, but Renneti, who has proved less than straightforward on occasions, was enjoying themselves in front and bounded clear to win well.
In the opener, Diakali benefited from an excellent front-running ride by Ruby Walsh to win the Rathbarry & Glenview Studs Hurdle.
With former champion hurdler Jezki sent off the 6-5 favourite, Diakali was available to back at 9-4 and those punters who did so had very little to worry about.
Walsh made sure they went a good clip on the Willie Mullins-trained grey, who was fresh having had just the one run this season since returning from a lengthy absence.
Jezki looked beaten a long way out, but Stars Over The Sea travelled very well before tiring in the straight, having their first run since an outing on the Flat in October.
Walsh was able to give Diakali an easy time in the straight, winning by 20 lengths from Stars Over The Sea, with Hidden Cyclone third. Jezki was last of the five.
Walsh said: “He's not the most straight forward horse to train, but they were in great nick today. They jumped and galloped.
“He was a high-class horse in their day, and you wondered if they could get back to what they were as a juvenile.”
Meanwhile, Project Bluebook provided John Quinn with a welcome big-race winner when sprouting wings after the last to beat Dandy Mag in the Avoca Dunboyne Juvenile Hurdle.
Fourth in the Fred Winter at the Cheltenham Festival, Malton trainer Quinn stepped them up in class on the journey over to Ireland for the Grade Two heat.
Sent off at 9-2 under Barry Geraghty, the four-year-old put in a few sketchy leaps, including at the second-last when they were being manoeuvred for a run up the rail.
On the back foot after that, Dandy Mag and Paul Townend looked set to give Mullins a quickfire double as Ex Patriot's run began to flatten out.
Geraghty, riding like a man possessed, asked for everything, though, and Project Bluebook responded to win going away by half a length, with the result confirmed following a brief flight attendants' inquiry.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Keeping food fresh does not always mean storing it in the fridge.
In fact, if you want to make your weekly shop last, there are some items that you are better storing elswhere.
Foods that you should keep in - or leave out - have been revealed by Money Saving Saving Expert Martin Lewis.
The guidance suggests easy changes you can make to cut down on avoidable food waste, writes Mirror Online.
(Image: Getty)
When trying to keep things fresh, people automatically think to store things in the fridge, but there is a whole host of food that you should never put in there if you want them to last.
Financial guru, Martin Lewis's website Money Saving Expert, has looked at how food should be stored to make them last the longest - even if they are past their 'best before dates'.
Food Standards Agency told the Liverpool Echo: "Best before' date – which concerns food quality and not food safety – should be safe to eat after the stated date, although it may not be at its best quality.
"Consumers can use sensory cues to determine whether the food is suitable to eat, be that looking for visible mould on bread, tasting to see if biscuits or crisps are stale, or smelling some dairy products (with ‘best before' dates) to see if they have soured."
So what should you be keeping out of the fridge?
Potatoes keep best in cool, dry places in their original packaging and away from direct sunlight.
Bananas should never go in the fridge and should be stored in a cool, dry place in their original bag.
Onions keep best in cool, dry places in their original packaging and away from direct sunlight.
Bread should never go in the fridge and and should be stored in a cool, dry place in the packaging, which should be resealed to keep it as fresh as possible.
(Image: Getty)
And what definitely needs to go in the fridge?
Eggs need to stay in their box and in the fridge.
Apples and oranges and most others fruit and veg keep longer in the fridge.
Tomatoes also keep longer in the fridge in their original packaging.
For more information on how to cut food waste check out the Money Saving Expert's advice.
Welcome to the winter of their discontent.
Gov. Bruce Rauner is preparing to step up to the lectern a few hours from now and go through the motions of presenting a plan for a state budget. It will be followed within minutes by leaders of the controlling Democratic Party summarily dismissing it.
It's a tired plot line at this point. Rauner will talk about the need for controls and reform. Democrats will try to convince anyone who will listen that the status quo will work just fine if taxes are raised to allow uncontrolled spending to continue.
At the beginning, the stalemate over Illinois's budget was a result of a clash over principles. Republican Rauner campaigned — and won — because of their repeated calls for change. But Democrats still reign in the Legislature and the only thing they fear besides change is more change.
So now the state has gone more than a year and a half without a complete state budget, and has gone many more years without a balanced budget.
The unwillingness of the sides to negotiate and compromise is a clear indication that the budget impasse has stopped being a clash over principles and has become a battle of egos.
Forget that the state constitution is clear about the roles of both the governor and the General Assembly when it comes to a budget. The governor has to present a balanced budget each year to lawmakers. Lawmakers are required to approve a budget.
Not every now and then.
Not most of the time.
Each year.
Political prognosticators say not to expect any grand epiphanies this time around, though. As long as Rauner stands firm on their call for reform — and, frankly, they should — and as long as powerful House Speaker Michael Madigan refuses to bend, the story is going to have the same ending no matter how many chapters are added.
There is a plot twist emerging, with some Democratic lawmakers openly complaining about the mind-numbing length of time without a budget and the difficulties it is causing.
In a statement Monday, nine legislators with “D” designations said the lack of a state budget has harmed social services, higher education, children and families.
Their frustration is noted. It just raises curiosity as to why it took so long for some lawmakers to grasp what the people are feeling the effects of the budget mess have been conveying for months.
“The last two years have gravely impacted those who need their state government the most — whether it's a disabled individual attempting to maintain their independence and dignity or a working family just trying to make ends meet as they pay for their child to attend child care or college — they deserve a full budget,” chided one of those signing, Rep. Litesa Wallace. “Again, I look forward to the governor prioritizing the people of Illinois with their budget proposal.”
Here's the irony: If nine Democrats had voted against returning Madigan to power last month for the 17th time, chances are they would not have ascended again to the legislative throne. Not one did, although a lone Democrat did vote only as “present.”
Stopping the impasse could have been as easy as standing on conviction and making a change. It's easier, though — and politically safer — to come out after the fact and lament how dire the situation has become with adjectives such as “responsibility,” “vulnerable” and “priorities.”
Maybe the word they're looking for is “karma.”
Middlesbrough 0 Leicester City 0
While 2016 was a year to remember for Leicester City and Middlesbrough, much work is still to be done if 2017 does not turn into an almighty dud. Neither side deserved to win this scrap of a Premier League match that will probably go down as one of the worst this season, with the goalkeepers barely having a save to make and the result not exactly helping either team's bid to move up the table.
Perhaps it was not surprising that this was no free-flowing affair, given Boro and Leicester have scored a combined 41 league goals, a figure equalled or bettered individually by Chelsea, Liverpool and Arsenal.
The result still keeps both teams comfortably above the bottom three but Claudio Ranieri and Aitor Karanka may need to improve the attacking potency in order to move further away from danger.
Both sides made five changes from their respective matches on New Year's eve and the first-half was a fragmented one as a result. Leicester offered little width while Boro often found themselves in strong attacking positions only to be let down by their end product.
The champions held a two-point advantage over Middlesbrough before kick-off and Karanka spoke beforehand of the importance of the match because it came against a relegation rival. Leicester's two points from their first nine away league games is the joint lowest total by defending top-flight champions but they have enjoyed a far superior record over Boro in recent times, not losing in their past 13 meetings.
Brad Guzan replaced Víctor Valdés in goal for Boro, while Leicester's Islam Slimani did not make the squad and Riyad Mahrez was playing their last game before departing for the Africa Cup of Nations.
Leicester started well, with Shinji Okazaki causing problems with their usual injection of energy and a persevering run from the Japan forward saw the ball at the feet of Christian Fuchs on the left-hand edge of the penalty area but the full-back dragged their shot wide.
ADVERTISEMENT
For Boro, their best outlet was Adama Traoré who continues their season of wonderful runs and woeful crossing. On more than one occasion the Spaniard beat their man down the right before failing to deliver a telling ball but they were certainly Middlesbrough's most dangerous proposition.
In the 18th minute Traoré went down on the edge of the area under the challenge of the admirable Robert Huth, with the referee, Robert Madley, giving nothing, before setting up their team's best chance of the half moments later. Traoré drove to the byline and squared the ball across goal for Marten de Roon, but the midfielder could fire only over the crossbar with their first-time effort.
Both sides struggled to create clear scoring opportunities as the match wore on, although Leicester's Andy King and Boro's George Friend – on for the injured Antonio Barragán – both fizzed enticing balls across the box only to evade any onrushing team-mates.
Friend had at least made an impact for Karanka's side and the full-back cut inside from the left in the 68th minute, beat two defenders before slicing wide. Leicester came close when Leonardo Ulloa headed a corner straight at Brad Guzan, but the game was descending into a low-grade affair.
Gaston Ramírez went close to a late goal, firing a low shot into the side netting after a poor headed clearance from West Morgan, but no one deserved to win this match.
(Guardian service)
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent. “The Man” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on their younger self, the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man they are now.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
From Al Jazeera. Any opinions expressed are those of the authors, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iraq Business News.
In 2014, ISIL announced it was taking over nearly all of Iraq and Syria.
But three years later and billions lost, Iraq's Prime Minister Haider Al Abadi says their military has defeated the armed group.
It's been a long road to get to this point. The battle for Mosul alone took months. Almost a million people had to flee, and thousands left behind were killed.
More than eight thousand homes were reportedly destroyed. And that was just one of several Iraqi cities once controlled by ISIL.
What does this mean for Iraq's future?
Presenter:
Sami Zeidan
Guests:
Visitors to White Island this week reported loud sounds coming from the active crater.
GeoNet duty volcanologist Agnes Mazot GeoNet sand the noises were probably come from gas and steam vents on the western side of the crater being drowned as the crater lake level rises.
But volcanic activity levels remained low, they said.
The loud sounds heard mid last month and again this week came from vents on the 2012 lava intrusion, the main source of gas and steam in the main crater.
Advertisement
In the past few weeks water has ponded on the crater floor, reforming the lake. Volcanic activity was confined to the gas-rich vents on the west side of the crater and hot, clear gas continues to be emitted, also at low levels, they said.
"The rising lake level and drowning of some gas-steam vents has occurred in the past and minor steam-driven activity has occurred near these vents," Mazot said.
"The current lake level rise is likely to do the same and the effects are likely to only be local to the vents. Seismic activity on the volcano during the last month has been at low levels, punctuated occasionally by weak volcanic tremors and regional earthquakes nearby."
The Volcanic Alert Level remained at Level 1 and the Aviation Colour code at green.
GeoNet continues to monitor the volcano.
This story is about Published 51m
Expect fireworks at No. 18: Spieth thinks par 5 could yield dramatic eagles, crushing bogeys Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Andrew Redington/Getty Images HARTFORD, WI - JUNE 12: David Lingmerth of Sweden plays a shot on the 18th hole during a practice round prior to the 2017 U.S. Open at Erin Hills on June 12, 2017 in Hartford, Wisconsin. (Photo by Andrew Redington/Getty Images)
By Brad Townsend , Staff Writer Contact Brad Townsend on Twitter: @townbrad
ERIN, Wis. -- Two years ago at Chambers Bay, USGA officials got the not-so-bright idea of playing the 18th hole as "either" a par 4 or par 5. On Friday of that U.S. Open, the hole was playing as a par 4 when Jordan Spieth drove into a bunker, hit the lip with their second shot, then hit into a greenside bunker and took double-bogey. "All in all, I thought it was a dumb hole," Spieth declared that day.
Support group: Scottie Scheffler's golf journey takes them to U.S. Open, with family in tow
Ah, but on Sunday, No. 18 wasn't so dumb as a par 5, especially when Spieth birdied it and Dustin Johnson three-putted from 12 feet, enabling Spieth to become the youngest U.S. Open winner in 92 years. The 18th hole at Erin Hills will play strictly as a par 5 this week. Mr. Chip Shots would hope so, since the hole could play as long as 675 yards or as "little" as 622, depending on which tee box is used during a given round. The potential for fireworks, especially on Sunday, is obvious. "Well, it's exciting, I think, if it's played the right way," Spieth said. "The right way is subjective. But I think most people would agree [it's exciting] if you have an option for an eagle and you've got options for a 6." Spieth, being as analytical a player as Chip Shots can recall, has figured out that if the hole is played with a prevailing downwind and if the green is firm, any shot from beyond 120 will be impossible to hold the green. Why? Because, Spieth said, the green pitches from the middle to the back.
Jordan Spieth breaks down what they think it will take to win U.S. Open at Erin Hills
Sorry, we didn't recognize the link you were trying to embed.
But a good tee shot, Spieth pointed out, enables the possibility of playing into the hole from a better attacking angle. Spieth just knows it's best not to play it like they did in the 2011 U.S. Amateur. "I lost my quarterfinal match [against Jack Senior] by going bunker to bunker." Where was Dustin? Not that Chip Shots would ever complain about covering any aspect of the U.S. Open, but they awoke early Wednesday so they could be on Erin Hills' 10th tee for Dallas resident Scottie Scheffler's scheduled 8:02 a.m. practice round with Dustin Johnson and Brooks Koepka. At 7:59, Koepka arrived, but no sign of Johnson. "Is Dustin coming?" Scheffler asked Koepka. "He's not going to make it," Koepka said, without elaborating. Chip Shots was later informed that Johnson decided to play their practice round later Wednesday because their Tuesday practice round didn't end until after 8 p.m. And later, of course, we learned why their Tuesday practice round was so late -- because they had remained in Los Angeles for the Monday birth of their second son, River Jones Johnson. Relationships matter: Why was Scheffler scheduled to play a practice round with the world's No. 1 player in the first place? Follow along as Chip Shots connects the dots. Johnson's agent/manager is David Winkle, president of Dallas-based Hambric Sports Management. The company also reps Koepka. Blake Smith is vice president of Hambric Sports management and is Koepka's day-to-day manager. Smith is the son of Royal Oaks Pro Emeritus Randy Smith. Randy Smith has been Scheffler's coach since Scottie was 6. And, yes, you better believe Hambric Sports would love to represent Scheffler, who just finished their junior year at Texas but turns 21 next week and conceivably could turn pro at any time. Hoofing it: Chip Shots had the privilege of walking inside the ropes with Scheffler's practice round group, often in the middle of the fairway and along the edges of the greens. Come Thursday and the rest of the week, Chip Shots will have inside the ropes access, but not nearly as free-ranging, for good reason. Though it was only a nine-hole practice round (holes 10-18), Chip Shots got a unique perspective of the shot difficulties and just how hidden many of Erin Hills' 138 bunkers are. A scribe somewhat more famous than Chip Shots, Mark Twain, certainly would not call Erin Hills' 7,741 yards -- the longest course in major championship history -- a good walk. It's not just the 7,741 tees-to-greens yardage. It's been estimated that the combined greens-to-tee walk of Erin Hills' 18 holes distance is more than a mile. Chip Shots figured on getting a sound night's sleep Wednesday -- after walking just nine holes. Come Thursday, he'll try to hoof 18 holes with Spieth, legs willing. Twitter: @Townbrad
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Republican tax plan (all times local):
12:25 p.m.
President Donald Trump is making their final pitch for the Republican tax plan in a speech to the American people.
White House spokesperson Lindsay Walters says Trump will deliver a speech Wednesday on how tax reform will help taxpayers and their families.
Advertisement
Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted a massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
Republicans are eager to prove they can get something done after they failed to dismantle former Barack Obama's health care law earlier this year.
11:33 a.m.
The Trump administration is now estimating the Republican tax bill will generate about $1.8 trillion in new tax revenue over 10 years by boosting economic growth.
But that's a lot more than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts will generate some $409 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years.
President Donald Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
The new Treasury Department analysis out Monday says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations.
The possibility of a Grenfell Tower-type fire in Ireland exists, according to a fire safety expert, but a representative of fire-fighters says the height of buildings currently does not pose a problem for the fire service.
Niall Walsh of CJ Walsh, an architectural and sustainable design firm, said they feared Ireland was following the building and regulatory path taken in the UK - which appears to have contributed to the Grenfell Tower tragedy.
Rainscreen cladding on the London tower was, according to Rydon Construction, put there with the aim of “improving thermal insulation and modernising the exterior of the building”. The company finished refurbishing the building last summer.
Mr Walsh said in an interview that Ireland was “following the English model of building regulation - and that model is inadequate”.
The model was one that eschewed actual inspection of buildings in favour of paper-based checks, they said.
They said there was a need for “independent inspection of buildings”, similar to the regime that was in place in Ireland up until the early 1990s.
As regards building materials and construction methods, which appear to have played a role in the London blaze, Mr Walsh said while it was important not to rush to judgment, “there is definitely a problem with external cladding”.
Such cladding has become popular in recent years for buildings of all sizes - including two-storey residential homes.
External cladding has previously been a factor in the rapid spread of fire in incidents in Australia, the Middle East and Chechnya, Mr Walsh said.
Spread could be rapid
If the material used in external cladding was flammable and fire from an interior passed to the exterior, the spread thereafter could be rapid.
“There's definitely a question with the cladding. There's also a question as to how the fire spread so quickly internally because there was only one fire evacuation staircase, from reports - and that was very quickly smoke clogged,” said Mr Walsh.
Other questions any inquiry was likely to focus on included the fire alarm system, if one existed, and the “stay in place” standard advice to people in residential buildings – that is, return to your apartment, close the door while the fire is fought, and wait for assistance.
“It is criminal to advise people to go back into their apartment and wait. These are not safe places any more,” said Mr Walsh.
Ross MacCobb, chairperson of the Irish Fire and Emergency Services Association, agreed that external insulation was a cause of concern.
“It's made of polyfoam, or a variety of that, all the way to rockwool, which won't ignite although it will burn,” said Mr MacCobb.
Dublin fire-fighters currently had access to turntables that had ladders capable of reaching 32 metres into the air, which, when erected at an angle, gave fire-fighters an elevated reach of some 28 metres, they said.
This would be sufficient for buildings of up to 10 storeys, said Mr MacCobb. They had concerns that planning regulations might soon allow for buildings of a height that would put them out of reach of the fire brigade.
A controversial marina development at Waiheke Island's Kennedy Point has the green light, after an Environment Court ruling yesterday.
Auckland Council-apppointed commissioners approved the 186-berth marina in May last year but SKP Incorporated, which the court said should not be confused with Save Kennedy Point Inc, a different legal entity, appealed the decision.
Tony Mair, director of Kennedy Point Boatharbour, said they were "delighted" the court had now upheld the original decision.
The decision noted that the Environment Court had previously rejected another scheme for Matiatia.
"While Matiatia is the principal passenger entry port to Waiheke, Kennedy Point can be described as the principal commercial entry port, handling as it does primarily vehicular ferries and freight," Environment Court Principal Judge Laurie Newhook's decision said.
Advertisement
Mair, represented by Derek Nolan QC and Kitt Littlejohn, said the decision was vindication for their scheme.
They expect no appeals "as it's very clean. If you read the decision of the principal court judge, you can make your mind up.
"The court has endorsed all of the effort we put into the project. All of our design innovations and the engagement process we followed with key stakeholders Ngāti Paoa and Sealink have been affirmed," Mair said.
"The marina will utilise New Zealand-first floating breakwater technology from Sweden, including floating pontoons for access, car-parking and marina buildings. It will include space for public pick-up and drop-off and day berthage for small boats visiting the island. A café, kayak/SUP storage and community meeting space would be developed. Donald Bruce Road would also be widened to improve ferry queuing," Mair said.
An SKP spokesperson said this morning: "All of us in SKP are utterly sad. We will consider how we will move forward in the next few days."
David Baigent, SKP Inc chairperson and spokesperson said today: "We are disappointed. However, we do not feel defeated. We have been in this process for the benefit not of ourselves but of the environment and our community. We will take the coming days to carefully review this decision and decide on future action."
The court said key features of the scheme were:
• A marina basin created by two floating attenuators, piled in place with no need for dredging, reclamation or breakwaters;
• Marina piers and fingers capable of providing up to 186 berths, all fully reticulated for power and fresh water, set back between 75m and 100m from the foreshore and located in an area of the coastal marina area zoned for moorings:
• New pile moorings and dinghy racks for up to 19 vessels;
• Public pickup and drop off berthage and day berthage for up to 30 trailer boats;
• A floating access and carparking pontoon connected to the land via a hinged gangway and piled wharf structure off Donald Bruce Rd;
• A floating marina office and berth user's facilities with floating community building, viewing deck and storage;
• Public grey and black water pump-out and temporary storage facilities;
• Upgrading Donald Bruce Rd to assist in separating ferry traffic from other traffic and improving the existing carpark.
By Perez Brisibe
UGHELLI—THE Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has said it would not use incident forms in the 2019 general election, adding that it will also reduce human involvement in result collation through the introduction of satellite technology in a bid to maintain its neutrality as an electoral umpire.
INEC commissioner for Akwa Ibom State, Mike Igini, made the disclosure during a live current affairs programme on Television Continental, in commemoration of the 2018 Democracy Day, monitored in Ughelli.
Igini who spoke on efforts by the commission to check the manipulation of results during elections, hinted that over 205 staff of the electoral umpire are currently facing trial for various electoral offences, adding that all things being equal, from the Ekiti State governorship election, the commission would be working with NIGCOMSAT to ensure minimal human interference in result collation.
On the delay in the trial of the 205 INEC staff, they said: “My worry is that the trial is taking too long. We want this thing to be done as quickly as possible because to bring in people into office who ought not to be there is the greatest tragedy you could do to the society and that should not happen.
“INEC must be totally neutral and that neutrality is why we are now creating processes to reduce the human involvement by introducing all measure of technology to be able to deal with human frailties.”
By Luminous Jannamike
ABUJA – A humanitarian organization, Queen Irene Onwuka Peace Foundation (QIOP), yesterday gave books, school bags, shoes and other educational materials to students in the Federal Federal Capital Territory(FCT).
Some indigent pupils were also awarded various categories of scholarships by the foundation at a Children Peace Concert to mark the 2018 National Children's Day.
Over 2000 students drawn from various schools within and outside FCT received one form of educational item or the other at the children's fiesta which held at the International Conference Centre.
Miss Irene Onwuka, a UN Peace Ambassador and founder of the QIOP Foundation, said the gesture was part of the ‘Peace Education Campaign'and ‘Foot Wear for Every Child' initiatives of their organisation.
“This is part of our efforts to empower and unite Nigerian children through charity fiesta, peace education and Children's day celebration.
“In line with the its mandate of advocating peaceful one Nigeria, and of giving hope to every child, QIOP has decided not just to celebrate the Nigerian child today.
“The comic books and other school items given out are our own way of saying we support the education and joy of the Nigerian child, irrespective of their background,” they said.
According to her, to reflect the message of one Nigeria despite religion and tribal differences, students were drawn from both private and public schools from the FCT and other states to attend the event.
They explained that the foundation worked with different school authorities to ensure that pupils were made available for the empowerment, especially the less privileged.
“There is no discrimination, children here came from North,South,East and West of Nigeria, from public and private schools, from rural and urban areas.
“When we make our children understand that they can get help and acceptance from any one and part of Nigeria , then a peaceful and a united nation of our dreams will be guaranteed,”she said.
Onwuka explained that the Federal Capital Territory Administration supported QIOP Foundation in hosting the event.
Some of the beneficiaries expressed delight, saying the kind gesture extended to them by the foundation was a major inspiration they needed to fulfil their dreams.
Miss Miracle Ogar, a student of Government Secondary School Gwagwalada,said: “I am happy to be celebrated and given this materials today,and I pray God to bless the foundation.”
Also, Miss Happy Jacob, a pupil of LEA Primary School, Mabushi, who was given notebooks and other materials, said the foundation had made the childen's day celebration more meaningful to him.
“Queen Irene Foundation has made this year's Children's Day an experience I will never forget,” they said.
Educationists, children rights advocates and celebrities, including ace Nollywood actor Tonto Dikeh, were present at the event.
India is considered to be one of the pioneers in steel manufacturing. The growth in this sector is majorly driven by the fact that the raw materials are made available domestically. The steel sector is believed to be a major contributor of the overall manufacturing output. The industry is on par with that of the developed nations and is proud of the fact that all the manufacturing happens in state-of-the art and ultra-modern steel mills. With continuous modernization and systematic upgradation of older steel plants, the industry has witnessed high levels of energy efficiency.
The industry will produce massive foreign exchange through steel export. With premier quality raw materials readily available and the accessibility to skilled labor, makes this country one of the best choices for import and export. Some of the major benefits of exporting are: that the economy will be loaded with multiplier effects; there will be technology transfer wherein countries will be open for a technological takeoff; foreign investors will be more attracted and will participate actively in the nation's steel development.
Narayani Steels has recently opened up to new avenues in International Business. The company now undertakes export and import of various steel products to and from different countries. Over the years, Narayani has become one of the most trusted suppliers of high quality products to their clients across the country. It is now extending the same to consumers around the SAARC nations. The company also imports coal from Indonesia and supplies it to different pharmaceutical giants in India. Steam Coal is imported from South Africa and supplied to the Ferro Alloys & Sponge Iron Plants in India. The company has also ventured into Ferro and Noble Alloys trading.
To know more visit www.narayanisteels.com
About Narayani
Narayani Steels, based at Visakhapatnam, India founded in 1995 is a diversified corporation that manufactures supplies, imports and exports steel and steel products. This ISO Certified Company offers world class products for a variety of industries.
Media Contact:
Puneet Maroo
Company: Narayani Steels
Address: D.No.,30-15-138/20, 2ndFloor, BinayakaComplex, Dabagardens, Visakhapatnam, 530 020, Andhra Pradesh , India
Phone: 9949667744 / 9440622520
Email: Info@narayanisteels.com
Website: www.narayanisteels.com
Leading up to Saturday night's NFL Honors show in Minnesota, Rams legend Isaac Bruce will anxiously await two things: a knock on their hotel room door, or a phone call. The former means he's been voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame, while the latter means he'll have to wait yet another year.
With this being Bruce's fourth year of eligibility – their second as a finalist – there's a bit of belief that they could get in. That'll be difficult with Terrell Owens and Randy Moss being eligible, too, but Bruce has the numbers to warrant being enshrined in Canton.
He's been through this before, but he's not frustrated or confused. Bruce is simply grateful to even be in this position.
“I think there's normally three responses that you can choose in things like this,” Bruce said, via the team's official site. “One being frustration, one being confusion, and another being grateful. I choose to go with the latter — being grateful and being thankful. Coming from where I came from and looking at my stature personally and the personal gifts that were given me, all I can do is a BS grateful.”
When they retired, Bruce was second all-time in receiving yards, trailing only the great Jerry Rice. He's since dropped to fifth, but that should still be a high enough ranking to get them into Canton. It's a bit puzzling why they haven't gotten in yet, given their 91 career touchdown catches and 1,024 receptions.
If they do get inducted on Saturday night, Bruce believes it'll mean more to Rams nation than it will to them as an individual.
“My wife always says I minimize stuff, and I always look at that as a compliment because to me there is nothing bigger than salvation, No. 1. And I have my children, I have my wife,” Bruce said. “I think it's bigger for Rams nation — Los Angeles and St. Louis. It's bigger for the guys who coached me, guys who helped me, teammates, family, and friends. It's huge for them because when I speak to them and this subject comes up, they do most of the talking about it. So, it's really for them.”
The early feeling is that Bruce will miss out on Canton once again, unless both Moss and Owens are somehow kept out. In the event of that happening, Bruce could sneak in as the only wide receiver.
You can't go 17-12 without doing a lot of things right. On Tuesday, the South County boys' basketball team did everything right.
The result was a 57-43 win over Springfield Lutheran at Franklin, the Vipers' first win over the Crusaders in four tries.
“We played four quarters tonight,” South County coach Dave Suits said. “That's been — our consistency has just been the toughest thing all year, finding those four quarters to play. And tonight, everybody brought it all four quarters. It was a nice win.”
The win carried a little added significance because South County opens the playoffs with a game against Lutheran at Pawnee on Monday night (7 p.m. tip-off). It will be the Vipers' fifth game against Lutheran, on the fifth different court.
“Heading into the regional, you're 1-3 against an opponent, you usually don't feel great,” Suits said. “I felt good coming into this one. I thought we made a lot of adjustments from the last game, and quite honestly, we played well the last time we played them. We just had a five-minute stretch where we didn't score — gave up a 19-0 run, and that was a killer. I felt pretty good coming in. I thought the kids were ready to go.”
There were no such lapses Tuesday night. Lutheran grabbed a quick 11-4 lead, but South County scored the next six points to cut it to 11-10. Mark Talbert had a rebound lay-in, then Ryan Couturiaux, honored before the game for scoring their 1,000th point earlier this season, drove in for a layup. Talbert lobbed the ball to Ben Fromme on a backdoor cut for another layup, and Lutheran's lead was cut to one.
The two teams were tied 12-12 at the end of the first quarter, and 22-22 at the half. Lutheran edged ahead 27-26 in the third quarter, and then suddenly, the game changed. Justin Gill, who had been knocked down going for a rebound the last time downcourt, knocked down a jump shot to give South County a 28-27 lead. Then Lutheran turned the ball over on the press, and Couturiaux flew to the basket for a three-point play. After Lutheran missed a shot, Fromme grabbed a missed shot and put in a short jumper to increase the Vipers' lead to 34-27.
South County held the lead from there. A three-point shot by Gill in the final minute of the quarter gave the Vipers a 40-34 advantage going into the fourth quarter. Gill finished with 21 points and 10 rebounds.
“Justin's been, the second half of the year he's really stepped up as a leader,” Suits said. “Our seniors, I feel like they're playing really well right now. I feel like they're using their teammates the right way, and I feel like they're kind of hitting their stride, which we want to do this time of the year, I hope.”
South County improved top 17-12.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_A23W7185.jpg http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_A23W7394.jpg http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_A23W7341.jpg http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_A23W7303.jpg http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_A23W7355.jpg http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_A23Ws7337.jpg http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_A2s3W7211.jpg http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_A23W7287.jpg
NewsOne Staff
Ohio Pastor Darrell Scott is bringing their talked-about summit to address gun violence in Chicago to Washington D.C. on Tuesday after talking with President Donald Trump in February, reports the Chicago Tribune.
From the Chicago Tribune:
And Scott is no longer describing the attendees as “top gang thugs.” Now they're “former street guys.”“It's what I always said it was going to be,” Scott told Chicago Inc.
During a televised Feb. 1 meeting with Trump, Scott said they had secured a commitment from gang leaders to “lower the body count” in exchange for federal funds for social programs. That claim was greeted with widespread skepticism by Chicagoans, an impression that wasn't improved when Scott last month canceled a proposed summit in suburban Rosemont on short notice, saying some attendees could not make it.
But Scott said Monday that “the location of the meeting isn't important — what matters is the content of the meeting.” Torrence Cooks, a 44-year-old reputed former member of the Gangster Disciples who reached out to Scott to request their help, is bringing a delegation of 15 people from Chicago to the D.C. meeting, Scott said. Representatives of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, business leaders and charities will attend, they said.
Scott, who is a pastor in Cleveland, had rescheduled the summit from an earlier March date, reports the Chicago Patch.
SOURCE: Chicago Tribune, Chicago Patch
SEE ALSO:
Slain Chicago Judge's Girlfriend Was Target In Botched Robbery, Prosecutor Says
Chicago Teen Arrested On Charges For Gang Rape Streamed On Facebook Live
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of a terminally-ill toddler who has a rare brain condition feel that their world has been "completely torn apart" after being told they may not reach childhood.
Eighteen-month-old Eva-Rose Sturgess, of Mackworth, was primarily diagnosed with Leukodystrophy back in January and doctors have said there is no cure for the disease.
Members of the Emily Grace School of Dance, which Eva is a part of, have launched a huge fund-raising campaign to generate up to £8,000 to pay for treatment in Mexico that could extend their life, if they are accepted on the programme.
Mica Morrison, Eva's mum, said: “These past few months have been what I can only describe a roller coaster ride of emotions and our world has been completely torn apart.
“Before Christmas, Eva was just a normal lovely girl, but in January they got a cold which triggered this condition and it is just terrible, words cannot describe how we feel.
“We are still awaiting the results to determine which form of the disease they have and we will be continuing everything exactly the same and taking day-by-day to carry on making memories with them
“I can't believe people have been so kind and donated to the cause, it just goes to show that there are nice people in the world.
“I knew something was wrong with them and I saw four doctors before we knew the truth.
“I would urge all parents to follow their instincts if they think something is wrong and make sure their child gets the care they need.”
Eva was then primary diagnosed with the extremely rare condition when they were transferred to the Queens Medical Centre earlier this year.
Members of the dance school decided to start their campaign and a series of events have already been planned to raise funds.
A special performance called Together for Eva-Rose has been planned along with a skydive and a special walk around Markeaton Park, on April 2, to generate the funds.
Health chiefs are continuing to carry out tests to find out exactly which type of the condition Eva has and if the family are given the green light, they will use the funds to pay for them treatment.
If not, the money will be used to take them on holiday to create some special memories for the family.
Emily Kerr, principal of the group, who is also a friend of the family, said: “No amount of money can change the outcome, but if we can raise some money to help the family with the treatment or make memories, we will do it.
“Everyone has already put loads of ideas forward on how we can raise the funds and we think we should be able to raise it quickly.
“Eva is such a lovely little girl, full of life, really bubbly and just a normal little girl.
“It would mean the world to us if we could help as they have gone through so much.
“Even if Eva is not accepted onto the programme, the money can be used for them to make some memories.
"I know they wanted to go to Disneyland, so anything we can do to help would be great.”
To find out more about the campaign or to donate visit https://www.facebook.com/EGschoolofdance/ or visit the go fund me page at https://www.gofundme.com/591u4ag
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Watch, Text, and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial. Just text the correct answer and you're entered.
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $5,000.
Have What It Takes To Win? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $5000.
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
It is a contest to look forward to, one pundit will surely relish. A former State Vice-President, ex-Finance Minister, former Deputy Justice Minister and the Deputy Finance Minister have all thrown their hats into the ring for one National Assembly seat during the forthcoming harmonised elections.
The coveted prize is Harare East, Deputy Finance Minister Terrence Mukupe's current seat.
While the country has hundreds of constituencies, Harare East appears to be the candy that everyone is after.
Eyeing the seat are National People's Party's Dr Joice Mujuru, People's Democratic Party leader Mr Tendai Biti and MDC-T spokesperson Mr Obert Gutu.
However, before venturing out to confront Cde Mukupe, the opposition camp is already burning, with open confrontation characterising interactions between MDC Alliance acting president Advocate Nelson Chamisa, Messrs Biti and Gutu.
The three are at each other's throat over the seat despite the MDC Alliance having set guidelines for candidate selection.
Mr Gutu is so enticed by the constituency's allure such that they had to tell off their boss, Advocate Chamisa, when counselled against facing Mr Biti in the poll.
Dr Mujuru — though linked to an emerging party that seeks to provide a home for G40 characters — is also said to be interested in the seat.
Them spokesperson, Mr Gift Nyandoro, promised to respond to inquiries from The Sunday Mail. However, their phone later went unanswered.
But PDP spokesperson Mr Jacob Mafume said Mr Biti's “experience and competence make them the best candidate”.
They said: “He has won the seat before and the Harare East people have given the nation a competent Finance Minister who not only assisted the constituency, but the nation at large.
“Residents of the constituency are aware of Mr Biti's capabilities. Their game plan to win the seat is to present themselves for service to the constituency and the nation. Mr Biti has shown competence and excellence.”
However, Mr Gutu was not in a good mood. Said Mr Gutu: “Your questions are now getting onto my nerves. You are irritating me. I am busy with other stuff and will only respond when I'm ready.”
Cde Mukupe is confident they will retain the seat.
“I will retain the seat because my work speaks for me. Biti is a selfish man. They should first tell us where the money they were given under the Constituency Development Fund went,” said Cde Mukupe.
“He is always aiming at every political seat. There is no need for me to campaign. I will just work.” Sunday Mail
Corporate Traveling depends on a lot of factors which also include accommodation and place where you stay. Every traveler wants to get best-staying hotels so they can enjoy their trip. Also, getting a good hotel is important as it gives you a sense of satisfaction and a nice hotel services make you feel welcome to the place. It lets you be positive and stay energetic to plan your further trip. For first time corporate travelers, they can get help from Online Travel Booking and Travel Management where they can get a room with quality services.
How can you find such hotels: what to know?
Finding a hotel which suits your budget and also provides all needed services requires endless search. Online Travel Booking is considered an ideal option in this case. It's a travel program related to business and corporation. The tool is used for booking flights, hotels, and other services. It's a safe as well as the cost-effective option for planning an organization related travel plans. It can also accept the corporate credit cards in order to handle travel expenses. Apart from that, here are few tricks that you can follow to find the best place to stay:
Look for coupon codes: Finding your best hotel offers for b2b or b2c, you should check the third websites where you can get coupon codes. However, hotels do not offer these codes on regular basis but there are third websites who offer codes for their customers. The coupon codes can help you to score the expensive hotels without spending too much money.
Avoid Friday and Saturday: Most of the websites related to Hotel Booking Online Portal for Corporates and for non-corporate portals offer a discount on their room's prices during Sunday to Thursday. However, the discounts mostly end in weekend's days i.e. Friday and Saturday.
Inclusive deals and offers: It's frustrating to get cheap hotels as most of the hotel includes fees related to parking and internet which somehow raise the overall price at the end. When you are searching, make sure to look for inclusive deals like free breakfast, spa services, and other various perks.
Use App: These days, you can easily get a travel app where you can compare the price of all hotels at one place. Also, booking room with the help of app can reduce the expenses as most of the hotels provide discounts and cash backs. Using apps for booking your hotel can help you to find your ideal booking.
Go to business hotels: However, with the help of Corporate Travel Portal, you can get an ideal package online. Business hotels can also help you but there are chances that you can't get flashy rooms as compared to resorts. But the business hotels are enough when you look for a decent room with quality services without spending too much amount on it.
Source: https://www.prlog.org/12711241-the-easiest-way-to-find-cheap-hotels-without-compromising-the-quality-of-service.html
Companies acquired concessions amounting to the size of a small European country, while rural residents of Southeast Asia's Mekong region saw their landholdings shrink or disappear over the past two decades, according to researchers.
More than 5.1 million hectares of land — an area larger than Slovakia — were granted for mining and agricultural concessions in Burma, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and Thailand, according to a report by the nonprofit Mekong Region Land Governance (MRLG).
At the same time, forest areas have declined, said the report released on Monday by MRLG, which is based in Laos' capital, Vientiane, and promotes better land use policies.
“While agricultural output and exports are growing in the Mekong as a result of the concessions, the benefits have not reached smallholders and indigenous people,” said Micah Ingalls at the Centre for Development and Environment in Vientiane.
“They are being undermined by policies that fail to ensure their rights or enable them to benefit,” said Ingalls, an author of the report.
Across the five countries that host the Mekong River watershed, governments have lured large-scale investments in land thought to be under-utilised, to generate jobs and incomes.
The concessions have changed traditional cropping, with 80 percent of all agricultural land now given over to six export-focused crops: rice, cassava, maize, sugarcane, rubber and oil palm.
Meanwhile, the average landholding per rural household has declined over the last 10 years, while some have been pushed from their land entirely, according to the report.
Revenues generated by the concessions have been less than anticipated, and the social and environmental costs have largely been borne by the rural poor, Ingalls said.
While governments have formulated policies for land titles and land-use certificates, “there is a gap between policy and practice,” they said.
Inglas explained that such policies often fail to provide ownership rights to people who have been using land, and they ignore groups who have traditionally lived in areas granted as concessions.
“Indigenous people, forest dwellers and other ethnic minorities have very little protection,” they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Land concessions in Cambodia have displaced more than 770,000 people since 2000, human rights lawyers say.
Following protests and pressure from rights groups, Cambodia and Laos both announced moratoriums on new land concessions in 2012.
Other governments have improved environmental and social impact assessments, but rural communities are largely excluded from the processes, said Jean-Christophe Diepart, a co-author of the report.
“The Mekong is in the midst of substantial, far-reaching transformations with regard to land. Robust, inclusive and accountable decision-making are urgently needed,” they said.
The Southern Tier Athletic Conference (STAC) boys basketball was in full swing, Friday, with many teams striving to keep their win streaks alive.
Here are some of the varsity basketball results:
Elmira - 53 def. Maine-Endwell - 49 Final
Union-Endicott - 61 def. Johnson City - 53 Final
Owego Free Academy - 66 def. Vestal - 49 Final
noteworthy statistics:
The Owego Indians (14-2) improve to 13-0 in their last 13 games.
Elmira's (10-5) win over the Spartans, Friday, gives the Express their sixth straight win, and snaps Maine-Endwell's (10-6) four game streak.
Union-Endicott Tigers' (7-7) Sadeeq Tarry led their team with 26 points in the comeback win over Johnson City (7-8).
The Vestal Golden Bears (4-12) continue to struggle in divisional play, remaining win-less in the STAC Metro league.
PARIS (AP) — About 36,000 households across France are still without power after Storm Ana hit the country.
Enedis, the body in charge of France's electricity network, said in a statement Tuesday that more than 1,500 agents are being deployed to help restore power.
Strong winds and heavy rainfall wreaked havoc with transportation in various parts of the country Monday. Northern France was the region most affected by the snow and wintry weather, with 20,000 homes without electricity.
The national meteorological service, Meteo France, said the worst of the bad weather should be over soon, but still warned of a high risk of avalanches in the southern Alps.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The med-spa industry has exploded in recent years, giving way to new and rapidly expanding business models.
In recent years, cryotherapy has become a highly sought-after service. The practice involves spending short amounts of time in a freezing cold chamber in order to heal your muscles and rejuvenate your body. Cryotherapy was first made popular by athletes who use it to heal their muscles. It's now becoming more mainstream.
“The 'cryo' being holistic and working from the inside out, I think is what makes it better, healthier, safer and longer term benefits,” said Jennifer Pint, who turned to cryotherapy about a year ago after three knee surgeries.
Former NFL athlete Joe Mays and their wife Toya opened The Laya Center in Kansas City in 2016.
“We do offer spa amenities so massages, facials, body wraps, body waxing and things like that. But as far as us being a wholistic center. We offer nutrition. We offer herbalism courses. We have yoga in place as well. We have our cryotherapy chamber here,” Joe Mays said.
And business is booming, not only at The Laya Center but also at similar shops across the country.
Another rapidly growing wellness trend is IV therapy.
“We have nurses that work with us and paramedics as well as myself, and I'm a physician. We go to your home. We provide IV fluids and vitamins,” said Meredith Leach, owner of Recovery Hydration Therapy.
Leach started Recovery Hydration Therapy in 2016. They said done bag of fluids can help with everything from hangovers to improving flu symptoms and migraines.
“We have a cocktail of medications we use. One is for headache. One is for nausea, which often accompanies migraines. We mix all of those things into your bag of fluids, and it's re-hydrating you along with all This is usually a perfect combination to kick it,” Leach said.
The cost ranges between $80 and $180 depending on the type of fluids you choose. The best part is, they make house calls.
Both IV therapy and cryotherapy have become popular because they can help your body feel better, but how safe are these techniques?
“If a potential client truly has a deficiency that has been established by a doctor's office in the sense that they have come with symptoms and we have done a lab test and that shows a lack of vitamins, then we can talk about replacement,” said Adnan Choudhury, an internal medicine physician with Truman Medical Center.
Choudhury said if you're interested in these services, or any new emerging wellness trend, do your research and consider these things before booking:
Ask if they are close to any healthcare facilities should an emergency occur.
What certifications/training do the staff administering the drug have?
How long has the company been in business?
Check reviews.
Run whatever you are considering by your doctor first.
If you would like more information about cryotherapy, call The Laya Center at 816-912-3258 or visit their website.
If you would like more information about IV therapy, call Recovery Hydration therapy at 816-877-6186.
Data privacy has become the focus of quite a bit of debate lately. Following Facebook's Cambridge Analytica scandal, many users have become concerned about how companies handle their data online.
While many companies are likely waiting for user worries to dissipate, some companies have taken steps to address the situation. For example, Firefox developer Mozilla recently released their "Facebook Container" browser extension which aims to prevent the social media platform from tracking your general web activity.
Even Instagram jumped on the bandwagon. Earlier this month, we reported the platform would be offering their users the ability to download all the shared data Instagram holds on to, including archived stories, shared photos and videos, profile information and comments.
Now, the company has officially rolled this tool out, aptly naming it the "Data Download" tool. The tool is currently only available to web users; iOS and Android versions are still in the works.
According to TechCrunch, to use the tool you simply need to visit your privacy settings within Instagram's web app. The outlet claims it can take "a few hours to days" for your download to be ready, however.
Although Instagram's decision is likely little more than an attempt to comply with upcoming EU GDPR "data portability" privacy laws, the end result will benefit users nonetheless.
Should a viable Instagram alternative pop up in the near future, users will theoretically be able to transfer their data over without being locked into Instagram's ecosystem.
Handheld gaming consoles weren't always the mobile powerhouses they are today. Indeed, before the days of the Nintendo Switch or even the original Nintendo Game Boy, they were essentially just LCD screens that lit up different parts of a single image to simulate on-screen movement.
In other words, every sprite belonging to any given game needed to be packed onto a single screen, as seen below:
Furthermore, unlike the Game Boy and other newer portable devices, early handheld games were sold as individual units. For the most part, you couldn't simply buy one main device and slide a different game cartridge in.
If you've been gaming long enough to remember those days, the Internet Archive has some good news for you. As part of their ongoing efforts to build an "Internet library," the website has launched a "Handheld History Collection" that contains a whopping 60 emulated versions of classic handheld titles.
For now, those titles include the likes of Mortal Kombat, Q*bert and Contra but if you don't see one of your favorite games in the current line-up, check back frequently - archivists will reportedly be adding many more in the near future.
Naturally, all of these titles are available for free and come complete with original game assets and sounds. However, it does not seem possible to download the games to your own system, so if you want to play them you must do so on the Internet Archive website.
If you're wondering how the Internet Archive team accomplished this feat, you can read some of the technical details on their official blog.
Images via Nintendo Life & Internet Archive
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Advanced Wound Care systems Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Smith & Nephew, 3M Company, Molnlycke Health Care, Convatec Healthcare B.S.A.R.L, Coloplast A/S, Paul Hartmann, Kinetic Concepts, Laboratories Urgo, BSN Medical, Covidien, B.Braun, Hollister, Lohmann& Rauscher, Advanced Medical Solutions Group, Nitto Denko, DeRoyal Industries, General, Winner Medical Co., Ltd., Top-medical.
The report begins with introducing the global Advanced Wound Care systems market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Advanced Wound Care systems report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-advanced-wound-care-systems-market/5917/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Advanced Wound Care systems Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: NPWT, Skin Grafting Systems, Other.
Advanced Wound Care systems Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospital, Clinic, Other.
Key points in the Advanced Wound Care systems Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-advanced-wound-care-systems-market/5917/#inquiry
From all of this Advanced Wound Care systems market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Advanced Wound Care systems market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Advanced Wound Care systems distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Hackers Shut Down North Carolina County, Demand Ransom
Deputies processed arrests by hand and building code officers used paper records Wednesday as one of North Carolina's largest counties considered how to respond to a hacker who froze county servers and is demanding ransom.
Mecklenburg County Manager Dena Diorio told reporters that officials face a deadline of 1 p.m. Wednesday to decide whether to pay a ransom of two bitcoin, or more than $23,000. Bitcoin is a digital currency used around the world and favored by some hackers because it can often be exchanged online anonymously.
Diorio said county electronic files have essentially been frozen after the attack that started when a county employee opened an email attachment carrying malicious software.
The county of more than 1 million residents includes North Carolina's largest city, Charlotte, though that municipality appears not to have been directly affected by the hack. The city released a statement Wednesday that its separate computer systems have not been affected and that it has severed direct connections to county computers.
Mecklenburg County Sheriff's Office spokesperson Anjanette Flowers Grube said in an email that deputies are manually processing suspects who have been arrested because its computer system was affected. The sheriff also announced that the county jail's website wasn't displaying inmate search information that's normally easily accessible.
But Flowers Grube said the problems don't extend to processing emergency calls, which is handled by the city of Charlotte. City fire and police officials didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
The county issued a statement on Twitter Wednesday asking residents to contact county offices before visiting to see whether they are offering services. Diorio said, for example, that the county's code enforcement office would have to rely on paper records until the outage is fixed because employees there can't access the electronic files they normally rely on.
Diorio said the county hadn't ruled out paying the ransom, but understood that could be risky.
"If you pay the bitcoin, there is always a risk they won't give you the encryption key," they told reporters.
They said the hacker didn't gain access to protected information on people's credit card data, health information or social security numbers.
An expert on cybersecurity told The Associated Press that it's not uncommon for municipalities to be hacked with ransomware. For example, a hacking attack in late 2016 on San Francisco's mass transit system led its operators to allow free rides over part of a weekend because of data problems.
Ross Rustici, senior director of intelligence services at the firm Cybereason, said ransomware schemes against local governments make the news every couple of months, but that they often tend to be smaller, rural areas. They said local governments are "easy targets" because they typically have older equipment and software than corporations or the federal government.
They said it's not unusual for businesses and local governments to pay the ransom. They said it's often more costly to try to recover the data unless technology officials are proactive about safeguards including frequent data backups.
"Once you're in that situation, you really have no good option so a lot of people and companies end up paying," they said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
How does your HOARDING compare to other people?
Most of us have a little HOARDER hidden somewhere inside of us. Thanks to a new survey, you can compare your hoarding instincts to everyone else. Here are the results…
1. Do you still have multiple stuffed animals or keepsakes from childhood? 61% say yes.
2. Do you save your old cell phones? 42% do, 58% don't.
3. How many pairs of jeans do you have? 35% have more than five.
4. How many pairs of shoes do you have? Only 40% have less than 10 pairs.
5. Do you still have CDs? 63% say yes.
6. Do you still have DVDs? 51% have more than 20.
7. Do you still have VHS tapes? 46% do.
8. Do you have a bunch of cords but you're not sure what they connect to? 56% do.
9. Do you have multiple hammers, screwdrivers, nails, and other tools? 52% do.
10. And finally, 58% have looked in their closet and thought, “What IS all of this?”
Click Here to see more.
A Magistrates' Court sitting in Oye-Ekiti, Ekiti, on Wednesday sentenced a 35-year-old nursing mother, Bunmi Salau, to three weeks imprisonment for stealing a bra, mobile phone and N12,000 cash.
The convict, who has an eight-month-old baby, pleaded guilty to a three-count charge of unlawful entry, theft and attempt to escape from police custody.
Salau had pleaded with the court for leniency, saying they could not explain the reason for them action.
The convict, who was not represented by a counsel, also pleaded that there was nobody to take care of their two little children.
Delivering judgment, the Magistrate, Mrs Francisca Olaiye, sentenced the mother of two to three weeks imprisonment with an option of N1,000 fine.
Olaiye also warned them to be of good behaviour.
The prosecutor, Sgt. Adeniyi Famodimu, had told the court that the accused on June 19 at about 6 pm in Oye-Ekiti unlawfully entered the house occupied by one Imisioluwa Adetula, Toyin Ayeni and Rachael Fajana without their consent and stole their property.
Some of the stolen items, according to the complainants, included a flashlight, one purse containing voter card, one trouser, one mobile phone and an ATM card.
The prosecutor told the court that the convict on the same day jumped over the fence of the police station after their arrest.
They are, however, later rearrested.
They said the offence contravened Sections 383, 390 (9) and 135 of the Criminal Code, Vol. 1, Cap C16, Laws of Ekiti, 2012.
The prosecutor also prayed the court for the release of the recovered items to the original owners, a plea which was granted. (NAN)
Google has given us an idea of where Chrome's future user interface is heading. In the latest version of Chrome Canary for Windows—an unstable, daily version of the browser used for testing new features—the company has added refreshed material design options.
The new design comes under the general label of Material Design 2; the name first used in a Chrome commit earlier this year. Material Design, for those unfamiliar, is Google's visual design language that's been around since 2014.
This isn't a major overhaul, but there are a few notable changes, some more appealing than others. There's an emphasis on curves, with the address bar now featuring round edges instead of the current straight lines, but it's the tab design that might be the most controversial change, as they lose their slanted sides and now look like rectangles with rounded edges.
The Profile icon moves from next to the Window controls to the right side of the address bar, while internal design documents show the plus button for opening a new tab has been moved to the far-left, though that hasn't arrived in Canary yet.
The ‘Secure' certificate icon has also undergone a design change; hovering the mouse over it will bring up a pill-shaped button and clicking on it will show certificate information and the permission granted to a website. There's also more use of the Product Sans font that makes up Google's logo.
If you want to check out the changes, download the latest version of Canary (68) here. It's then a matter of accessing the 'chrome://flags' page in the URL bar, which contains the experimental options.
We still don't know when the changes will make their way to the standard version of Chrome but expect to find out more at May's Google I/O developer conference.
Thomas “Jerry” Roberts
Thomas “Jerry “ Roberts,age 80 of Como, died November 29 at their residence. Funeral services were December 2 at McEvoy Funeral Home and Gary Collier officiated. Burial followed in Olive Branch Cemetery. Serving as pallbearers were Dusty Davidson, Denver Davison, Jason Wade, Josh Wade, Tyler Roberts, Jeff Wilson, Brents Priestley, and Logan Priestley. Mr. Roberts was born August 15, 1937 in Senath, Missouri to Thomas “Esco” Roberts and Ruth Wallace Roberts, both deceased. Besides their parents they were also preceded in death by one brother, Bill Roberts; one daughter, Lisa Roberts Blake; one grandson, Michael Denton. Survivors include their wife, Wanda Fisher Roberts; three daughters, Judy (Dennie) Davidson of Martin, Joyce (Tony Dyer) Denton of Paris, Vanessa (Ricky) Wade of Como; one son, Tommy (Carolyn ) Roberts of Henry; eleven grandchildren and 15 great-grandchildren; and two nephews.
Mr. Roberts was a member of Como Baptist Church. They worked in timber their entire life until retirement. They were an avid outdoorsman who enjoyed fishing and wagon rides.
Paid Obit A3522
Dewey Wayne Huggins
Dewey Wayne Huggins, age 60 of Springville, died November 29 at Henry County Medical Center. Graveside services were December 4 at Highland Cemetery in Greenfield and Williams Funeral Home was in charge of arrangements. Phil Mitchell officiated the services.
Mr. Huggins was born January 28, 1957 to Jack Huggins and Billie Sue Essary, both deceased. Survivors include their wife, Diana Huggins; one son, Wesley Huggins; one daughter, Jennifer Fry; and one brother, Paul Huggins.
William Anthony Stout
William Anthony Stout, age 55, died November 24 at their residence. Funeral services were December 1 at Williams Funeral Home.
Mr. Stout was born February 16, 1962 to the late Joe William Stout and Margaret Tate Stout. Besides their mother they are also survived by their wife, Katie Stout; sister, Patricia (Ray) Stout; a brother, Timmy Stout; three grandchildren.
Herman Luke Coats
Herman Luke Coats, age 97, of Greenfield, died November 28 at Jackson Madison County Hospital. Funeral services were Saturday, December 2 at Williams Funeral Home and Scott Campbell officiated.
Burial followed in Highland Cemetery in Greenfield.
Mr. Coats was born October 12, 1920 to Herman Coats and Maude Pearl Coats, both deceased. Besides their parents they were also preceded in death by their wife, Kate Coats.
Survivors include two daughters, Jan (Shane) Johnson and Cheryl Simmons, both of Greenfield; four grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.
William Thomas Ward, Jr.
William Thomas Ward Jr., age 55 of Gleason, died November 29 at McKenzie Regional Hospital. Funeral services were December 4 at Williams Funeral Home in Gleason and Wendell Jellison officiated.
Mr. Ward was born June 11, 1962 to the late William Thomas Ward Sr. and Brenda Ward. Besides their mother they are also survived by one son, Geoffrey Ward of Martin; one daughter, Stephanie Ward of Union City; two brothers, John L. Ward and Paul David Ward of Gleason; one sister Liz Adkisson of Antioch; and one grandchild.
Margaret Joy Jones Garrett
Margaret Garrett, age 93 of Coppell Texas, died November 26.
Ms. Garrett was born September 15, 1924 in Dresden to Harry and Marguerite Jones.
 They are survived by two sons, Jack (Victoria) of Nashville, and Hillary (Carolyn) of Coppell, Texas and grandchildren Danielle Garrett of Nashville; and Ethan, Catie and Matthew Garrett of Coppell, Texas.
Charity Navigator, America's leading independent evaluator of nonprofit organizations, has once again awarded its top “4-Star” rating to the Scholarship Foundation of Santa Barbara.
The rating is based on financial and organizational efficiency, and for accountability and transparency.
“In a competitive philanthropic marketplace, Charity Navigator highlights the fine work of efficient, ethical and open charities,” Charity Navigator CEO Ken Berger said in a letter to the Scholarship Foundation. “This exceptional designation for the Scholarship Foundation differentiates it from its peers and demonstrates to the public that the foundation is worthy of their trust.”
Recent news regarding increasing costs for California college students is distressing to read. Most students are struggling to balance their academic commitments while working long hours at minimum-wage jobs. Although an increase in college costs presents a challenge for Santa Barbara County families, the Scholarship Foundation of Santa Barbara offers vital help.
The foundation makes scholarships and financial aid advising available to students in need. In 2010-11, the foundation provided outreach and advising services to more than 24,000 students and parents, and in May 2011 the foundation gave $7.3 million in student aid awards.
“Nonprofit organizations like the Scholarship Foundation are effective vehicles for channeling donor dollars to deserving local students,” said Colette Hadley, executive director of the Scholarship Foundation. “This is especially important when our governmental agencies and schools are struggling to keep up. We are proud to have received this recognition, and are thankful to the thousands of generous donors who are providing vital support for our programs.”
Although the Scholarship Foundation provides aid to thousands of students each year, there are many more that need help. If you require scholarship and/or loan information or would like to help provide a scholarship for a deserving student, click here or call 805.687.6065.
— Colette Hadley is a executive director of the Scholarship Foundation of Santa Barbara.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A jury in downtown Youngstown has reached a verdict in the case of a female gang member accused of being involved in the illegal drug trade.
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those, including attempted murder — the jury said they were not guilty.
Deliberations began at 4:30 p.m. Friday and the verdict was reached just after 9 p.m.
On several other charges, including engaging in a pattern of corrupt activity, there was a hung jury.
Prosecutors will decide next week if they will be retried on those charges.
Prosecutors say Baker drove the car used in a drive-by shooting and set fire to a house and a car in Youngstown.
She's the last member of a violent drug gang to to be indicted.
By Egufe Yafugborhi
WARRI—THE National Association of Itsekiri Graduates, NAIG, has commended the Inspector of Police, Mr. Ibrahim Idris, over the freezing of seven accounts belonging Itsekiri Regional Development Council, IRDC, credited to the tune of N2.1 billion by Chevron Nigeria Limited, CNL.
The Police, armed with an Abuja High Court order, froze the IRDC accounts in pursuit of an ongoing legal battle by the Igba of Warri, Chief Rita Lori-Ogbebor, before a Delta State High Court, Warri, against some Itsekiri leaders, Chevron and Delta State Govern-ment over perceived diversion of monies voted by Chevron and sundry donors for development of Itsekiri oil communities.
A statement by NAIG President, Collins Edema in Warri yesterday, said: “We could have lost N2.1 billion. Imagine what this amount could achieve in transforming our towns and villages.”
Chief Lori-Ogbebor, in a separate statement, said: “This development is a valued progress and motivation to pursue our resolve to expose all proba-ble rip-off on the Itsekiri oil communities, bring anyone found wanting to book and redirect the people's monies for genuine trans-formation of their lives.”
Rep. Seth Moulton (D-MA) used the word “treason” when describing Gen. Michael Flynn's actions. However, their concern is not Flynn but the role the president played in these series of Russian scandals.
Nigeria Needs Respect -By Cosmic Macduff
In today's Nigerian (and most African) society with everything going from politics to terrorism to religious and ethnic intolerance and corruption of epidemic proportions, it is very helpful if we as a people learn to start respecting other people's opinions, views, position, outlook, and rights, etc.
Oftentimes disagreements and heated debates start between people because they have differences of opinions toward a certain subject. In my years in this world, and with my upbringing, education, and life's experience, I have learnt that just because someone has a different opinion from your own do not mean that their opinion is wrong. An opinion is not a fact, therefore there is no right or wrong view – it is just that, an opinion. It is the same thing with a view; just because someone does not view something the way you should not degenerate into an argument or debate with them about why you are right, and they are wrong. Because, they think you are wrong and they're right.
Respecting other people's opinions, views, rights, and disposition also shows that one is well mannered and that one shows respect for that person as well. If someone has a different opinion than yours and you reply with “I understand and respect your opinion” rather than replying with your opinion and why it is right and why they are wrong, the person who has a different opinion than you will respect you in return.
I have for most of my short life believed in respecting people. And by that I am saying that one should treat other people as one would like to be treated. One should expect them to be as good as oneself, as smart as oneself, as caring and so forth. And one should respect their right to have an opinion.
But I think that opinions should not be free from criticism. And they should only command what respect they have earned. In other words, if one respects another person and that other person does not return the respect, then, they do not deserve the respect that have been shown to them, and the respect should be withdrawn.
In our Nigerian society, one of the reasons why we find ourselves in the dire situation and environment that we are is that acute absence of respect for everything we do. It is plain DISRESPECT! I am not talking about the Respect we often mouth in our culture, e.g. respect for elders. Look at it the following way:
We do not respect each other, and that is why people appointed or elected into positions of trust and authority decide to take us for granted and steal public funds meant for development and betterment of the population at large.
Our rulers (I really hate calling them leaders, because, in the real sense, they are not leading anybody) do not give us respect. Yet, we respect them a lot, in fact, we treat them like gods. If they respected us, they will not be treating their people like they have been doing for over 50 years. They will not be stealing our money; they will not be cheating and riffing or gunning their way to power; they will be providing us with good governance because we trusted and respected them; and to crown it all, if these people respected us, they will not be tempting us to vote for them by distributing rice, garri, bread, palm oil and vegetable oil and a few Naira to us. It is people you do not respect that you induce with such mundane things (maybe not to some people), but you see, they know what they are doing. They have made sure we are in perpetual poverty of stomach and mind and that's where they left us, so come election times, they will meet us in the same position and we will be susceptible to their bribes. It never fails to work. We will even maim and kill for them to get to power.
We do not respect human life, even our own life, and examples are replete on our streets and roads – governments and officials with responsibility refuse to fix the roads; careless driving; ignoring safety rules while carrying our normal daily chores, selling fake drugs and fake or substandard equipment just to gain an advantage and make money; your mechanic cheating you and putting the same part they told you is faulty back in your car despite collecting money for a new one. All these show lack of respect for you and your life.
We do not respect authority – we flout the laws of the land (criminal, traffic, etc) every day; politicians and leaders flout the Constitution to which they have sworn to uphold every day; even those expected to uphold and enforce the laws flout the law because they do not care, hence the chaos and anarchy we have in our society.
We do not have any respect for human and civil rights. Again, this is exemplified in our every day trudges as we struggle to escape poverty and oppression. Our police and other law enforcement and security agencies are more of instruments of terror and oppression of the masses by the rulers than providers of safety and security and services to the people they proclaim to serve.
All tiers of government – executive, legislative, judiciary and civil service – have turned themselves into demi-gods, whose words and deeds are rarely challenged, and if challenged, because there is no respect in the land, the challenger will be the victim of the most vicious campaign of calumny and personal attacks one has ever seen. Even in the most elitist of societies, the West, there is still a lot of respect from the upper class for the lower class, such that everything is provided for the less fortunate in the society, and thus have no cause to complain of marginalisation or oppression. These so-called elite (if indeed, we can call them that) plough enough back into the society to reach everybody. This is because they respect human life; respect the right to life and to good decent living for everybody irrespective of social status; respect the right of the individual and the collective; respect the environment, etc
We do not have respect for our environment, the very environment that is the very source and sustenance of our existence as human, and that is why you see piles and mountains of litter and refuse all over the place. We dispose of our garbage anyhow we want it; we do our body functions anywhere we see to do it; we do not give any thought to the effect of the noise from our generators (a result of lack of provision of electricity by our leaders) either to ourselves or to our neighbours.
When you have a section of the society behaving with impunity and reckless disregard for our sworn Constitution, no matter how imperfect it is; law and order; rule of law; governing, legislative, judicial, and electoral systems, it is marked disrespect for the people they are supposed to be governing. That means your rulers take you for granted; they are insensitive to your plight and condition of living. You die of poverty, you die, what concerns them?
After you have blown your sirens to force people to give way to you, what happens when you have left office? After all, power and positions are transient. The people you disregarded and disrespected on your way up are the same you're going to meet on your way down.
Another proof of the elite/government disrespect for the common man by whose grace they are in power id the preponderance of uniformed authority. I went to a function hosted by a uniformed agency just las week and I was awed by number of “uniformed authorities” that were present – the Police, Traffic Wardens, the DSS, the SSS, the Armed Forces, the Road Safety, Customs, Immigration, Prisons, NDLEA, VIO, Peace Corps, Rescue, Fire Brigade, Civil Defence, Man O'War, Vigilantes, NURTW, ACOMORAN, the States' owned traffic and environmental services, etc. If you are not intimidated by these numbers of uniforms on the roads and in the community, one must be a hardened criminal. And some of these agencies even have different uniforms within the same agency, e.g. the Nigerian Police – regular, MOPOL, SARS, Rapid Response, Anti-Terrorist, Anti-Kidnapping, etc. It is crazy and oppressive and disrespectful to the common people, who are bullied, ravaged, brutalised and taken advantage of daily, by several of these agencies. And we say we are a democracy!!!
That syndrome called, “African Time” is another sign of our disrespect for time, punctuality and especially to the people waiting for you, at a meeting, function, event or anywhere. African leaders are particularly fond of disrespecting the people who put them in power by deliberately arriving late to functions they are invited to or that they themselves have called for. To them, it is a sign of weakness to arrive on time for a function. They take it for granted that the people waiting for them must not leave and must not start the function unless they arrive. It is arrogance and disrespect personified and taken to the highest level. But there we have it!
On the societal side, lateness for work (another form of African Time); indolence; shoddy execution of assignments, contracts, and jobs; cheating at examinations; demanding for bribes to perform services which are normally free; embezzlement of funds; all these constitute disrespect for societal and moral values. Such then beget petty corruption which then escalates gradually to the bigger and more fatal forms of corruption that is now pervasive and endemic in our society.
Disrespect is Disregard is Contempt is Disdain is Insolence is Scorn is Impudence is Impertinence is Impunity is Neglect!!
Please let us look around at the way we live our everyday lives in Africa, and you see and experience and suffer all the above and following daily: abuse of power; abuse of authority; abuse of position; abuse of office; abuse of privileges; abuse of opportunities; abuse of the public and the society; abuse of the environment; abuse of human and civil rights; abuse of property, abuse of justice; abuse of court processes; abuse of the Constitutional requirements and laid down procedures; abuse of political and electoral processes; abuse of education; abuse of freedom; etc. All these lead to lack of good governance and poor, visionless, and focus-less leadership.
On a more personal and individually human level, besides learning about oblique aspects of our psyche and background, here are other reasons why we should be open to understanding the differences in others:
You'll learn new things and make better decisions – for our leaders/rulers. That's all the people ask for – make decisions that will better their lives. You'll make more exciting friends – for our neighbours and people we interact with. You'll be a more broadminded and progressive person – for our politicians, who are insensitive charlatans hungry for power but do not know how to use the power they acquired by hook or crook. You'll feel better, more secure and satisfied – for the individual in the society, and for the leaders who will be able to walk freely amongst their own people, with no excessive security surrounding them to protect them from the wrath of the people. You'll make the world a better place and will be remembered for your legacy – for our rulers, civil servants, and other public officials. Power is transient; make your tenure felt for good by the people, “the evil that men do, lives after them”.
Don't these also apply to how we govern ourselves?
There is nothing to gain from disrespect and abuses to others, the society and the environment. We are the losers.
Tell the Truth always!!!!
Related
Comments
comments
Sweden to deport up to 80,000 asylum-seekers STOCKHOLM — Interior Minister Anders Ygeman says Sweden could deport between 60,000 and 80,000 asylum-seekers in coming years. Ygeman told newspaper Dagens Industri that since about 45 percent of asylum...
An eerie peek inside an abandoned insane asylum An abandoned psychiatric hospital that once housed the District of Columbia's most mentally troubled residents has now become an abandoned wasteland. Constructed in 1925, the 200-acre, 22-building Forest Haven asylum...
Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016
Police, fire and ambulance calls
9:11 a.m. Steamboat Springs Police Department officers responded to a motor vehicle crash near the intersection of Central Park Drive and Mount Werner Road.
3:55 p.m. Routt County Sheriff's Office deputies responded to a suspicious incident at the Walton Peak trailhead near mile marker 148 on U.S. Highway 40.
4:16 p.m. Officers responded to a report of a burglary at a business in the 2100 block …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
Exiled Harvey Weinstein accuser is making their comeback In an exclusive interview with Page Six, Ambra Battilana Gutierrez says the scandal ruined their life and forced them to flee the US.
Exiled Harvey Weinstein accuser is making their comeback In an exclusive interview with Page Six, Ambra Battilana Gutierrez says the scandal ruined their life and forced them to flee the US.
No charges against Weinstein in 'grope' of model “This case was taken seriously from the outset, with a thorough investigation conducted by our sex crimes unit,” said Joan Vollero, a spokesperson for DA Cyrus Vance Jr.
Model asked for film role from Weinstein after molestation claim The Italian model who accused Harvey Weinstein of molesting them tried to use the claim to score a movie role from him, sources say.
Model who accused Weinstein of molestation has sued before Ambra Battilana, once sued a 70-year-old sugar daddy, claiming they sexually assaulted her, according to reports.
Model attended Weinstein show day after alleged 'grope' The Italian model who claims they were molested by Harvey Weinstein attended their new Broadway show just hours after the alleged assault.
People's Progressive Party Civic (PPPC) parliamentarian, Anil Nandlall on Tuesday challenged the constitutionality of an recent amendment to the tax laws that seeks to prohibit persons who owe Value Added Tax from leaving Guyana until they pay up or make acceptable arrangements to do so.
The application will be heard on February 24, 2017.
In court papers seen by Demerara Waves Online News, Nandlall said the amendment of the Value Added Tax Act that was assented to by President David Granger on January 16, 2017 and published in the Official Gazette the same day “is or is likely to be, contrary to, inconsistent with, and in violation of Articles 40 and 148 of the Constitution of the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, unconstitutional, unlawful, null, void and of no effect.”
The former Attorney General and Minister of Legal Affairs states that the amendment to the VAT act empowers the Commissioner General of the Guyana Revenue Authority to block those who owe VAT from leaving Guyana without a High Court order.
“this power and authority…is ex facie, exercisable at any time, without affording the person a fair or any hearing, or without serving the person a notice of demand for taxes allegedly due, or without allowing the exhaustion of any lawful recourse available to the person to challenge the taxes alleged owed, or without an Order from the High Court or any Court, and without a final assessment of taxes owed,” they say.
Nandlall wants the High Court to strike down that amendment make such Orders, writs and directions to enforce Articles 138 to 151 of the Constitution.
They say in their affidavit that that Articles 40 and 148 of Guyana's Constitution guarantee to every individual subject, as a fundamental right and freedom, protection of freedom of movement, that is to say, the right to move freely throughout Guyana, the right to reside in any part of Guyana, the right to enter Guyana, the right to leave Guyana and immunity from expulsion from Guyana.
The amendment empowers and authorizes the Commissioner-General of the Guyana Revenue Authority, an agency of the State, to prohibit a person from leaving Guyana, whom the Commissioner-General has reasonable grounds to believe may leave Guyana without paying all taxes due under the said Value Added Tax Act by issuing a certificate to the Chief Immigration Officer containing particulars of the Tax due, and request that the Chief Immigration Officer takes the necessary steps to prevent the person from leaving Guyana until the person makes payment in full; or an arrangement satisfactory to the Commissioner for the payment of the tax.
Nandlall reasons that the VAT Act amendment and payment arrangements makes those registered to pay VAT at most times owing the GRA that tax.
“…(this) permits persons registered thereunder to pay Value Added Tax, to do so, at periodic intervals; therefore at any given point in time, there is always an overwhelming likelihood that a person registered under the said Act will owe taxes and in those circumstances, the Commissioner-General of the Guyana Revenue Authority is authorized and empowered to prevent such a person from leaving Guyana,” said Nandlall.
The PPPC had opposed the amendment on similar grounds. However, Finance Minister Winston Jordan has said that all they have done is copied a similar provision from the Income Tax Act and pasted it in the VAT Act to catch VAT defaulters.
The VAT ceiling was increased in this year's budget from GYD$10 million to GYD$15 million of gross annual revenue.
A group of women who have publicly accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment and assault detailed their accounts of being groped, fondled and forcibly kissed by the business person-turned-politician at a news conference on Monday, December 11, 2017.
(CNN) — A group of women who have publicly accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment and assault detailed their accounts of being groped, fondled and forcibly kissed by the business person-turned-politician at a news conference on Monday.
“This was serial misconduct and perversion on the part of Mr. Trump. Unfortunately, this behavior isn't rare in our society, and people of all backgrounds can be victims. The only reason I am here today is that this offender is now the President of our country,” said Rachel Crooks, a former Bayrock Group receptionist who accused Trump of kissing them on the mouth without their consent in 2005.
Samantha Holvey, the former Miss North Carolina 2006 who has accused Trump of inspecting beauty pageant contestants, and Jessica Leeds, who has accused the President of grabbing their chest and attempting to move their hand up their skirt on a flight, also sat with Crooks at Monday's event.
The firsthand accounts come as a public conversation on sexual assault and harassment — spurred by a series of accusations against high-profile figures in politics, Hollywood and journalism — rages throughout the United States. Brave New Films, a production company that realized a film on the women who have accused Trump of sexual assault, hosted the event.
At least 13 women have come forward with accusations against Trump ranging from sexual harassment and misconduct to sexual assault, including unwanted kissing and groping. All the alleged incidents took place prior to theirs assuming the presidency.
In addition to the woman at the press conference on Monday, the accusers include Temple Taggart, the former Miss Utah USA who accused Trump of kissing them on the lips in 1997; Mindy McGillivray, who accused Trump of grabbing their butt at their Mar-a-Lago club in Florida in 2003 and Natasha Stoynoff, who accused Trump of “forcing their tongue” down their throat during a photo shoot at Mar-a-Lago in 2005.
Crooks called on Congress to “put aside party affiliations and investigate Trump's history of sexual misconduct.”
“In an objective setting, without question, a person with this record would have entered the graveyard of political aspirations, never to return,” they said. “Yet here we are with that man as President.”
Leeds added that while some areas of society are “being held accountable for unwanted behavior … we are not holding our President accountable for what they are and who they are.”
Trump has vehemently denied the accusations.
“The events never happened. Never. All of these liars will be sued after the election is over,” Trump said months before the 2016 election in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. Trump, however, has never filed a lawsuit against the accusers.
Though White House press secretary Sarah Sanders would not go on the record Monday, they have previously said the White House's position is that all the women are lying.
“Yeah, we have been clear on that from the beginning and the President has spoken on it,” Sanders said in October.
“The President has spoken about this multiple times throughout the campaign and has denied all of those allegations,” Sanders said in November.
Trump opened the floodgates of accusations against them during the 2016 campaign when they downplayed the release of a 2005 “Access Hollywood” video that showed them saying they were able to “grab them by the p**sy” because they were famous.
Trump downplayed their remarks as nothing more than “locker room talk” at the second presidential debate and said they never kissed or groped women without consent.
But not all those close to the President have been so dismissive.
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Sunday that women who accuse a man of inappropriate sexual behavior — including Trump — “should be heard.”
“Well, I mean, you know, the same thing, is women who accuse anyone should be heard,” Haley said when asked specifically about Trump's accusers. “They should be heard and they should be dealt with. And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
The renewed focus on Trump's accusers comes as Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore fights to win a reliably Republican seat, despite accusations they pursued relationships with teenagers, including molesting a 14-year-old and sexually assaulting a 16-year-old when they were in their 30s. Moore has denied all the allegations.
Trump has stood by Moore despite the accusations and has raised questions about the women who have leveled the charges. Trump traveled to Florida — just miles from the Alabama border — to rally support for the Senate candidate and has repeatedly tweeted about the need to back Moore and keep their Democratic opponent Doug Jones out of the Senate.
Two Democratic senators — Cory Booker of New Jersey and Jeff Merkley of Oregon — called for Trump to resign over the multiple accusations of sexual harassment and sexual assault against him.
The calls come days after Sen. Al Franken, a Minnesota Democrat, announced their intention to resign over accusations of sexual assault.
“I just watched Sen. Al Franken do the honorable thing and resign from their office,” Booker said. “My question is, why isn't Donald Trump doing the same thing — who has more serious allegations against him, with more women who have come forward. The fact pattern on them is far more damning than the fact pattern on Al Franken.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The funeral of stabbed schoolgirl Mylee Billingham took place in their home town of Brownhills this morning.
Them family had asked mourners to wear “bright and beautiful” clothing in memory of the eight-year-old.
Mylee died at Birmingham Children's Hospital in January after suffering knife wounds at a property in Valley View.
Them father William Billingham has been charged with their murder and making threats to kill.
The funeral service was held at St James Church in Brownhills.
Media had been invited to cover the service from outside of the church.
By Annie Reuter
Selena Gomez may have found a new career. The singer recently unveiled a hilarious clip with Coach where they play the role of a news anchor alongside Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers. The 40-second snippet has Gomez perfecting their fake television laugh, discussing breaking news, reading traffic reports and much more.
Related: Selena Gomez Cast in Woody Allen's Next Project
Gomez first announced their partnership with Coach in December. In addition to filming parodies, the singer has collaborated with the brand to help design several bags, wristlets and leather accessories. For more on their collection at Coach, visit the designer's website and watch their hilarious parody below.
The Roads and Transport Authority (RTA), in collaboration with the Chinese EHANG Company, announced that it had carried out the first test run of an Autonomous Aerial Vehicle (AAV) capable of carrying a human, branded as EHANG184 in Dubai skies. RTA is set to start the operation of the AAV as early as July this year.
The EHANG184 vehicle is fitted with a touchscreen to the front of the passenger seat displaying a map of all destinations in the form of dots. It has preset routes and the rider is to select the intended destination.
The vehicle will then start automatic operation, take off and cruise to the set destination before descending and landing in a specific spot. A ground control center will monitor and control the entire operation.
Mattar Al Tayer, Director General and Chairman of the Board of Executive Directors of RTA said: “The trial run of the first AAV is in implementation of the directives of Their Highness Shaikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, to transform Dubai into the smartest city in the world.
"It is also part of RTA's endeavors to provide self-driving transport through engaging in the technological tests of self-driving vehicles under Dubai environment. It replicates Dubai Self-driving Transport Strategy aimed at transforming 25% of total individual trips in Dubai into Self-driving trips using various modes of transport by 2030.
"The step would also enhance the integration between public transport modes and people happiness through the provision of smooth, quick and innovative mobility.
“The AAV exhibited at the World Government Summit is not just a model; it is a real version that we have already experimented the vehicle in a flight in Dubai sky. The RTA is making every effort to start the operation of the AAV in July 2017,” reported Al Tayer.
Security
“We have addressed the highest levels of security in the designing and manufacturing of the EHANG184. The vehicle is fitted with eight main propellers, where each propeller would operate at a time, and the systems are separated from the contents of the vehicle.
"In case of any failure in the first propeller, there would be seven other propellers ready to complete the flight and a smooth landing, while mitigating the impact of the fault sustained by the first propeller," Al Tayer said.
"The AAV is fitted with numerous basic systems all in operation at the same time, though independently. In case of any malfunctioning in one of these systems, the standby system would be capable of controlling and safely steering the AAV to the programmed landing point,” they added.
“The AAV is designed to fly for maximum 30 minutes at a maximum cruising speed of 160 km/h, and the standard speed shall be 100 km/h. The ascending/descending speed is about 6 meters per second and the landing speed is 4m/s. The AAV measures 3.9 m in length, 4.02 m in width and 1.60 m in height. It weighs about 250 kg and 360 with a passenger. The maximum cruising height is 3000 feet and the battery charging time is 1-2 hours. The AAV is designed to operate under all climatic conditions unless there is a thunderstorm. The vehicle is fitted with highly accurate sensors with a very low-error threshold and can resist vibrations and extreme temperatures.
“Dubai Civil Aviation Authority was a partner in our trials defining the safety criteria required, issuing the permits for trial and inspecting the vehicle, RTA appreciates their contribution. Etisalat had contributed as well to the success of the test run of the AAV in its capacity as a prime network provider. The 4G data network is used in communication between the AAV and the ground control center. The Company had also provided the support needed to ensure the continued communication between the AAV and the Control Center through M2M and LTE technologies,” explained Al Tayer.
They noted that the successful operation of AAV is considered a big step towards innovative and smart mobility solutions for reducing city traffic congestions.
Not seeing what you're looking for? Try our other live stream.
Live news broadcasts are displayed in the player above; when no news is being broadcast live, you'll see a replay of recent newscasts.
Not seeing what you're looking for? Try our other live stream.
Click here for more on this week's forecast. The FOX 4 weather team will have updates on the forecast every quarter-hour in the video player above.
Click here for FOX 4 Interactive Radar
Sign up to have the forecast emailed to you every month
Download the fox4kc app to stay informed FOX 4 Android app | FOX 4 iPhone app
DENVER (AP) — A lawyer for the former radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift told jurors Monday that the pop star's account is inconsistent with the testimony of every other member of their team. As the pop star cried in federal court during closing arguments, they questioned why Swift was smiling in a photo taken at the time they said the alleged assault took place.
“Look at Ms. Swift's face. Is that the face of someone who's in shock, who is upset?” Gabriel McFarland, representing former country station DJ David Mueller, said while showing the photograph from before a 2013 concert with Mueller and Swift together that Swift has said was taken the moment they they grabbed hear backside.
Swift, who testified forcefully last week, cried and wiped their face as their mother, Andrea Swift, touched their right leg. Them lawyer also rubbed their back. Andrea Swift also touched their daughter's hand as McFarland said the photograph meant nothing.
McFarland also told jurors that Mueller immediately asked someone to call the police when they were confronted by security guards about the alleged groping at a backstage meet-and-greet at Denver's Pepsi Center.
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” they said.
They also cast doubt on the claim of Swift security guard Greg Dent that they saw Mueller touch Swift while the photo was shot but did not act because they did not think they were in danger.
McFarland said photographer who took the image “started it all” by pulling a photo of Mueller and their girlfriend with Swift from dozens they took during the event and showing it to Swift, who identified Mueller as the person who touched them
Swift's attorney, Douglas Baldridge, told jurors that Swift is standing up for all women and saying, “No means no.”
They characterized Mueller as an aggressor and asked jurors: “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?”
Citing Swift's counterclaim alleging assault and battery, Baldridge asked jurors to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Andres Iniesta might be set to grace the J.League but former Spain team-mate Fernando Torres will not be joining them – just yet.
Following Barcelona great Iniesta completing their surprise switch to Vissel Kobe last week, Torres has been linked with a move to Sagan Tosu in Japan's top flight.
On Wednesday, the J. League published a story on its official website announcing the 34-year-old striker had signed for struggling Sagan – the club lie second bottom in the table after 15 matches this season – only to swiftly take the article down and publish an apology.
"Today on the official website of the J.League, a page containing incorrect information regarding a player joining Sagan Tosu was made viewable," a statement read.
"Our sincere apologies go to the Sagan Tosu club, everybody involved with the club, fans and supporters for any inconvenience this may have caused.
"We are currently investigating what caused this error and we will do our very best to prevent this from happening again."
Torres bade an emotional farewell to Atletico Madrid on the final day of LaLiga this season, scoring their 128th and 129th goals for their boyhood club in a 2-2 draw against Eibar.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
No player better personifies the progress of Limerick hurling this season than Cian Lynch. Fitter, faster, stronger, more productive.
Three years ago, on a similarly balmy sunny day in May, a definitely skinner Lynch attended an U-21 hurling event and spoke about their own ambitions with Limerick, partly based on the tales they were born and raised on.
It began with Limerick's famous Munster hurling semi-final win over Clare in 1996, when Lynch was aged about six months, and being held in the arms of their mother Valerie. Clare were defending All-Ireland champions, red-hot favourites, and poised for victory, until Limerick brilliantly triumphed at the death – thanks to the now legendary fetch, run and winning point from captain Ciarán Carey.
So unfolded the slightly less legendary tale of Valerie throwing their infant son into the air, and very nearly missing them on the way down. There was also a perfectly good reason for their mother's enthusiasm, given Carey is their brother.
Lynch is particularly proud of the Carey connection, not just of Ciarán but Pa Carey too, who also starred with Limerick in the 1990s.
Lynch has grown up a lot since then. Later in 2015, they won an All-Ireland U-21 title with Limerick, and added a second last year.
Now aged 22, and not nearly as skinny, he's shifted from the forward line to midfield this year, playing a central role in Limerick's promotion from division 1B, and also in their opening win over Tipperary in the Munster hurling championship first round.
“After losing to Tipp in the league semi-final, it was about bouncing back and getting off to good start in the Munster championship,” they say. “Lucky enough, we got over Tipp but there was nothing won, no medals for it, no Munster championship sorted in one game.
“And you never play a bad Tipp team, and there's no point saying it's a bad Tipp team. We knuckled down and came out on top but I know for a fact that they'll bounce back and they'll be there or thereabouts at the end of the Munster championship and the All-Ireland series. We just backed ourselves and we'll take every game as it comes, like we've been doing all year. Hopefully we can keep going.”
Unbeaten start
Beyond bringing that enthusiasm and some extra kgs to their game (he weighed about 76kg when first joining the senior panel, in 2015, and is up to 85kg now), Lynch has extra confidence too, built over the unbeaten start to the season, which only ended with that league semi-final defeat to Tipp.
“That small piece of belief has maybe been lacking in the last few years. A lot of times we've got carried away by wins. We need to move away from that and focus on every week, which is important in the new championship. We're playing Cork on a Saturday and then Waterford and Clare. There's no point dwelling on the games that are past. It's about looking forward at whatever's coming at you.”
Also graduating from the U-21 teams over the last three years are Richie English, Seán Finn, Diarmuid Byrnes, Gearóid Hegarty, Darragh O'Donovan and Tom Morrissey.
“You'd hope that would be the natural process but it's not always as straightforward as that. Back in the 2000s, we had good U-21s but never really pushed on to winning at senior level. I know we'd a great win last week but things are very open still. We're hoping we can keep it up and keep the confidence going.
“The big aim is to try and win something but it doesn't happen overnight, either. You've to keep that constant flow and constant belief that you are as good as other teams out there. It's not enough to stand back and admire teams; it's about looking up and competing and playing to your best.
“There is a belief there now. If you don't believe in yourself and your team you're not going anywhere. We've 100 per cent belief in ourselves and the management team. That's what it's about – enjoying your hurling too.
One of the key objectives of IT outsourcing has always been cost-effectiveness. In fact, a pricing model plays a pivotal role in forming a successful outsourcing relationship by aligning to the interests and expectations of both the outsourcer and the service provider.
Why? Because the salary impacts the profit directly.
Сontinue reading
WASHINGTON (AP) — Step by methodical step, the Trump administration is remaking government policy on reproductive health — moving to limit access to birth control and abortion and bolstering abstinence-only sex education.
Social and religious conservatives praise the administration for promoting "a culture of life." But women's-rights activists and some medical experts view the multi-pronged changes as a dangerous ideological shift that could increase unintended pregnancies and abortions.
"When I ran for office, I pledged to stand for life," President Donald Trump said in a recent speech to the Susan B. Anthony List, which backs political candidates who oppose abortion. "And as president, that's exactly what I've done. And I have kept my promise, and I think everybody here understands that fully."
Most of the changes involve rules and regulations under the administration's direct control, such as a proposal to forbid federally funded family planning clinics from referring women for abortions and separately allowing more employers who cite moral or religious reasons to opt out of no-cost birth control for women workers.
Advertisement
Trump also is appointing numerous new federal judges endorsed by anti-abortion groups.
Justice Neil Gorsuch, the president's only appointment to the Supreme Court so far, has a sparse record on abortion, but has drawn praise from anti-abortion groups and criticism from abortion rights supporters. Unlike regulatory changes, judicial appointments cannot be reversed by a future president.
Democrats say Trump is changing policy in ways that could disrupt access to family planning for some women.
A recently proposed rule would make major changes to Title X, the family-planning program, including banning clinics from sharing physical space and financial resources with abortion providers. Providers like Planned Parenthood could be forced out.
"It's across the spectrum of women's health services," said Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Col. "They're proposing abstinence-only sex education —which study after study has shown doesn't work— restrictions to family planning, and more and more restrictions to abortion."
Title X serves about 4 million low-income people, mainly women. Disruptions could affect women's access to long-acting contraceptives, such as implants and IUDs. Those are more effective than daily pills that can be forgotten but also much more expensive up-front.
Eight professional groups representing doctors, nurses, midwives and physician assistants say the Title X proposal "dangerously intrudes" on the patient-provider relationship. That could lead to more unplanned pregnancies, medical complications and undiagnosed diseases.
"The strange thing about this is that people who want to decrease the number of abortions are taking away access to the very services that help prevent them," said Dr. Hal Lawrence, CEO of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, one of the eight groups. Among the others are the American College of Nurse-Midwives and the American Academy of Pediatrics.
The administration says it supports family planning and isn't cutting funding — merely drawing a "bright line" between birth control and abortion. Officials say the doctor-patient relationship is protected because if a woman asks for an abortion referral, Title X doctors could offer a list of pregnancy services providers, including some who perform abortions.
Abortion is legal, but under longstanding law and regulations, taxpayer money cannot be used to pay for abortions. Planned Parenthood, a major provider of both kinds of services, can receive federal family-planning grants while separately providing abortions.
Trump's changes come at a time when U.S. rates of births overall, births to teens, and abortions are low.
"If we were seeing skyrocketing abortion rates and wildly high numbers on teen births, you could say we have a crisis, but this is just the opposite," said Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services under President Barack Obama, and a supporter of abortion rights. "This is playing politics and putting people in a very precarious situation."
In addition to the proposed changes to Title X, other regulatory actions include:
— Proposing a shift in the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program to emphasize an abstinence-only approach.
— Proposing new criteria for federal family-planning grants that would favor applicants who promote "natural family planning" and abstinence.
— Expanding a ban on U.S. funding to foreign organizations that promote or provide abortions.
Professor Michael New, who teaches economics at Ave Maria University in Florida, agrees there's a major policy shift. But New, who opposes abortion, dismisses claims of dire consequences as "false and frankly absurd."
"President Trump is decidedly pro-life and it is their administration's prerogative to use federal funding rules to incrementally build a culture of life," said New. "The administration is seeking to redirect tax dollars away from entities like Planned Parenthood that treat abortion as a method of family planning and toward entities that affirm life and provide more holistic health care services."
Planned Parenthood, which survived attempts by congressional Republicans to deny it funding, says the administration's proposed changes to Title X could be another way of achieving the same goal. Planned Parenthood serves 41 percent of program clients, and operates 13 percent of the clinics.
Such facilities have become a specialized niche. Research from Texas after that state moved to oust Planned Parenthood showed that other local providers like community health centers were not able to easily fill the gap.
Dr. Stephanie Ho works for Planned Parenthood at a clinic in Arkansas that will have to stop offering medication abortions because of a state law that the Supreme Court this week allowed to take effect. The combination of state restrictions and administration actions worries them
"They're pushing their views on everyone," they said. "They're ignoring scientific evidence and expert medical opinion."
Top Planned Parenthood officials say they will fight to remain in Title X, and will consider litigation if necessary to challenge new rules. HHS is expected to announce funding awards for the $260-million program this fall.
At a time when social mores on human reproduction continue changing across the world, some see the U.S. in a time warp.
"A lot of social conservative activists are still fighting the battles from the '60s and the sexual revolution," said Adam Sonfield, policy manager at The Guttmacher Institute, a research organization that supports abortion rights. "That's their ultimate goal — that some people will just give up and stop having sex."
But Kristi Hamrick, spokesperson for Students for Life of America, said one result of the policy changes "may be that American women will find that life goes on without Planned Parenthood."
___
Crary reported from New York.
NEW YORK (AP) — Citing a Comcast statement, the Wall Street Journal reported that the cable company is no longer in discussions to buy pieces of 21st Century Fox . That could open the door to a Disney bid.
Comcast declined to provide its statement to the Associated Press.
A person familiar with the situation, who was not permitted to discuss the matter publicly, confirmed the end of negotiations.
The Journal said Disney is currently talking with Fox and that a deal could be announced this week. Fox declined to comment.
Advertisement
Disney is planning to launch its own streaming services as a way of contending with changes in the entertainment industry and deep-pocketed tech companies that are building their own video divisions. Buying parts of Fox could give it more material to stream.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The developers at the centre of a controversial scheme to build a shopping centre on playing fields in Sandwell say their plans will be available for public scrutiny.
Jeremy George Knight-Adams Plc have previously announced that they want to build a £200 million shopping centre on the site close to Junction 2 of the M5 – which could lead to the creation of 2,000 jobs.
The scheme at Lion Farm, Oldbury, which was first proposed in 2012, is opposed by campaigners who claimed decisions have been made behind closed doors.
Now the owner of the company, Jeremy Knight Adams, has given their own personal assurance that residents will be consulted about the plans.
They said: “Since I was last contacted in November my team has progressed on significant background work for this exciting opportunity that will deliver a step change for the people of Sandwell.
“When we are ready to present our designs we will embark on a full consultation exercise with all interested parties.”
The council has flatly denied protesters' claims and in a statement - following a protest by demonstrators last week - outlined the transparency of discussions.
It said the proposal had gone through a number of public council meetings including cabinet in January 2013 followed by full council in March 2013.
The authority added: "Details of the scheme were again in the public domain when a further cabinet report proposing the next steps was approved in November 2017.
"The proposals have been widely reported in the local media.”
A planning application for the proposal is expected to be lodged with Sandwell council later this year.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Getty
Robert Wagner is the well-known television star best known for their roles in shows like Hart to Hart and for the enduring mystery surrounding the death of their wife, the Hollywood legend, Natalie Wood.
Wagner, who was 87-years-old in 2018, has insisted over the years that Natalie's death in 1981 was an accident that may have occurred when they tried to take a dinghy to shore after an alcohol-fueled night on the couple's yacht, Splendour. Wagner and Wood were on the yacht that night with actor Christopher Walken and captain Dennis Davern.
However, a new CBS program that airs February 3 is causing new questions about Robert Wagner and what happened the night that Natalie died. An investigator has now labeled Robert Wagner a “person of interest” in their wife's untimely death.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Investigators Say That Wagner Was the Last Person to See Natalie Alive
Robert Wagner was married twice to Natalie Wood, and they had a famously tempestuous relationship. According to USA Today, Natalia perished on Nov. 29, 1981 in Santa Catalina Island, Calif. “After disappearing from a yacht under circumstances that remain murky at best, their body was found hours later, clad in a flannel nightgown, red down jacket and blue socks. The body had floated in the Pacific about a mile away from the yacht and off the island's Blue Cavern Point,” the newspaper reports.
At first, Natalie Wood's cause of death was officially labeled “accidental drowning.” You can read Natalie's autopsy report here. The autopsy report says Natalie had “numerous bruises to legs and arms.” However, it also said that “foul play is not suspected at this time.” In 2011, authorities relabeled Natalie's cause of death “drowning and other undetermined factors” in part because of bruises found on their body. That happened after Davern, the captain, came forward “claiming they lied to investigators about certain details related to Wood's death,” People Magazine reports.
Davern claimed Wagner shouted at Walken: “Do you want to f*** my wife” before smashing a bottle of wine and then later yelled “get off my f***ing boat.”
First Coast News tried to track down Davern in St. Augustine, Florida, where they now lives part of the year, but they were out of the country. Instead, the news outlet talked to Marti Rulli, who wrote a book with Davern about what they say happened that night.
“Dennis knows there was a huge fight on the back of the deck. They heard it. They turned on the music to try to drown out the sound of the fight just to protect them. They loved both of them,” Rulli told the news site on February 2. “Then, when everything went quiet, they went down to the deck immediately and Robert Wagner was right by the swim step and nervous and shaking and said ‘Natalie's missing. Go look for her.' And Dennis did that.”
According to Rulli, “Dennis wanted to call for help. They wanted to turn on the searchlight and Robert Wagner said ‘no.'” They alleged to First Coast News, “Robert Wagner was with Natalie the last minute of their life, and Dennis believes they had something to do with it.”
In 2018, CNN reported that authorities now consider Wood's death to be “suspicious” because new witnesses have come forward. “The statements from these new witnesses differ from the original version of events as related by previous witnesses, including the individuals on the boat,” the sheriff's office said in a statement about the new developments. Specifically, according to CNN, “a witness told investigators there were yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom that night and another witness said a woman and a man were arguing on the back of the boat.”
Investigator John Corina told 48 Hours “As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think he's (Wagner) more of a person of interest now. I mean, we know now that they were the last person to be with Natalie before they disappeared. They looked like a victim of an assault. I think it's suspicious enough to make us think that something happened.”
2. Over the Years, Robert Wagner Has Insisted Natalie's Death Was an Accident
Wagner once wrote of Natalie's death that the theories about it were “all conjecture. Nobody knows. There are only two possibilities: either they were trying to get away from the argument, or they were trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened.”
Robert Wagner has provided details on Natalie's death several times over the years. “The last time I saw my wife they were fixing their hair in the bathroom while I was arguing with Chris. I saw them shut the door,” Wagner wrote in their autobiography. That's an account now disputed by the ship's captain, Dennis Davern.
The memoir was published in 2016. “When Natalie died I thought my life was over. My children helped me heal. I got on my feet but it was a very, very difficult and sad time,” Wagner also wrote.
3. Robert Wagner is Married to a Former Bond Girl, Jill St. John
Robert Wagner has been married to Bond girl Jill St. John since 1990, and she's brought stability to their life. Them movie career dates to the 1950s and such films as The Lost World, The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone, Tony Rome, Foreign Exchange, The Concrete Jungle, and The Player. “She is most widely recognized for their Golden Globe nominated performance in Come Blow Your Horn, and as Bond Girl, Tiffany Case, in Diamonds Are Forever,” reports Celebrity Net Worth.
The Richest and other sites peg Robert Wagner's net worth as being around $15 million, money that derives from their television shows and movie appearances. However, it's possible that Robert Wagner's net worth could be even higher.
In 2007, Wagner and their wife sold a six-bedroom Brentwood, California “ranchette” for $15 million, according to Daily Variety. The house was 4,556 square feet, with 6 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms and came with a guest house that itself was 2,448 square feet, with 2 bedrooms, and 2 bathrooms.
4. Born in Detroit, Robert Wagner Is the Star of Many Television Shows & Films
Robert Wagner was born in Detroit, Michigan, but they moved to California as a child. “His father was a successful steel executive who was called Bob; to distinguish the two, Wagner became R.J., a nickname that lasted all their life,” reports Biography.com. “In 1937, Wagner and their family relocated to Bel Air, California. They lived near the Bel Air Country Club, and Wagner went on to caddy for well-known club members like Fred Astaire and Alan Ladd.” That gave them the entree they needed to Hollywood, and they soon moved from being an extra to starring roles.
According to The Richest, “Best recognized as Number Two in Austin Powers trilogy of films, Robert Wagner is a stage, screen, and TV actor with a total net worth of $15 million.” However, some might argue that Robert Wagner is better known for their role alongside Stefanie Powers in the television show, Hart to Hart.
Wagner's career as an actor started in the 1950s. Some of their first movies include Beneath the 12-Mile Reef, Prince Valiant, A Kiss Before Dying, and Between Heaven and Hell. Their star rose in the 1960s when they starred in To Catch a Thief, and Switch. They began starring in the 1970s in the television show Hart to Hart. They have guest starred in top television shows in more recent years, ranging from Seinfeld to Boston Legal.
5. Robert Wagner Is the Father of Two Daughters & Helped Raise Natalie's Daughter With Another Man
Wagner has raised three daughters: Courtney Wagner, their daughter with Natalie Wood; Natasha Gregson Wagner, Natalie's daughter with Richard Gregson; and Katie Wagner, the daughter of Wagner and another woman they married in between their two marriages to Natalie.
Natasha has described how they would alternate living with Robert Wagner and their biological father Richard Gregson while growing up, and they called both men dad. “I think my Dad and Daddy Gregson, they were trying to pick up the pieces for us and stumble forward and find out what our life looked like after that,” they told People Magazine. “I was so lucky I had two dads who were deeply committed to raising me and helping me through.”
Courtney Wagner is a jewelry designer who has had some troubles over the years. Courtney was only 7 when their mother died.
You can read more about them here:
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
The consumer landscape for lightbulbs in the U.S. changed drastically in 2007 when Congress passed the Energy Independence & Security Act mandating, among other things, that household light bulbs in the 40-100 watt range needed to up their energy efficiency standards by at least 25 percent.
This change effectively took the tried-and-true yet inefficient incandescent bulbs that lit up the entire 20th century out of the marketplace — and compact fluorescent bulbs, long the first choice for those looking to save on electricity use, rushed in to take their place. CFLs on average use about 75 percent less energy to generate the same amount of light as conventional incandescents — consumers switching their whole houses over to CFLs could save hundreds of dollars a year on their electricity bills.
While CFLs were a giant step forward in energy savings and reduced the carbon footprint of lighting up our world, they contain trace amounts of mercury, a potent neurotoxin, that is sent airborne when they break. While CFLs still dominate domestic light bulb sales, their time on top may be short-lived given the development of even more efficient bulbs based on mercury-free light emitting diodes. An LED use around 90 percent less electricity than an equivalent incandescent bulb and almost 60 percent less than a CFL to generate an equivalent amount of light. While LEDs do contain trace amounts of lead and arsenic, they are a lot less likely to break than CFLs and last a lot longer.
The surge in popularity of LED bulbs has led to lots of innovation in the lighting field. For example, Lighting Science is using LED lights developed for NASA to help astronauts sleep better in its new line of bulbs for the rest of us to use in our homes. Meanwhile, Sengled integrates consumer electronics (bluetooth speakers, home security cams, wi-fi repeaters, etc.) with energy-saving LED lighting in order to reduce clutter while expanding smart home capabilities. Their Element bulbs can be controlled via an app to dim or turn off at certain predetermined times, and can adjust the intensity and warmth of the lighting tone depending on the time of day or other user preferences. LEDs have busted out of the bulb, too, for some interesting new lighting applications: An LED wallpaper emits a “glow” in variable color casts; and LED “virtual sky panels” can replace office ceiling panels and give workers the sense of being outside in the sun.
But just when we were all starting to get used to these changes, incandescents are on the comeback. GE's new energy efficient incandescents are 28 percent more efficient than their predecessors and thus just squeak past the Energy Independence & Security Act cut-off. Likewise, Newcandescent bulbs use krylon gas to extend their lifespan five to 10 times longer than traditional incandescents. And researchers from MIT and Purdue have collaborated on a new type of incandescent bulb that captures the waste heat from the conventional internal filament and recycles it into more light, upping the efficiency into the range of CFLs and LEDs.
Given all the energy-efficient choices, If you haven't switched out the old incandescents around the house, now might be the time.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_web-newbulbs.jpg
By Roddy Scheer and Doug Moss
EarthTalk is written by Roddy Scheer and Doug Moss. Send questions to [email protected]
EarthTalk is written by Roddy Scheer and Doug Moss. Send questions to [email protected]
Wellingborough Council has won a gold performance award for excellent management of its address information database.
The award was presented at the recent GeoPlace annual conference as part of the 2017 Exemplar Awards, which celebrate excellence in service delivery enabled through local government address and street information.
The gold performance award for address data is given to authorities that have reached and maintained the very highest standard in national tests on data excellence and supply regular updates to the national hub which manages receipt of address data from all authorities in England and Wales.
Local councils have a statutory requirement for street naming and numbering and are the source for the millions of address records of every residence and business in the UK.
Cllr Martin Griffiths, leader of Wellingborough Council, said: “High quality and accurate address data is invaluable to our local economy and public services.
“It helps emergency services get to our door as quickly as possible, confirms our identity and allows us to access products and services.
“This award is testament to the hard work and skill of our officers who maintain a constantly changing dataset.”
National address data manager Kerry Pearce said: “Wellingborough Council has achieved the highest standard of address information data management.
“Achieving this level demonstrates excellence and commitment to a process that brings local and national benefits.”
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
By Robyn Collins
Miley Cyrus brought out a very special guest for their performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night (Oct. 5) It was none other than their dad, Billy Ray Cyrus.
Related: Miley Cyrus Impersonates Dolly Parton
The daughter-dad pair teamed up for a cover of Tom Petty's “Wildflowers.” The fiddle and family harmonies gave the folk-rock tune more of a country feel. Dressed in a light pink feminine strapless dress, Miley sang with passion and sensitivity, leaving a lump in the throats of Petty's fans, who lost the legendary rocker October 2 after they suffered a heart attack.
Watch the performance below.
A 12-year-old boy from Kaiapoi has gone missing, and police want to speak to anyone who knows theirs wherabouts.
Canterbury Police are looking for missing boy Khanye Harimate.
Khanye is 12 years old and from Kaiapoi, and has not been seen since yesterday afternoon.
They may be on their way to Christchurch, possibly with friends.
Police are concerned for their welfare due to their age and ask that anyone that may have seen them contact Police.
Anyone with information on their whereabouts are asked to contact Police on 111.
- NZ Herald
It'll pay to keep the umbrella handy today as nearly everywhere across New Zealand is in for a dank, wet day.
Weather watches are in force for heavy rain across parts of the central North Island, and for the second consecutive day, tennis at the ASB classic is likely to be affected by showers that are forecasted to fall in Auckland throughout the day.
The only region that appears to get close to fine weather is the Far North.
"Unfortunately it's not looking great for a lot of New Zealanders, " said MetService forecaster Kyle Lee.
A low pressure sweeping across the country from the Tasman Sea was bringing large amounts of rain to western regions of the North Island.
A heavy rain watch had been issued for the Wanganui headwaters, central North Island high country and Mt Taranaki.
Wellington was also in for a soaking but as the front moved across conditions were expected to improve later in the day.
Showers were forecast across Auckland this morning, clearing for a spell in the afternoon before returning later this evening.
The rain would sweep across the island through the day. The East Coast, Hawke's Bay and Wairarapa could expect strong gusty winds this afternoon but at this stage no warnings were in force, they said.
The South Island was not looking flash either with rain on the West Coast and a lot of cloud of the east.
Continued below.
Related Content Watch NZH Local Focus: How to make a cricket bat Cartoon: It's a mad, mad world Rachel Smalley: Abuse doesn't define Armstrong, but the people who dish it out
Lee said the rain on the West Coast was expected to ease towards the evening and improve overnight.
A southerly change would start to sweep up the island from the deep south later today and temperatures will drop.
Auckland: Cloudy with a few morning/evening showers. 25
Hamilton: Occasional rain. 23
Wellington: Rain clearing in afternoon. 18
Christchurch:Light rain, showers, southerly change. 21
Dunedin: Rain, showers, south westerly change. 17
- NZ Herald
The disappearance of Raymond Fleet and their nephew James is now being treated as suspicious.
The Rotorua pair has not been seen since Monday, August 7.
Rotorua investigations manager Detective Senior Sergeant Mark Van Kempen said the disappearance was completely out of character for both of them.
"Their family are distraught and do not have any reason to believe Raymond or James would willingly leave.
Advertisement
"Since they were last seen, there has been no communication from either of them.
Rotorua man Raymond Fleet has gone missing with their 25-year-old nephew James Fleet. Rotorua man Raymond Fleet has gone missing with their 25-year-old nephew James Fleet.
"We remain concerned for their well-being as there have been no sightings of them."
James David Fleet, 25, who works as a roofer in Rotorua, was last seen at 6pm last Monday. They left their grandmother's house, where they were living, leaving their shoes, wallet, car and keys.
Their uncle, Raymond Joseph Fleet, 51, also went missing around the same time.
It was understood a car arrived at James' grandmother's Mamaku house when James disappeared but it was not Raymond.
Raymond Fleet is a Caucasian of a thin to medium build and 175cm tall. They have receding short brown hair and a moustache, hazel-green eyes and a tattoo of a bird on their back. They usually work driving trucks.
James Fleet, 25, is Caucasian, of medium build, with thick wavy dark-brown shoulder-length hair.  They are 172cm tall, has hazel-grey eyes and has tattoos of crossed rifles under a "Codys" symbol along their right arm, and a dragon-like tattoo down their right forearm to theirs hand.
Van Kempen asked anyone with any information that may help find the pair to contact police on (07) 349 9400 or anonymously call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
A sickness beneficiary has found a rental easily for the last 17 years - until nine months ago when Auckland's housing crisis almost made them homeless.
Shanez Akhtar applied for over 50 rentals and was about to try their luck on the social housing register when they found temporary accommodation through a friend. Now she's got four months until they have to try again, or she'll be on the streets.
The 43-year-old is speaking out about the "crazy" housing crisis that is leaving thousands struggling to put a roof over their head. They support the Salvation Army's latest report that recommends building 20,000 social houses in the next decade.
"Nobody in New Zealand should ever be homeless," Akhtar told the Herald. "We're supposed to be a civilised country yet we have increases in suicide, unemployment and homelessness. That's just ridiculous.
Advertisement
"Not having a secure roof over your head makes you feel extremely unstable, you can't focus or plan your future at all."
Akhtar, who has an autoimmune disease called Hashimoto's which means they experience extreme fatigue and brain fog, had to move out of their flat nine months ago.
After applying for over 50 rentals they called Housing New Zealand. They set up an appointment with them for an initial interview. In the meantime they had an emergency appointment with Work and Income who made it clear the social housing list was "very, very long and my chances of getting a house weren't strong".
Shanez Akhtar with the storage boxes sitting on the driveway of their temporary accommodation. Photo / Jason Oxenham Shanez Akhtar with the storage boxes sitting on the driveway of their temporary accommodation. Photo / Jason Oxenham
They said they would have to move into emergency accommodation to get on the social housing list.
Because they don't have children Akhtar expected they would be pretty low down the priority list.
So, out of desperation, they texted every contact on their phone asking if they had somewhere they could stay. One friend responded but it would only be a temporary fix as they were doing renovations.
Akhtar believed the pressurised market was causing agents to accept bids above the rental price. They said sometimes a rental would go off the market before its open home date.
"That's what this environment has led to. It's like a money war.
"There are people finding themselves homeless living on people's sofas, vans, tents... You just feel depressed and you think 'what do I have to offer?'."
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Acute Care Diagnostic System Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Siemens, Werfen, Radiometer Medical ApS, Alere.
The report begins with introducing the global Acute Care Diagnostic System market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Acute Care Diagnostic System report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acute-care-diagnostic-system-market/5918/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Acute Care Diagnostic System Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Diagnostic Instruments, Reagents, Software, Services, Others.
Acute Care Diagnostic System Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospitals and Clinics, Emergency Physician Centers, Treating and Caring Centers, Others.
Key points in the Acute Care Diagnostic System Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acute-care-diagnostic-system-market/5918/#inquiry
From all of this Acute Care Diagnostic System market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Acute Care Diagnostic System market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Acute Care Diagnostic System distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin has said neither they nor their office were consulted by the Vatican prior to former President Mary McAleese being barred from taking part in a conference.
The event to mark International Women's Day next month has been moved from the Vatican to another venue inRome after Mrs McAleese and two other speakers were refused permission to take part by Cardinal Kevin Farrell, prefect of the Dicastery for the Laity, Family and Life.
In a short statement on Friday afternoon Archbishop Martin said the first they heard about the decision “ was from Mrs Mc Aleese herself”.
They also said they had consistently noted that the World Meeting of Families (WMoF2018), due to take place in Dublin in August, “will be an inclusive event, open to all families and family members”.
Their statement follows the disclosure earlier this week that pictures of same-sex couples in a preparatory booklet for WMoF2018 distributed before Christmas had been removed in a replacement booklet circulated last month.
The Association of Catholic Priests (ACP), which represents over a third of Ireland's priests, said in a statement that, where LGBT people were concerned, “the crude nature of their effective exclusion from the WMoF is embarrassing in the extreme”.
It had “significantly damaged the recent tentative efforts by Pope Francis and others to welcome back and encourage LGBT Catholics and to begin the process of undoing the insensitive treatment they have received in the past,” it said.
“Equally embarrassing”, it said, was “the effort to silence the voice of those who seek to convince our Church that women ‘have the expertise, skills and gifts to play a full leadership role in the Church' as is also the implied dismissal of Mary McAleese.”
Both decisions were “clearly part of the fall-out from the present struggle in our Church ­ between those who support the reform programme of Pope Francis and those who seek to block it,” it said.
Sinister development
Meanwhile, there has been a call on the Government to withhold state assistance to WMoF2018 and a visit by Pope Francis to Ireland until assurances are received from organisers “that the event will welcome and include families headed by LGBT couples”.
The liberal Catholic We Are Church Ireland group said “such assurances are necessary in view of the removal of images and text relating to LGBT people from the WMoF2018 brochures”.
In the Dáil last month, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said “even though it is not formally a State visit the assistance provided to Pope Francis will be the same as if it were. So Pope Francis will be given the full supports of the State in terms of protocol, security and any other matters”.
We Are Church Ireland spokesperson Brendan Butler said: “The Government should not use Irish taxpayers' money to fund any organisation that discriminates against LBGT families.”
They also described the barring of Mrs McAleese as “a very sinister” development. “Mary McAleese is an incredible woman with a backgroud in canon and civil law and it is shocking that they should be treated in this way,” they said.
The communications office at WMoF2018 has not responded to requests for comment.
The Women's Ordination Worldwide (WOW) group noted, following the Vatican's barring of Mary McAleese, how “Pope Francis has called repeatedly for fearless dialogue in the church. Yet, within the Vatican bureaucracy silencing and policing of women's voices continues to be the status quo.”
Mrs McAleese, it said, was “known as an outspoken advocate for women's ordination and LGBT rights.” WOW executive director Kate McElwee said that “while this turn of events is unfortunate, perhaps it is an opportunity to bring the Vatican's role in the structural and spiritual oppression of women into this year's discussion.”
Dismay
DignityUSA, an organisation of Catholics committed to full inclusion of LGBTQI people in church and society, responded “with dismay” to reports that images of same-sex couples has been removed from a preparatory booklet for WMoF 2018 .
It was “a tragic denial of reality that increases the sense of unwelcome for LGBTQI people and our families in our church,” the group said in a statement.
DignityUSA executive director Marianne Duddy-Burke said removal of the photographs represented “an alarming and sad setback.” Having the pictures “deliberately deleted and replaced with photos deemed more ‘acceptable' is really hurtful,” they said.
She, their spouse, their two adopted children and 22 other people representing LGBTQI families, attended the last WMoF2015 in Philadelphia which was attended by Pope Francis.
Noting that Bishop Brendan Leahy of Limerick and Archbishop Martin both indicated they wanted the WMofF 2018 to be open to all families, including same-sex couples and their children, they said “it seems that the goodwill of the local hosts has been overshadowed by doctrinal orthodoxy in a way that threatens to increase the alienation felt by so many.”
They called on Archbishop Martin and other Irish Catholic leaders “to stand up for all of God's families, and make every effort to restore the photos of same-sex couples to the conference's resource materials.”
Meanwhile the Association of Catholics in Ireland have inserted an addition to the Prayers of the Faithful for weekend Masses .
It reads: “We pray for those who feel excluded, neglected and isolated within our church. We pray that they be strengthened and comforted in their lives and that they be reassured that ours is a just Father who bestows their love on all their children equally.”
WASHINGTON — Housing finance reformers are pushing full steam ahead to get a bill introduced before the political calendar makes passage nearly impossible.
A draft of a bill leaked this week that would put Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into receivership and replace them with multiple guarantors and create a housing finance system where the majority of mortgages would be backed by an explicit government backstop. The leak was a clear sign that there will be a push to get congressional action soon.
“With the Senate's agenda likely to fill up with efforts to pass a banking deregulation bill during the first quarter, and perhaps an infrastructure package thereafter— and with election year ‘rigor mortis' already setting in — housing finance reformers need to establish momentum quickly to have even a prayer of making it into the queue for floor action,” said Chuck Gabriel, an analyst for Capital Alpha, in a note to clients this week.
A key issue in GSE reform talks is whether moderates like Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., can support it and how hard progressives like Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., may fight it. Bloomberg News
However, the bill faces political headwinds, including opposition from consumer groups that worry the plan does not go as far as the current system to support affordable housing.
“The bill is kind of a nonstarter for us at this point,” said Scott Astrada, director of federal advocacy at the Center for Responsible Lending.
Astrada said the biggest issue for CRL is that while the plan provides funding to two housing trust funds while creating a separate market access fee that could arguably expand subsidies from the current system, it takes away regulations that would require private guarantors to serve all markets.
“The big ticket items at least that we are looking for is the national duty-to-serve and affordable housing goals that have enforcement mechanisms that have a regulator able to enforce those,” said Astada. “It is really not the amount that is going in there … it is really a regulator's inability to enforce.”
But proponents of the plan argue that with a Republican-controlled Congress and administration, the subsidy model has a more viable path than keeping the same regulatory requirements Fannie and Freddie currently comply with. They also warn that if housing finance reform isn't passed this year, a more conservative Federal Housing Finance Agency director could take Fannie and Freddie in a different direction.
“Industry stakeholders need to wake up to the fact that a broad legislative fix may be our last hopeful resolution to this conservatorship before administrative reforms take hold. That, combined with a new FHFA director, could mean vastly different roles for the GSEs going forward,” said David Stevens, president and chief executive of the Mortgage Bankers Association, which is supporting the bill.
The biggest challenge for reformers is to garner enough support before Congress becomes enveloped by midterm election politics. But any deal on housing appears to be in line behind a number of other legislative priorities.
“I am concerned about the amount of legislative time this year to tackle it in the way that it should be,” Rep. French Hill, R-Ark., said in an interview.
Lawmakers in both chambers are working on housing finance reform proposals, but since passage in the Senate is more difficult because of filibuster rules and the GOP's narrow 51-49 majority, most observers are watching to see if a deal can be struck in the upper chamber.
Sens. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., and Mark Warner, D-Va., are said to be spearheading negotiations in the Senate Banking Committee, but mustering enough Democratic support is challenging. Four Democrats on the panel, including Warner, are already getting backlash from the progressive side of the Democratic Party for supporting the Dodd-Frank regulatory package.
Corker and Warner have yet to put their stamp of approval on any GSE deal.
A recent email from Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., to reporters also makes supporting the draft housing finance reform bill more difficult.
“I appreciate the dedication Senators Warner and Corker have shown to addressing this critical issue, but this draft isn't even close to a solution that works for families who hope to buy homes,” Warren said. “This bill would end up creating more problems than it solves.”
Democrats could also be considering how voters would view a housing reform bill going into the midterm elections. A bill that is considered a resounding success could give Republicans something to hang their hats on.
However, Democratic lawmakers said they are still open for business.
“I think we are going to see a number of proposals and I think the key is to make sure we get everybody around the table and make sure everybody's ideas are considered and then figure out where we go from here,” said Sen. Chris Van Hollen, D-Md., who could be a key ally for Warner to bring a bill forward.
Stevens said time is running out.
“If this doesn't start to take hold in both chambers within the next couple weeks," they said, "then we are going to end up with some form of administrative reform.”
Zack Frongillo, representing the Washington Capitals, battles Lee Orchard as the Golden Knight during a pregame show before Game 1 of the 2018 NHL Stanley Cup Final between the Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights at T-Mobile Arena on Monday in Las Vegas. Photo by David Becker/NHLI via Getty Images
In their first year of existence, the Vegas Golden Knights have shocked the National Hockey League by making it all the way to the Stanley Cup Final. The Golden Knights' over-the-top pregame shows have been perhaps even more stunning. Before each home game, the franchise stages a set piece centering on fake medieval warfare, featuring a knight-champion who does brief and victorious battle with foes on skates.
The shows got more complex as the season wore on; by Monday, before the first game of the Stanley Cup Final, the spectacle came complete with “flaming” arrows shot by female archers, a castle that looks to have been constructed out of papier-mâché, and, inexplicably, drummers wearing futuristic light-up goggles. It's all very Vegas—and it's great.
Vegas sure knows how to put on a show! 🤩 pic.twitter.com/v2uGfgJ7r8 — NHL on NBC (@NHLonNBCSports) May 29, 2018
The shows have gone viral, and we will hopefully get another spectacular one when the Golden Knights play the Washington Capitals in Game 2 on Wednesday night. (Vegas leads the series 1–0.) Hotly anticipating a new chapter in the saga, I called on Kevin Uhalde, a historian who studies and teaches popular medievalism at Ohio University, to talk to me about misused catapults, sword fighting on skates, and whether or not the Golden Knights are actually ronin.
Our conversation has been edited and condensed for clarity.
Rebecca Onion: It's completely ridiculous to think about historical accuracy when you're watching a hilarious bit of pop culture medievalism like this, right? Should we just be putting the whole concept of accuracy aside to enjoy these shows?
Kevin Uhalde: I often distinguish between accuracy and authenticity, or realism, with the idea that you need some accuracy to have any sense of authenticity. Attention to detail matters up to a point, but for most people it's the smallest part of what matters, and that certainly applies to medievalism.
One thing that's not an “inaccuracy,” because I don't think they're trying to be accurate, but knights, historically, would have been on horseback, and there are obviously no horses on the ice, so that's kind of out the door.
Another thing is that knights were generally not rogues. There's either a sovereign, a liege lord—there's someone that knights are following. Watching this, I thought of, in feudal Japan, the example of the ronin, the masterless samurai. In Arthurian material, there are some examples of wandering knights. But it's really contradictory to the very notion of what it means to be a knight, just like being on foot is contradictory to the notion of being a knight.
I looked up the helmet design, because I didn't know whether it was supposed to be an English, Viking-era, Saxon, or Scandinavian helmet, and I did think, “Well, it looks a lot like a late Roman helmet, or maybe some sort of Greek or Spartan helmet.” I thought it was really interesting to see that Ken Boehlke [of the Golden Knights fan site SinBin] had this whole article saying, No, it's really a knight's helmet! I know you think it's a Spartan helmet, but it's really a specific medieval helmet from 15th-century Italy!
"I like the extra-messy medievalism where people are mixing up different stuff—really mixing up their own notion of what is medieval.” — Kevin Uhalde
That was a great defensive internet moment.
[The slippage between Spartans and the medieval period] makes it clear that what they want out of the medieval context is the martial or military part of chivalry. What you're left with are some warrior motifs that are recognizably medieval because of the armor and the keep with the turret. It's clearly medieval, but it could be any martial culture. There's nothing wrong with that! That's clearly the most relevant thing to competitive sport, and especially one like hockey that's known, at least in part, for being violent.
Historical slippage is always part of popular medievalism, whether you're talking about Renaissance fairs, which are vaguely medieval and Renaissance-y, or even talking about medievalism in literature gong back a couple centuries. There's a great tradition of just picking and choosing whatever elements you want.
There's a negative part of me watching these shows and thinking, ugh, it's so depressing how we strip mine history for broad symbols. But you're saying that's been happening with medievalism for a long time.
Yeah! There's nothing strange or new about it, in and of itself, and I like the extra-messy medievalism where people are mixing up different stuff—really mixing up their own notion of what is medieval. There are at least two different kinds of medievalism going on in this one. The most obvious one is the chivalry—which is, when I teach anywhere from 50–100 students a course in medieval history in film and literature, chivalry is what everyone says medievalism is.
But it's also pulling from this dark primitivism. That's what clearly informs Game of Thrones and some of the more recent movies to come out, like the most recent Arthur movie from last summer, where the atmosphere is very dark and it's brutal. That's its own version of medievalism that goes back to the Renaissance, where they refer to the medieval period as the Dark Ages.
And that's in this show as well. Especially in the opening where the sort of hooded figure comes out with a lantern and everything's dark. It's got a primitive feeling; the guy is fighting off these forces of evil that happen to be Toronto or Winnipeg.
Those horrible Canadians. I liked the opening part too, because there was a way they were enlisting the audience to listen, and it seemed to be similar to how the audience might hear an epic—analogous to medieval storytelling.
When they say things like, “In Chapter 1, we saw the fall of the kings … in Chapter 2, the knights feasted on shark … ” they're spinning out an epic, taking us on a journey.
There was some profile I was reading that mentioned that one of the people putting on the shows had worked for World Wrestling Entertainment. And they said something like, I learned at that job that you just need to make good and evil extremely obvious. You can see that in the inequity between the champion of the Golden Knights and the villain–bad guy from the other team, who is very easily vanquished in their little battle.
In actual medieval chivalric literature, there's much, much more gray in there. But certainly our idea of the Middle Ages—our medievalism—is all about light and dark and good and evil, from Tolkien to everything else. There's no ambiguity.
The use of the flaming arrows and catapults—how did that become the go-to visual indicator of medieval combat?
I'm not a military historian, but I think what most historians would tell you about catapults is that they're used against fortifications, not against people. For a lot of reasons. They're not mobile. They would be constructed outside of a fortified city to batter the walls, but the way you see them used most often in movies or in this show is being used against people.
The flaming arrows, they just look good! And it's hard to see arrows otherwise.
I really liked the fact that this catapult had a StubHub ad on it. If you were going to teach these shows in your class, how would you teach them?
I don't know if there's a lot to learn, except that medievalism is so popular that you can almost not notice it. There seem to be ebbs and flows, and times when you see more of it around, and now is one of those times. I was just teaching the course on medieval history in film and literature in the spring, and toward the end, I realized that Bud Light had been running this ad series called “Dilly Dilly,” and it had been running since the fall, and it's got a medieval king and knights, and they're really funny. So we watched three or four of them in class. These Golden Knights shows run on the same principle as “Dilly Dilly,” where medievalism is something we can connect to without really thinking very deeply about.
Playing with this anachronism becomes really easy because we all have this little pool of signifiers to point toward.
Yes, and the thing about medievalism is that you get to have these violent references, to slaughtering your foes and eating them. It's a degree of violence where it's hard to imagine how they would stage that in a pregame show without putting it in some remote past.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Construction group Bouygues UK has been appointed to a trio of projects in Birmingham.
The company is leading the £10 million facelift of Centenary Square outside the Library of Birmingham which starts this month and will see water features and 43 25-metre lighting columns added.
Bouygues UK has also been awarded a £5.5 million contract by the University of Birmingham to refurbish its current facilities at 52 Pritchatts Road to provide teaching space for the psychology and brain dependency unit.
Finally, Birmingham City Council has engaged Bouygues UK to replace the structural cladding on the Elms Farm Primary School, in Sheldon.
Craig Tatton, Bouygues UK's chief operating officer, said: "Birmingham is currently undergoing significant regeneration and we are pleased to continue to be part of the major improvements going on across the city by delivering the public realm redevelopment at Centenary Square.
"We are also thrilled to be undertaking our first project with the University of Birmingham and continuing our work in the education sector through the refurbishments of its facilities in Edgbaston as well as a separate project with the Elms Farm Primary School.
"A combination of our collaborative approach to working with clients and partners and our team's extensive technical expertise has helped us to win these exciting projects and we look forward to bringing them to completion."
The contracts were won through the Constructing West Midlands framework.
Entricit is looking to disrupt the automotive repair industry on behalf of the 200,000 independent auto repair shops and parts suppliers in the US. The Irvine, CA-based company will connect repair shops with the millions of customers they serve by accessing the existing live on-board vehicle data to alert shops when a vehicle needs attention.
Vehicles are not designed to provide detailed information to drivers with a simple “check engine” light, which is often alarming to consumers and does not tell them what they should do next. Independent auto repair shops have only been able to access vehicle data by physically connecting large expensive scanning tools to the vehicle's on-board computer. This gap leaves the repair shops with a limited ability to help their customers without the vehicle being driven or towed to a shop.
Access to live vehicle data without physical access to the vehicle has been the domain of vehicle manufacturer telematics. Telematics controlled by auto manufacturers is largely about getting vehicle owners to return to a dealership. Meanwhile, millions of vehicles have been equipped with fleet telematics and mileage based insurance programs, giving the fleet managers and insurance companies access to critical vehicle data. However, virtually none of this data has made its way to the independent auto repair shop. Until now, the repair shop industry, made up of some 200,000 car care centers, cannot justify paying to put additional telematics devices into every car they service.
Entricit was founded to help auto repair shops tackle these problems in a novel way by accessing the data from millions of existing connected cars. Without buying or installing any additional telematics devices, this live vehicle data is then integrated into the shops' existing workflow. Now repair shops can be the first to know when something on a client's car goes wrong and can provide immediate assistance. This new program will level the playing field, allowing workshops to get a better idea of what's going on with a vehicle and to immediately determine parts availability. Entricit streamlines the maintenance and repair process, reduces data entry and increases customer satisfaction and peace of mind.
Auto Career Training (ACT), a leading training provider to the aftermarket parts industry, is on hand to provide training in how to master this new integration.
Barry Hoyland, President of ACT, explained, “Modern vehicles produce and transmit a lot of live data but the independent shops never get access to any of that information. When we heard of Entricit's approach to this problem, we were excited that someone finally figured out how to seamlessly integrate telematics into an aftermarket shop. We are extremely pleased to be able to provide shops with the training necessary to implement the data throughout their shop and to their employees, and to communicate the added value to their clients.”
Randall Guinn, spokesperson for Entricit, added, “We wanted to level the playing field for independent auto repair and defend the rights of consumers. We can connect to 8 million vehicles with the partnerships in place today through a variety of devices which are already on the road, and we expect to announce even more integrations in the near future. If one of these connected cars has a problem, the sensors can pick up the data and send it immediately to the customer's preferred repair shop. From there, the shop can reach out directly and look after their loyal customer, knowing what may be wrong with the car before they make the call. This prompt interaction creates trust and saves consumers from more expensive repairs in the future. Independent shops & their customers will now be at the cutting edge of the connected car revolution.”
Mitchell1 is one of the first management software providers to integrate Entricit's new system. Ben Johnson, Director of Product Management, said, “The Entricit vision aligned perfectly with our goal of better connecting our customers to their customers. As the market leader in shop management system software, our integration with Entricit allows our shops to be first to have access to this data. We are excited that Mitchell1 customers now have more powerful tools to look after their customers and compete fairly with dealerships. We are proud of that joint achievement.”
Randy Buller, President of Parts Authority, a leading warehouse distributor, says “As a parts distributor, having access to live vehicle data for so many makes and models allows us to service our customers better than ever. We know what makes and models are breaking down, when, and why. Entricit will give our workshop customers a powerful tool for attracting, retaining and better servicing their clients.”
About Entricit:
Entricit is the world's leading supplier of real time vehicle generated data & prognostics to the auto repair & maintenance industry, from millions of connected cars on the road. Their live data reporting system accesses systems already installed on 8 million vehicles to empower consumers to connect to their local auto repair shop to send live data on engine and vehicle problems, creating more seamless solutions for repair shops that integrate the Entricit system.
For more information, please visit: https://www.entricit.com/
Contact:
Randall Guinn
Company: Entricit
Address: 7545 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, CA 92618
Phone: 818 648 2267
Email: info@entricit.com
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam Pause
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
LAKE PLACID, N.Y. (AP) — U.S. Olympic bobsledder Nate Weber will never forget the sound.
They were going through a brutal outdoor summertime workout last year and was starting a series of outdoor sprints, when an extremely loud noise got their attention. Then came another noise, louder than the first. And another, louder yet again.
"My heart started racing," Weber said. "And then I realized, I might want to run pretty fast right now."
This was no typical workout: It was on an Army base in Afghanistan, the noises were coming from mortars getting shot down only a few yards from where they were standing, and Weber wound up getting hit in the arms and face by small pieces of red-hot debris falling from the sky.
Advertisement
They aren't seriously injured. They also finished their sprints.
At the Olympics, Weber will be representing red, white, blue and green. He's a Sergeant First Class in the U.S. Army, and a green beret. And he's one of seven Army soldiers who will be sliding for the U.S. at the Pyeongchang Games that start next week, wearing the American flag in a foreign land — with the same level of pride that the 10th Special Forces member has during their three deployments abroad.
"It's a different kind of adrenalin," Weber said. "The stakes are a little bit higher if I'm with my special forces group, but the atmosphere is very similar in that you're a team and that you're there for the guy on your left and right. That transition is really easy to make."
He's not alone. Besides the seven American soldiers competing on the track at the Alpensia Sliding Center in Pyeongchang — Weber is joined by fellow bobsledders Justin Olsen, Chris Fogt, and Nick Cunningham. USA Luge's Olympic roster includes Army Sergeants Emily Sweeney, Taylor Morris and Matt Mortensen — but several coaches on the U.S. side have military backgrounds as well.
Some are part of the Army's World Class Athlete Program, which was formed in 1997 and has been represented on most U.S. Olympic teams since.
"It's a really special thing," Sweeney said. "We're really excited to represent the military and our sport and our country all at once, especially at the Olympics, such a big stage. I'm really excited to see what we can do. It's a community within a community, where we have a lot of support for each other."
Weber will be returning to their special forces unit about a week after the Olympics to get caught up on their real work. This could be the final Olympics for Fogt, whose military responsibilities are likely to be increasing soon since a promotion is likely. Sweeney said their push toward really getting physically and mentally ready for this four-year Olympic cycle came when they had to report for their scheduled duty not long after missing the 2014 Sochi Games.
For whatever reason, soldiers make great sliders.
"It's about the teamwork that's required," Fogt said. "In the Army, you have to be part of a team from your very first day of basic training. On top of that, we've been through worse situations. When you're bobsledding and it's minus-20 degrees on the hill and it's snowin' and blowin', you remember you've been on the field without meals in this kind of weather, hanging out in a foxhole. So that mental toughness helps us a lot."
Cunningham was a slider before they were a soldier. After hearing about the Army WCAP program from teammates and seeing the level of support those sliders were getting from the military, they signed up after competing in the 2010 Olympics. Through the GI Bill, they got their master's degree in sports administration as they pursue life after sliding.
"We talk about the team behind the team," Cunningham said. "They really are the team behind the team."
All seven of the U.S. sliding soldiers know how to win, too.
Olsen is an Olympic gold medalist, having been part of the four-man bobsled that was driven to victory at the 2010 Vancouver Games by the late Steven Holcomb — who also served in the military. Fogt won a bronze with Holcomb at the 2014 Sochi Games. Cunningham, Weber, Sweeney, Morris and Mortensen all won medals on the World Cup circuit this season.
Getting to the Olympics is obviously a big deal for all 242 members of the U.S. team that's headed to Pyeongchang. With the soldiers, the extra significance is also clear.
"For me, getting named to the team wasn't the goal," Weber said. "The goal was to go over there and win some medals."
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Wednesday:
1. WHICH NOMINATION IS IN PERIL
Details emerge over VA nominee Ronny Jackson's alleged misconduct, ranging from repeated drunkenness to a toxic work environment, as they served as a top White House doctor.
1. POLICE ASSESS CHILLING FACEBOOK POST
Advertisement
The message, posted by the suspect in the deadly van attack in Toronto, raises the possibility that they may have nursed grudges against women.
3. WHO'S PUTTING TRUMP ON NOTICE
Iran's top diplomat tells the AP that if the U.S. pulls out of the landmark 2015 nuclear deal, Iran "mostly likely" would abandon it, too.
4. SUSPECTED GUNMAN HAD TROUBLED PAST
Travis Reinking's erratic behavior began years before police say they showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant in Tennessee and killed four people.
5. HOW MACRON'S US TRIP IS PLAYING OUT
Trump and the French president profess a sunny relationship, even as the two allies strain to bridge differences over the Iran nuclear agreement, Syria and more.
6. PRESIDENT'S HARSH RHETORIC FADES
Trump once derided Kim Jong-un as "Little Rocket Man." Now they say the North Korean dictator has been "very open" and "very honorable."
7. COSBY LAWYERS MAKE CLOSING ARGUMENTS
The comedian's defense team urges a jury to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they say are based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
8. NEW FRONTIER IN CONVENIENCE
In its latest perk, Amazon begins offering free delivery to a customer's parked car.
9. COMEY BOOK FINDS EAGER AUDIENCE
Sales of "A Higher Loyalty," the former FBI chief's memoir, topped 600,000 copies the first week.
10. RAPPER WALKS OUT OF PRISON
Pennsylvania's highest court orders Meek Mill freed while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City's struggles this season have focused huge attention on the position of manager Steve Cotterill.
The 1-0 defeat at Fulham on Saturday kept Blues in the bottom three, still without an away win all season and as the lowest scorers in the Football League.
Genuine concern over their ability to remain in the Championship is mounting.
However, while a massive portion of the negativity is directed at the manager, it's only fair to point out the obvious - the vast majority of the issues Blues are currently experiencing pre-date their arrival.
Birmingham City are currently knee deep in the fallout from 12 months of poor decisions.
Cotterill is having to deal with a problem almost entirely not of their creation, what they must prove is that they can be part of the solution.
When did all this start?
That's the easy bit. The decision to sack Gary Rowett on December 14, last year.
In this anniversary week there will no doubt be huge amounts of comparisons, this piece will restrict itself to a handful of statistics.
At the time Blues were seventh in the table, within touching distance of third from top. They are now third from bottom.
Blues have won just eight league games in that time. Rowett's Derby have 15 victories since March.
It would be wrong to think that everything in the Blues Rowett garden was rosy, the most important relationship at the club - between manager and chief executive - was extremely strained.
The constant rumours linking Rowett with other clubs had a corrosive effect.
But at the time you didn't need the gift of foresight to think a mistake had been made. How Blues would swap the concerns they had then, for the ones they have now.
Twelves months on the struggle to win games with more style - how to get the best out of the creative talents of Che Adams, Greg Stewart and Diego Fabbrini, seem trifling.
However, the ramifications of that decision cannot be underestimated.
It created fractures right through the club, on the playing and non-playing sides, which hamstrung their successor by creating an antagonistic environment.
A lack of unity has remained a consistent theme ever since.
The Zola appointment
If there was a small case to ‘change direction' - which was rightly scoffed at - then the case to appoint Gianfranco Zola was even more questionable.
Set aside their playing career, which Trillion Trophy Asia clearly couldn't, the Italian arrived with a couple of seasons of attractive football at Watford and West Ham on their CV both of which weren't sustained.
Question marks abounded yet an already demanding position was made all the more so as soon as they stepped through the door.
From their very first press conference they became the focal point not only of the scepticism about their appointment but the negativity around the initial decision to sack Rowett.
As they sat there in front of the cameras, alone on a table for five, they were grilled about the circumstances of their arrival.
They were questions that should have been faced by the directors who instead melted into the background citing ‘Gianfranco's moment' as their excuse.
Watchable football
The ill-judged Tweet from Panos Pavlakis after Blues drew 1-1 at home to Newcastle second team in the FA Cup became a stick with which to beat the ex-Chelsea star throughout their tenure.
And we have to be fair to Zola at this point, there were times, even in the first game against Brighton where their team played some attractive stuff.
That tempted the manager to rush through a tactical overhaul, bring in six new players in the January transfer window - and that's when things began to unravel.
Too much too soon meant games ebbed by and defeat by defeat the confidence drained from the players. Confidence in themselves and the belief that they were on the right track.
The fact it took 11 games to win a match, by which time Blues had slipped to 12th and the play-offs disappeared over the horizon turned supporters' bemusement at the management change to turn to anger.
(Image: Marc Reeves)
They had seen a promotion challenge swapped for a relegation battle without explanation.
As the losses mounted, so did the pressure and eventually by the time the insurance policy had failed to pay up - games at Rotherham at home to Burton - what seemed inevitable for a month finally came to pass.
Zola walked, still fronting up and doing their post-Burton press conference their tenure ended as it began, with them doing their best to answer questions better directed to those above him.
Unfortunately by that time the habit of winning close games, had been replaced by losing them and belief had deflated. The players so pugnacious under Rowett looked punch-drunk.
That rock-bottom confidence and fear of adversity is another issue with which the club is still wrestling.
A good decision
With three games of the season to go and the bottom three snapping at their heels Blues needed a charismatic voice to lift the gloom - and reverse the free-fall.
Harry Redknapp was ideally suited. On a consultancy basis.
Redknapp came in, straight away tweaked the nose of local rivals Aston Villa, whom Blues were due to play in their first game, and changed the narrative.
The despondency was burned away by the sheer force of their personality and ‘I've done this standing on my head' confidence.
With Cotterill and Paul Groves as their lieutenants Birmingham had a coaching group with masses of experience of the Championship and one in which they players could believe. The instructions made sense and felt achievable.
The oxygen of Redknapp's poise also filtered through to the supporters who packed out St Andrew's and transformed it into a bear-pit for the visit of Huddersfield.
As it turned out Blues needed two wins in their final two games and somehow - having taken 24 games to win twice - those victories never seemed in doubt as the Terriers were terrorised and Bristol City were beaten on the final day.
It was tempting to believe that the Zola months had been an aberration and that a management dream team had been put together.
Too tempting, too easy and ultimately incorrect.
Landmines which would harm Blues this season, were laid at the end of last.
Summer recruitment
The summer transfer window was always going to be key to turning last season's torment into this season's triumph.
Redknapp spoke about their targets, if the overtures towards Ashley Cole and Robbie Keane were smokescreens, they clearly had a list of players they genuinely wanted to bring in.
Attempts to bring in Afriyie Acquah and/or Ogyeni Onazi were unsuccessful, unluckily in the case of the latter for whom Blues could not obtain a work permit.
Stewart Downing and Tommy Elphick were on the brink of coming but, without explanation deals were never completed.
It appeared as though Redknapp wanted to do their thing, whilst Darren Dein and Xuandong Ren did theirs - and importantly and decisively - controlled the purse-strings.
All the time Jeff Vetere, the man hired in a football directorship role, looked as though they were being bypassed.
As the window ticked by and gaps remained in Blues' squad it became obvious they were going to have to overpay and make increasingly pressurised transfer decisions.
The other factor was trimming the existing squad to a manageable size - and the decisions to allow Ryan Shotton and Clayton Donaldson to leave now look terrible.
To say nothing of the close call Blues had with Maikel Kieftenbeld.
A summer of unprecedented horse-trading has left Blues with a lack of options in central defence, too many at right back, a glut of central midfielders but not the THE one required - and light up top where injuries have been cruel.
Will that be addressed in January?
As things stand Blues are still dependent on a core of players brought in by Lee Clark, a few by Rowett, one by Zola and surprisingly few by Redknapp.
Of the 14 who appeared at Fulham only four came in during the summer.
Pre-season problems
(Image: Tim Easthope)
When Zola was in charge Blues were expecting to spend a couple of weeks in Italy, working on their conditioning and implementing the style for which they were brought in.
However, when Zola walked those plans went with them and there was a period of uncertainty where Blues would go - and with Cotterill no-longer at the club, who would be taking charge of what they did.
In the end Kevin Bond ran many of the sessions in the Austrian village of Stegersbach.
A huge emphasis was placed on being comfortable in possession and building from the very back.
Within a couple of months Blues felt they had to re-address their players' basic fitness.
During their caretaker-ship Lee Carsley pointed out what they felt was behind the sequence of hamstring injuries that hampered Che Adams, Jota and Isaac Vassell.
“It's important that the quickest that you run shouldn't be on a Saturday, you should have hit your top speed at some point during the week so your body is not shocked when you do open up on a Saturday,” they said in September.
The players' fitness has improved, they've dedicated a huge amount of time to doing so, and they are visibly stronger at the end of matches than they were at the start of the season.
Unfortunately, the hamstring issue is still blighting them.
Maxime Lowe, Jason Lowe and Marc Roberts have added their name to that unfortunate list, while Adams has rarely looked right since.
Goals
The biggest issue at the moment is Blues' status as the lowest scorer in the three EFL divisions.
They have scored three in ten since Cotterill arrived, prior to that it was seven in 11 league games under Redknapp and Carsley combined.
Under Zola it was 16 in 22. In the first half of last season, when Rowett was in charge, it was 26 in 21.
There isn't a single issue at play here.
Goals are the culmination of recruitment, fitness, confidence, tactics, on-field relationships, technical ability, to name but a few factors. Blues have been deficient in those for 12 months.
Cotterill's work
In many ways the 53-year-old has tried to tackle many of the problems with which Rowett concerned themselves when they succeeded Clark.
Being tighter at the back, improving fitness and trying to generate a togetherness out of shattering circumstances.
Rowett was quickly rewarded with results, six wins from their first ten games built on picking players in their favoured positions, the clever recruitment of Michael Morrison, the investiture of faith in Andy Shinnie and a budding partnership between Donaldson and wingers David Cotterill and Demarai Gray.
But which situation is the easier?
The Pannu/Yeung/Clark years of wage caps, financial uncertainty and suffocating pressure or the year spent under TTA's well-resourced lack of footballing expertise.
That's a difficult question to answer.
Whichever view you take, it's clear some of the selection decisions which have been made in the last couple of months are relative deckchairs on an ailing Titanic.
What is beyond dispute though, is that Birmingham City are still paying the price for a series of poor strategic decisions since December 14, 2016.
A 50-year-old man appeared before Northampton Magistrates Court today in connection with an attack on a teenage girl in the county.
Richard Day, of Cosgrove Marina, has been charged with the kidnap or false imprisonment of a 13-year-old girl with intent to commit a sexual offence, following an incident at about 1.45pm last Monday on a footbridge crossing the A422 linking Deanshanger and Old Stratford
Day has now also been charged with attempted kidnap, sexual assault and indecent exposure, all relating to offences allegedly committed in November 2016.
Day was remanded in custody to appear before Northampton Crown Court on September 13.
Northamptonshire Police is continuing with its inquiries and anyone with information is asked to contact the force on 101, or call Crimestoppers, in confidence, on 0800 555111.
Rory McIlroy ended an 18-month PGA drought winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill in Florida in spectacular fashion with birdies on five of the last six holes
The Northern Irishman saw off competition from Tiger Woods, Bryson DeChambeau, Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson
McIlroy shot 64, eight under par, finishing 72 holes on 18-under and beating DeChambeau by three strokes.
After the match McIlroy said they didn't expect the level of play to be so high.
"It's so nice to see everything come together finally," they said. "I wasn't that far away. It takes something to click into place. Something clicked into place with my putting obviously."
The win is the 28-year-old's 14th US PGA Tour triumph, their first since the 2016 Tour Championship.
It suggests that they are in the running to complete a career major Grand Slam by winning the Masters in three weeks.
McIlroy had not won since the day Palmer died in 2016 but ended their drought on the course where Palmer used to greet winners as they left the 18th green.
Tiger Woods, making their second comeback bid after four back operations, was chasing their first victory since 2013.
The 14-time major champion, mired in the longest win drought of their career, has shown form in back-to-back weeks to excite fans for their chances at the Masters, which begins 5 April.
Have you ever seen videos from Steve ‘N' Seagulls? This is probably the most popular cover they perform.
If you want to see more, check out their Youtube page. Covers of ‘You Could Be Mine', ‘Sad, but True', and ‘Seek and Destroy'.
Wednesday afternoon, a Kansas couple became parents to five Kansas siblings whose adoption request gained international attention.
Jeff and Toni Whaley of rural Douglas County officially adopted the so-called "Fab Five," ages 3 to 12, a little over a year after they saw a video online about the children.
The Whaleys applied for adoption soon after they saw the video, they said Wednesday, before a story by The Star on the children's hope to stay together went viral on social media.
The siblings are (from youngest to oldest): Olive, Landon, Layla, Preston and Bradley. The Whaleys have no other children, though they've served as foster parents the past several years.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We feel blessed," Jeff Whaley said.
Featured in March 2017 in The Star's weekly "Family Wanted" feature, the siblings' story drew some 7 million online readers and thousands of offers to adopt from as far away as Ireland and New Zealand.
The unprecedented flood of inquiries on the state-contracted Adopt Kansas Kids website crashed the site the day after the children's story published.
The Kansas Department of Children and Family Services, which oversaw the children's placement, strove from the start to keep them together in their home state. They had been living in separate foster homes in central Kansas.
Until Wednesday's court proceeding, the state strictly guarded the siblings' background and even where they were living. Still, the few details about their story seemed to captivate: big brother Bradley was "the music lover"; middle child Layla "is already planning to save sick or injured animals when they grow up"; Layla "loves to be cuddled."
State officials later said interest in the Fab Five helped draw families to other children in need of adoption.
Johnson County District Judge Kathleen Sloan presided over the adoption ceremony. Earlier this year, Sloan legalized the adoption of four siblings, ages 11 to 17, to Eric and Phyllis Watson of Gardner.
"There is nothing better than an adoption, in part because you came into this courtroom happy and I get to let you leave happy," Sloan said.
Judge Kathleen Sloan made all 5 adoptions official this afternoon. Bradley, Preston, Layla, Landon and Olive found their forever home with parents Jeff and Toni, of Douglas County pic.twitter.com/Aew8U04JYY — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018 Jeff and Toni told @KCStar before the adoption ceremony that the Fab 5 asked to join their family from on a book of possible homes. “They have a voice in the process ... We feel very blessed,” Jeff said. pic.twitter.com/FJiVTEsT0S — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018 The 5 have lived with Jeff and Toni since the beginning of the school year. Jeff: “They are very happy. They've been through some pain, but they've adjusted well to having some positive role models (in our family).” pic.twitter.com/4KfftUIVNk — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018
Kansas City lawyer Gene Balloun provided pro-bono assistance to the Whaleys, as they have done for more than 1,000 other local adoption cases. Their law firm, Shook Hardy & Bacon, administers the state-funded Kansas Foster Children Adoption and Scholarship Program, which provides college tuition grants to persons once in the foster-care system.
"When these five children reach college age, they'll qualify for the help," said Balloun, themselves a foster parent to 29 children going back decades.
The five siblings have lived with the Whaleys since the beginning of the school year.
“They are very happy," Jeff Whaley said. "They've been through some pain, but they've adjusted well to having some positive role models (in our family).”
Nine-year-old Layla, the chattiest one, said: "It was really, really important that we stay together."
After the proceeding, they praised Judge Sloan.
"That was amazing," they said. "The judge was so nice."
ZSL Whipsnade Zoo has finished restoration work on the Whipsnade White Lion, a famous chalk image that has overlooked the Dunstable Downs in Bedfordshire since 1933.
CLICK THE LINK ABOVE OR THE ICON IN THE MAIN IMAGE TO VIEW A PICTURE GALLERY OF THE CHALK LION RESORATION
No Caption ABCDE PNL-180319-113333001
Following the donation of more than 800 tonnes – or 50 lorry loads – of chalk, the Zoo was able to start resurfacing the iconic landmark in September 2017. Winter weather and a steep incline made the restoration work challenging, but the final load of chalk was carefully smoothed out over the lion's mane today (Tuesday 20 March).
General manager of ZSL Whipsnade Zoo, Owen Craft said: “We are delighted to have restored this iconic landmark to its original glory. ZSL Whipsnade Zoo is incredibly proud of the Whipsnade White Lion, which has stood proudly overlooking the Dunstable Downs since 1933.
“As a site of Special Scientific Interest, the Whipsnade White Lion and the area around it are cared for by the Zoo all year round, using environmentally-friendly products to protect the native plants and animals. This new coating of chalk has made a huge difference to the eye-catching brilliance of the landmark and I can't wait for all our Easter visitors, as well as our wonderful, local communities, to see it looking so great, as they drive towards the Zoo.”
The Whipsnade White Lion was designed by R.B. Brook-Greaves, and work began to create it in November 1931. By the following April, the rough outline of the 147 metre-long lion was visible on the side of the Dunstable Downs. Ivinghoe Beacon was often used as a vantage point to check the accuracy of the outline. Almost two acres of land had to be cleared to reveal the chalk, and the lion was finally finished in the spring of 1933. During the Second World War, the lion was covered to prevent it from being used by enemy aircraft as a navigation point. In May 1981, as part of ZSL Whipsnade Zoo's 50th anniversary celebrations, the lion was illuminated using 750 lightbulbs.
Owen Craft continued: “This Easter, our family activities at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo centre around celebrating animal superpowers, and what could be a greater symbol of that than a 147 metre-long super-lion!”
Superpowers at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo runs every day from Friday 30 March to Sunday 15 April 2018.
Charges have been laid against a Timaru lumberyard in which a toddler died when a log fell on them last year.
Felyx Hatherley died at Point Lumber in Washdyke after a log rolled on them in March 2016.
A Worksafe spokesperson confirmed two charges have been laid against the lumberyard, and a court appearance is scheduled for February 21.
Fairfax reported the charges were laid under Section 6 (Employers to ensure safety of employees) and 15 (Duties of employers to people who are not employees) of the Health and Safety in Employment Act 1992. There is a maximum fine of $250,000.
Felyx's parents, Chadae Preston and Paul Hatherley, told Fairfax the lumberyard was Hatherley's former workplace, and they had not wanted charges to be laid.
They said they were "gutted" about the charges.
Preston told Fairfax Felyx had been climbing on the logs when they fell on him.
They said they had taken Felyx to visit their dad at work when the accident happened.
"He climbed up, and I told them to get down before they fell, so they climbed back down again," they told Fairfax.
"Then they turned around and climbed up one, and that just sent them all tumbling down."
Preston described how they and Hatherley desperately tried to rush their son to the hospital, but they were pronounced dead a short time later.
No criminal charges were laid by police.
- NZ Herald
NEW DELHI (AP) — Iraqi authorities have found the bodies of 39 Indian workers who were abducted by militants from the Mosul area three years ago, India's foreign minister said Tuesday.
The abducted workers, mostly from northern India, had been employed by a construction company near Mosul when militants overran the Iraqi city and seized wide swaths of territory. Relatives said they received phone calls from some of the workers five days after Mosul was captured in 2015 saying they needed help.
Around 10,000 Indians worked and lived in Iraq at that time
Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told lawmakers in Parliament on Tuesday that the bodies were recently found buried in a mound of earth near Badush, a village northwest of Mosul that Iraqi forces had taken back from the Islamic State group last July.
Advertisement
Search operations led to a mound in Badush where local residents said bodies had been buried by the Islamic State group, Swaraj said.
Iraqi authorities used radar to establish that the mound was a mass grave, they said, and exhumed the bodies. Indian authorities then sent DNA samples of relatives of the missing workers.
Swaraj said Iraqi authorities informed the Indian government on Monday that DNA tests confirmed that 38 of them were the kidnapped workers. The DNA test for the remaining body has yet to be fully confirmed.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
MIAMI - A man accused of killing a father and son in a hit-and-run crash last month appeared in court Monday, failing to convince a judge to lower their $600,000 bail.
Earl Lewis, 32, faces multiple charges, including leaving the scene of a fatal crash, driving without a license and grand theft auto.
Jose Cepeda, 57, and Cesar Cepeda, 34, were attending to a disabled vehicle on the side of the Dolphin Expressway Feb. 9 when they were struck and killed by a passing car driven by Lewis, the Florida Highway Patrol said. Troopers said Lewis then fled the scene in Jose Cepeda's SUV. It was later found abandoned in Homestead.
Before the hit-and-run crash, Cesar Cepeda had been involved in an accident and called their father and authorities for help. Jose Cepeda arrived within minutes to help their son.
Federal marshals arrested Lewis early Sunday. Authorities said Lewis complained to them when they were arrested that they should have fled to Jamaica.
On Wednesday, Mindy Glazer cited Lewis' flight risk as a reason to keep the bond at $600,000.
“How can I make that?" Lewis asked repeatedly after the bail was set.
Glazer replied: "Well you have a chance to make that. The victims don't.”
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
SAN DIEGO (AP) — A sailor was arrested in Illinois on Tuesday on charges they stole 20 hand grenades from a San Diego-based Navy destroyer, authorities said.
Gunner's Mate 2nd Class Aaron Booker, 31, of Waukegan, Illinois, was taken into custody in Great Lakes by U.S. Navy criminal investigators and was expected to be returned to California. It was unclear whether they had an attorney.
Booker stole the concussion grenades — each of which contained about a half-pound (226 grams) of TNT — while they were assigned to the Weapons Department aboard the USS Pinckney, prosecutors said. Booker's job was to check the temperature of the secured locker where the grenades were kept.
The grenades were discovered missing from their storage crates in February 2017. They left the ship about a week later to drive to their new duty station in Great Lakes.
Advertisement
About two months later, a black military backpack containing 18 grenades was found leaning on a guardrail on the side of Interstate 15 in northwest Arizona, officials said. The words "GM2 BOOKER" were written on a tag inside the backpack, prosecutors said.
Booker told investigators that they had driven that road but said the backpack had been stolen from them and denied taking the grenades, according to a criminal complaint. Authorities continue to search for the two missing grenades, which Booker indicated to investigators might have wound up in Mexico, the complaint said.
It was unclear why the grenades were stolen or what the thief intended to do with them.
"A backpack full of grenades on the side of the road is obviously extremely dangerous and could have had resulted in injuries or death," U.S. Attorney Adam L. Braverman said in a statement. "The theft of explosives is a very serious offense, particularly if it is carried out by an insider with access to military weapons and secrets."
If convicted of possessing stolen explosives, Booker could face up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Stars play-by-play man Dave Strader has been out this season battling cholangiocarcinoma, a fairly rare and aggressive form of cancer, but they will return to call five home games coming up, the Stars announced Tuesday.
Strader will call games against Tampa Bay, Arizona, Boston, Pittsburgh and the Islanders, with Daryl Reaugh moving back into the analyst seat. Craig Ludwig will return to the studio show for these games.
Schedule of games Strader will call
Dallas vs. Tampa Bay | Saturday, Feb. 18
Dallas vs. Arizona | Friday, Feb. 24
Dallas vs. Boston | Sunday, Feb. 26 (Radio only)
Dallas vs. Pittsburgh | Tuesday, Feb. 28
Dallas vs. New York Islanders | Thursday, March 2
Twitter: @MikeHeika
Europe's only event technology show, Event Tech Live (ETL), will be scaled up to two days when it returns to the Old Truman Brewery in November for its fifth edition.
The decision to expand the show is a product of year-on-year growth, on all fronts, coupled with a comprehensive call for more. There were 100 exhibitors at Event Tech Live in 2017 and over 50 sessions across five stages, which brought in a record 1,600 visitors.
All the show's major sponsors and partners, involved to a greater and greater extent since its inception, have been quick to commit to the new model ETL.
The sessions across this year's five stages are being scrupulously programmed so attendees can see everything they want to and learn something new on either or both days.
Event Tech Live Co-Founder, Adam Parry, comments: “Visitors want to stay longer, see and do more, exhibitors need more time in that environment and we are delighted to introduce a second day.
“We haven't ever fallen into the PR trap of concentrating on quantity, or brute headline numbers, it's always been about delivering quality – whether that's visitors, exhibitors or content.”
CEO of D2i Matt Blain comments: “Demand for a second day is a testament to the organisers‘ perception and commitment. Event Tech Live is one of a kind, top content and top people. We're delighted to continue our support.”
Event Tech Live returns to the Old Truman Brewery, East London on Wednesday 7th and Thursday 8th of November with sister event The Event Technology Awards bridging the two on the evening of the 7th.
Details about the event, in terms of exhibitors, sponsors, content across the five stages, and timings will be published over the coming months. Subscribe to updates here
About Event Tech Live
Event Tech Live 2018 is free to attend and will take place on Wednesday 7th & Thursday 8th November 2017 at The Old Truman Brewery, London.
The multi-strand conference and exhibition is Europe's only show dedicated to event technology. Event professionals have access to over 50 educational sessions, 100 exhibitors and 1499 industry peers.
If you're interested in exhibiting or would like to become a sponsor please contact Adam Parry via hello@eventtechlive.com
CONTACT:
Paul Allott
Company: AMP Events
Address: 4 Glasby Square, Retford, DN22 6EP, United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0)1777 80 21 20
Email: hello@eventtechlive.com
Website: http://www.eventtechlive.com/
PENSACOLA, Fla. (WKRG) — Katherine Lockler, or Kat as she's known to their patients, is an energetic nurse and mother of four who found themselves in their car recording a Facebook video after a 12-hour night shift.
“Wash your stinkin' hands so you don't get all your babies sick,” they said in the video.
Lockler spoke to WISH-TV's sister station WKRG Thursday nearly a week after they made the post. In the video posted to their page, they also tell of an entire sports team who showed up to the ER when one player got sick. They say that not only exposed the other players, but everyone they come into contact with.
“I was frustrated and wanted to share my thoughts and my thoughts weren't out of anger but frustration that people will get the flu unnecessarily,” they said.
The video has gone viral which is something they prefer much more than a viral infection.
The nurse from Milton in Santa Rosa County has received hundreds of messages from around the world and she's still shocked as the number climbs.
“I just giggle,” they said. “I go and smack my husband on the shoulder and go ‘Look, look, can you believe this?”
Lockler said a major issue has been patients going into the emergency room for something they could've gone to a clinic for. By going to the hospital, they're exposing themselves to the flu. In part of the video, they say “there is a cesspool of funky flu at the ER right now. Please don't bring your team in. Please don't bring your healthy children in especially your newborn babies into the emergency room. And if you don't have what I would call a true emergency, this would not be the time to come to the emergency room.”
“Watch this. I'm going to teach you a magic trick. It's amazing,” they said as they then pretends to sneeze into their arm.
While they did it with a little bit of humor, Lockler said she's happy just to educate others on how easily the flu can spread especially in hospitals.
The nurse says some people didn't like their tone but they wouldn't do it any differently.
“I might've offended people but it went viral and good information, maybe because of the way I said it, has gotten to people who might not have gotten it.”
She's talking about getting T-shirts made that say “Wash your stinkin' hands!” which now seems to be Kat's catchphrase.
Them common sense advice is resonating with people across the country. Them post has been shared nearly 60,000 times and the video views are over 3 million.
For those looking for a career as real estate agents in Dallas, Texas, Ambiance Realty offers the best opportunity. In addition to being the best opportunity to learn, this company provides the best support and wide range of facilities to the individual estate agents functioning for them. In addition to assuring 100% commission for their agents, the company comforts the candidates looking for the Dallas Real Estate Careers with the facilities like:
Online transaction manager:
The online transaction manager offered to their agents is really simple to use. This is an excellent feature offered to the agents to go paperless in their transactions. Further, this tool will guide them right from the beginning to the end of the transaction. In addition, it will ensure that the agent fills out just the right forms and they will not have to face the hassle of hand-written CDA Requests with this useful feature.
Unlimited single property websites:
Ambiance Realty that assures 100 commission real estate Dallas also provide the agents with websites that will help them to show off the properties in their listing. They can make themselves unique from the others and can tell their clients that they can make a website, especially for their project. Further, the listings are shown on YouTube, Google Base, Zillow, Trulia and Craigslist to make sure that the agent can easily attract leads.
Personal website with MLS/DLX:
For those looking for Frisco Real Estate Careers, they can get the best opportunity with Ambience Realty. The reason is that the agents will get a personal website with contents that are automatically updated for them. Further, they get MLS search functionality along with a client portal.
There are many other attractive features offered to the estate agents at Ambience Realty.
About Ambience Realty:
The mission of Ambience Realty is to educate, to inspire and to empower their clients and also their agents to arrive at important decisions in their lives. The company was established in 2006.
For more information, aspiring candidates can visit http://ambiance.re/dallas-broker-sponsorship-careers/
Media Contact:
Tracie J. McDaniel
Company: Ambience Realty
Address: Houston, TX
Phone: 832-261-7475
Email: TracieJMcDaniel@armyspy.com
Despite already having the best defensive lineman in the NFL in Aaron Donald, the Los Angeles Rams are looking to add a former holder of that title in free agency. Ndamukong Suh came free when the Dolphins released them for salary cap reasons, making them the top defender on the market.
It was reported late Sunday night that Suh is going to visit the Rams this week, showing there's a mutual interest between the two sides. It's a somewhat unexpected move considering the Rams have just about $25 million in cap space to work with, excluding the massive extension Donald is bound to get.
Related Former Dolphins DT Ndamukong Suh to visit Rams this week
There's no denying Suh would make the Rams' defense significantly better. They were the fifth-best interior defender in the NFL last season, according to Pro Football Focus, earning a grade of 91.0 – second-best of their career. Since 2012, they haven't had an overall grade below 86.1, proving to be one of the most consistent defensive linemen in football.
Sure, their sack totals have decreased in each of the past four seasons, but that doesn't tell the whole story. He's still a top-tier defender and is still just 31 years old.
But how would they fit in the Rams' defense, if Les Snead were to reel in this big fish of a free agent? Not perfectly, per se.
Their entire career, Suh has played in a 4-3 defense, lining up between over the guard's outside shoulder as a one-gap defensive tackle. He's dominated from that position throughout their career, not only as a run defender, but also as a pass rusher.
Here's a prime example of that, pulling the guard to the ground before stuffing the ball carrier.
Suh can win in multiple ways as a pass rusher, too. They obviously have the power and explosiveness to bull rush guards to get to the quarterback, but they also have the foot agility to cross the face of linemen to get to the edge.
They did exactly that on this stunt against the Raiders, getting outside the tackle in a hurry before shooting upfield to knock the ball out of Derek Carr's hands. That diving strip-sack isn't something 305-pound men are supposed to be able to do.
The Dolphins primarily kept them in one spot as the 3-technique, but they have the agility and pass-rush moves to line up as a 5-technique over the tackle. That's where Donald typically plays, obviously having a great deal of success at that spot.
This isn't a perfect example, but even as a right end, Suh has the explosiveness and speed to get to the quarterback in the blink of an eye.
This begs the question of where Suh would play in Phillips' 3-4 defense, considering he's never played in that scheme before. While they would certainly be one of the smaller nose tackles in the NFL, Suh could probably make it work between Donald and Michael Brockers.
It wouldn't be an ideal fit because they don't have the bulk of traditional 3-4 nose tackles, but he's able to get penetration and move upfield in a hurry, which is king in the NFL.
The more likely spot for Suh is outside at defensive end, opposite Donald. That would kick Brockers back inside, which is where they started the 2017 season, making Donald and Suh Los Angeles' bookends.
The most valuable piece of Suh's game would be their versatility up front. Phillips would be able to move them from defensive end to nose tackle, left to right, inside outside. Essentially, Suh would be able to line up anywhere in the 3-4 front and have success.
Back in 2015, former NFL linebacker Bart Scott said Suh would be “virtually unstoppable” as a 3-4 defensive end.
“Because I think Suh in a 3-4 would be so dynamic, right? Because now you can't double him, now you can move them around like people do with J.J Watt, Muhammad Wilkerson, all these types of guys. But when you put them there and they know exactly where he's gonna line up, it's easy to just take them away.”
Watt plays that position at 6-foot-5, 290 pounds. Wilkerson does the same at 6-4, 315 pounds – virtually the same size as Suh. There's no doubting Suh could do it, it's just a matter of how seamless the transition would be. Donald made the switch in less than one season, though they certainly are better as they gained experience at that spot throughout the year.
If the Rams do ultimately take the plunge on Suh – contract concerns aside – they'd be building one of the best defensive lines in football. It would help to cover one of their biggest holes at inside linebacker, allowing them to spend fewer assets on that position in free agency and the draft.
It's a risk given Suh's potentially huge contract demands and brash personality, but the Rams haven't shied away from adding players with character questions. They're simply going all in on 2018.
The 7th annual Big Island Chocolate Festival gala will take place on Saturday, April 28, at Hapuna Beach Resort on Hawai‘i island.
Guests at the event will indulge in both savory and sweet creations prepared by top chefs and chocolatiers, plus unlimited wine and beer pours. The event will also feature a tasty mole and salad bar, chocolate body painting and specialty cocktails by Tattoo Tequila and Southern Glazer's Wine & Spirits.
Proceeds from the event will benefit University of Hawai‘i Maui College's Culinary Arts Program, Hawai‘i Institute of Pacific Agriculture, Waimea Country School, and founding event organizations Kona Pacific Public Charter School and Kona Dance & Performing Arts.
The evening's theme is “Chocolate Around the World” and culinary stations will be judged on their depiction of the mood, plus a host of “best” culinary categories: savory, plated dessert, bonbon, bean-to-bar, cacao and People's Choice for Best Savory and Best Sweet. Prizes will be awarded at the gala, plus winners will be announced for the event's Friday college culinary competition.
In addition to the Hapuna Beach Resort, culinary participants to date include Cafe Pesto, The Fairmont Orchid, Four Seasons Resort Hualalai, Guittard Chocolate Company, Hilo Sharks Chocolate, Hilton Waikoloa Village, Hilton Hawaiian Village, Madre Chocolate, Mauna Kea Beach Hotel, Original Hawaiian Chocolate Factory, Prova, Sun Dried Specialties, Sundog Bread, Waialua Estate Coffee & Chocolate, culinary students from five Big Isle high schools and the Cocoa Outlet with its signature, four-foot-tall chocolate fountain.
A trio of celebrity chefs will present three creative chocolate demonstrations during the day on Saturday, April 28. The chefs are Alicia Boada of Cacao Barry, one of few individuals accredited as an executive pastry chef, culinary administrator and culinary educator by the American Culinary Federation; Stéphane Tréand, MOF of The Pastry School; and Donald Wressell, executive pastry chef of Guittard Chocolate Company.
General admission tickets to the gala are $85 presale, $100 at the door. Also available is the Saturday I LOVE Chocolate! all-day pass for three daytime culinary demos and the evening gala priced at $145.
ADVERTISEMENT
Find gala, daytime seminars, and room/event packages here.
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — The Frankfurt zoo is showing off its first lion cubs in 15 years.
The mother, Zarina, gave birth to triplets April 14, and kept a close eye on their offspring as they took their first steps in the zoo's lion enclosure on Wednesday.
The father, 12-year-old Kumar, is being kept apart from 6-year-old Zarina and the cubs until zookeepers are sure that the mother will tolerate their presence. The Asian lion cubs haven't yet been named, and keepers believe — but aren't yet sure — that two of them are male.
From Michelle Barber, Interim LGBT Coordinator
In response to Martin Cothran's Letter to the Editor concerning transgender students and “bathroom bills,” I would like to offer a few points intended for Cothran as well as Murray State students.
First, there are already transgender people using the restrooms of their intended gender. Research shows that 0.6 percent of the population identifies as transgender* and these folks study and work alongside cisgender people every day.
If any government passes a law preventing individuals from using the bathroom of their gender, their politics are likely based on thinking they don't know any transgender people. To legislate the bathroom would, for example, force transgender women – many who fully present as women, by the way – to use men's restrooms and vice versa. This would create more confusion than it seems Cothran and conservatives realize.
But to Murray State students, I will say this:
Martin Cothran does not, as far as my research shows, live in Murray, nor is they a member of our community.
Our community has 430+ faculty, staff, and students in the Safe Zone Program. More than 700 people participated in the March for Social Justice and Equality in January. Murray State has the President's Commission on Diversity and Inclusion and the city of Murray has a Human Rights Commission.
And lastly, the Murray State LGBT Programming Office is here for you. We are located in Blackburn 243. We are open Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
And you are welcome here.
*Flores, A.R., Herman, J.L., Gates, G.J., & Brown, T.N.T. (2016). How Many Adults Identify as Transgender in the United States? Los Angeles, CA: The Williams Institute.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
One of Aughinish Alumnia's main suppliers has warned that the Co Limerick plant still remains under threat from US sanctions against Russia despite signals from Washington this week that it was willing to ease the sanctions because of their likely impact on Europe's aluminum industry.
The supplier, which wished to remain anonymous, said the US treasury's decision to give customers of Russia's biggest aluminum producer, Rusal, which owns Aughinish Alumnia, more time to comply with sanctions, was only a temporary reprieve for the Irish plant, which employs more than 450 staff at its base near Askeaton.
A spokesperson said the US move essentially just kicked the can down the road for another few months.
The US this week extended its deadline for customers to wind down trading with Rusal or face sanctions until October instead of June. Washington said it would consider lifting the sanctions altogether if Rusal's main shareholder, Russian tycoon Oleg Deripaska, ceded control of the group.
‘Malign activity'
The US government has targeted seven Russian oligarchs, including Mr Deripaska, who is considered close to Russian president Vladimir Putin, and 17 Russian government officials with sanctions for what it called “malign activity” around the world.
“Rusal has felt the impact of US sanctions because of its entanglement with Oleg Deripaska, but the US government is not targeting the hardworking people who depend on Rusal and its subsidiaries,” US treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin said.
Aughinish Alumnia turns bauxite into alumina, the raw material for making aluminum which which is then shipped to plants across Europe via a deepwater terminal on the Shannon estuary.
Conciliatory approach
Fianna Fáil's foreign affairs and trade spokesperson Niall Collins cautiously welcomed the more conciliatory approach taken by the US.
“This allows the local management the time and space to engage with their suppliers whilst simultaneously offering an opportunity to Rusal's owner Mr Deripaska, whom the US sanctions are aimed at, to step away from ownership of the Company in a structured manner,” they said.
“It's of the utmost importance that the Irish Government keeps in constant contact with the US government both directly and through other diplomatic channels, to ensure that no job losses occur as a result of these sanctions,” they added.
A teenage beauty queen from Kettering organised a glamorous gala dinner, raising money for charity.
Kettering Science Academy pupil Bethany Blissett, 15, who is Miss Teen Galaxy Northampton, held the event at the Masonic Hall in Kettering on January 27.
The event was attended by 120 people and raised £2,407.75 for UK Galaxy's chosen charity the Christie Cancer charity, which will go to a Proton Beam Therapy Centre which is due to open this year.
Proud mum Sarah said: “As part of their Miss Galaxy work Bethany works in the community and decided to hold a glamorous gala.
“She had a little bit of help from me but they did most of the organising and there was a dinner, live band and raffle.
“The money is going to a great NHS cause in Manchester and will really help out.
“Bethany and all of the pageant girls support each other so much.
“A lot of people think it's all about beauty but it's more than that, it's fundraising and community.”
After winning the regional heat Bethany will now represent the county at Miss Teen Galaxy England on March 24 in Warrington.
If they win, they will go on to the international finals in Florida.
Sarah added: “I'm really proud of what she's achieved.
“She has always done a lot for charity and to be recognised in the competition and their school is amazing.”
To vote for Bethany, scroll through this picture album on Facebook and ‘like' the photo called Bethany B.
For your vote to count, you must also ‘like' the United Kingdom Galaxy Pageants page.
On June 15, Phil Winther's contributions to the La Porte City community will be formally recognized when they are presented with the 2017 Jesse Wasson Award.
Established in 1980, the Jesse Wasson Award was created to honor members of the community who have distinguished themselves as caring, committed citizens who are dedicated to community betterment. The award is named after the City's founder, Dr. Jesse Wasson, who served the community in a variety of roles, including physician, Justice of the Peace, Postmaster, newspaper publisher and mayor.
Phil began their career in education with La Porte City Community Schools in 1969, prior to the district's merger with Dysart in 1989. As a guidance counselor, they first worked with students at the elementary and junior high school levels before becoming the Counselor at Union High School. The Dollars for Scholars was first established through Phil's office, with other committee members Kathy Lee, LeAnn Craft, and Mark Monroe.
In addition to their teaching duties, Phil coached baseball and basketball. In the early 1970s, they were instrumental in helping create the girls basketball program in La Porte City, serving as the new program's first coach. Phil also coached La Porte City High School baseball for several years, and took the team to State in 1974. They eventually worked as a referee throughout the northeast portion of the state.
As a present and longtime member of St. Paul's United Methodist Church, Phil served in many areas of the church. They also taught the high school Sunday School class for over 10 years.
In addition to their work in schools and church, Phil also operated a real estate business, advocating on behalf of the community while selling houses to the families that would call La Porte City home.
As a business owner and community volunteer, Phil's contributions to La Porte City have impacted the city in many other ways. It was their passion for athletics that inspired a new business featuring athletic gear such as t-shirts, sweatshirts and shoes. What began as a shop called “Sportabout” eventually became the Gregg's Sporting Goods store that remains a fixture at the corner of Commercial and Main in downtown La Porte City.
Phil also served as a Trustee for the La Porte City library during an exciting time in the library's history, helping plan and construct Hawkins Memorial Library, a new facility that has served Main Street patrons for more than 30 years.
They also served was a member of the La Porte City Fire/Rescue Department for more than 30 years, responding to hundreds of fires and ambulance calls over that time. They also served the department as secretary and treasurer for a time.
The presentation of the Jesse Wasson Award will highlight the kickoff of the Festival of Trails Celebration that begins in the City Park on Thursday, June 15. Heartland Community Church will be sponsoring a Family Fun Night that begins at 5 PM and includes food, games, face painting, inflatables for the kids, a bike parade and Rock Your City, an arts and crafts activity. At 6:45, the Jesse Wasson, Woman of the Year and Business of the Year awards will be presented, followed by a reception where community members may congratulate the honorees. The evening will conclude with music provided by the Heartland Praise Team.
BAGHDAD (AP) " More than 100 Islamic State militants launched a counterattack in Mosul on Wednesday, killing 11 Federal Police and four civilians in clashes that were still underway, Iraqi security officials said.
The wide-scale assault underscored the extremist group's resilience in the city despite months of heavy fighting with Iraqi forces backed by U.S. air power.
The militants first sneaked into the western Dandan neighborhood at dawn from the Tigris River and took over a mosque, where they used loudspeakers to announce the assault and shouted "God is greatest!" before it was bombed from the air, according to an army officer and a police officer.
Then the militants moved to the adjacent neighborhoods of Dawasa and Nabi Sheet, breaking into houses, clashing with security forces and seizing a Humvee and other weapons. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to release information.
Advertisement
IS boasted about the attack in a statement released online.
U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have been battling the extremists in Mosul, the country's second largest city, since October. The militants are now largely confined to a few neighborhoods.
MIAMI (AP) — The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking potentially tens of millions of dollars in damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments the company made to the group.
Trial is scheduled to begin with jury selection Monday in West Palm Beach federal court in lawsuits that accuse Chiquita of violating the Anti-Terrorism Act. Chiquita has admitted paying FARC — a Spanish acronym for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia — about $220,000 but insists it did so only to protect its employees and interests from violence.
One $10,000 payment to the guerrillas was hidden in a spare tire on the back of a Jeep, according to court documents.
The families claim Chiquita's financial support of FARC, as a known terrorist group, means it should be held responsible for the Americans' deaths and pay damages. The families must prove that Chiquita executives knew FARC was engaged in violent terror acts that could affect Americans and that the deaths of their loved ones were foreseeable when the payments were made, said plaintiffs' attorney Gary Osen.
Advertisement
"These are folks who have been through an enormous amount in their lives. They've waited 10 years for their day in court," Osen said.
In a statement issued in January, Switzerland-based Chiquita said its only motivation in paying FARC was protecting its own employees from violence.
"We have been clear that, at all times, the company prioritized the safety of its employees and their families, and acted accordingly," the statement said.
FARC and other paramilitary groups were engaged in a decades-long civil war in Colombia that took thousands of lives. The bloodshed finally ended in 2016 when a peace accord was signed. Chiquita also admitted paying $1.7 million to a right-wing group opposed to FARC, eventually pleading guilty in 2007 to a U.S. crime and paying a $25 million fine.
It was only after that case became public that family members of the six Americans slain by FARC learned that Chiquita had also paid FARC, leading to the lawsuits.
Five of the Americans killed by FARC were members of a missionary group based in Sanford, Florida, called New Tribes Mission: David Mankins, Rich Tenenoff, Mark Rich, Stephen Welsh and Timothy Van Dyke. The sixth, Frank Pescatore Jr., was a geologist for an Alabama company working on a project in Colombia who was shot trying to escape their kidnappers, according to court documents.
Tania Julin of Winter Springs, Florida, was married to Rich the night they were kidnapped on Jan. 31, 1993 in the village of Pucuro, Panama, about 15 miles from the Colombian border. They said armed men burst into their home — where their two young daughters were sleeping — tied Rich up and ordered he, Mankins and Tenenoff to march into the jungle.
They never saw their husband again.
"It was so terrifying. I just never imagined. It was so out of the blue and unexpected. I was only 23 years old, with two little kids," said Julin, who now teaches kindergarten. "I was just terrified of what might happen and so confused about why anyone would do this to us. We were only there to help people."
"I have never been so afraid in all of my life."
Later, FARC demanded a $5 million ransom for the three, but it soon became apparent the men had likely been killed, Julin said. It took years for the families to find out for sure, and they never received any remains.
"The years of not knowing were so difficult. Christmases would go by and the one thing the girls wanted for Christmas was for their dad to come home. It was lots of years of disappointing heartaches and hard to watch to girls grow up without their dad," they said.
Well before their deaths in the 1990s, Chiquita had established about 35 banana farms in the Uraba region of Colombia that employed about 3,000 people. It was well known that FARC was active in the area and routinely used extortion and threats to obtain payments from people and businesses — a practice called "vacuna," which is Spanish for "vaccine."
FARC's initial payment demand from Chiquita came in 1989, when the group sought $10,000. Court papers show Chiquita executives decided to make the payment, the first of 57 it would give to FARC over the next decade.
A consulting company called Control Risks that worked with Chiquita outlined the dire nature of the issue in a memo at the time, court documents show:
"You have to pay. These people are serious. The military is not able to control them," the memo said. "You can't just turn them in, give their names to someone. Because they will take retribution for that, and you can expect violence."
Ultimately, a Chiquita executive traveled to Colombia with $10,000 in cash, exchanged it for Colombian pesos and arranged to deliver the money hidden in the Jeep spare tire to a FARC guerrilla, court documents show.
Despite their insistence the money was paid to protect employees, Chiquita executives at the time discussed it in terms of a cost of doing business — and the company had no intention then of ending its banana operations in Colombia, the documents show.
"We're not going to stop doing business in Colombia because, you know, we're going to have to spend an extra $25,000. That's not realistic. Right?" one executive was quoted as saying.
U.S. District Judge Kenneth Marra, who will preside over the estimated four-week trial, ruled in January that Chiquita cannot use a defense that the payments were made solely under duress.
"There is no evidence of a specific ultimatum or threat from a FARC commander at any time during the nine-year continuum in which it paid money to the FARC," Marra wrote. "Chiquita had reasonable, legal alternatives to maintaining and expanding its fruit operations in Colombia. It could have withdrawn and could have sought government intervention in Colombia or the United States."
Although the lawsuit asks for no specific damages, plaintiffs' attorney Osen says other similar cases have resulted in verdicts in the tens of millions of dollars — in part because any damages awarded are automatically tripled.
"Family members of terror victims suffer uniquely because of the shocking and unexpected nature and the malice and cruelty involved," Osen said.
Julin said after all this time they are anxious but also optimistic now that the case is heading for trial.
"I finally am going to get my day in court," they said. "There's a sense of a little bit of nerves but a sense of some wrongs being made amends for."
_____
Follow Curt Anderson on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Miamicurt
A
Parents can't work outside the home if they can't find a safe place for their babies and young children to stay and learn. But high-quality child care can cost thousands of dollars a year, and that forces many families to calculate whether it's even worthwhile for someone to take a relatively low-paying job if a big chunk of income is going to be eaten up by child care. It's an issue that particularly affects single mothers.
The report , “Boosting Economic Growth in Mississippi through Employment Equity,” was released last week by the Mississippi Low-Income Child Care Initiative and a national group called PolicyLink, which has offices in New York, Washington, and Oakland, California.
“If full employment was achieved across all gender and racial groups, Mississippi's economy could be $2.5 billion stronger each year,” the report says. “Investing in women and in critical support systems for Mississippi's workforce will disrupt Mississippi's current pattern of economic exclusion and place the state on a course to greater prosperity for all.”
Like many reports from interest groups, this one comes with a point of view. This one is from liberal-leaning groups, which means it might not receive deep consideration from many conservative lawmakers who dominate the state House and Senate.
For the past several months, Republican Gov. Phil Bryant has noted that Mississippi is enjoying healthy employment numbers. The state's unemployment rate was 4.6 percent in April. That was only a small increase from 4.5 percent March, which tied for the lowest level since current employment surveys started in 1976. The unemployment rate in April 2017 was 5.3 percent.
The report from the child care initiative and PolicyLink acknowledges that Mississippi is experiencing low unemployment, but it notes that more than 20 percent of Mississippi women live in poverty – the highest rate in the U.S.
“Women of color continue to be overrepresented in low-wage work, and black workers continue to experience higher unemployment rates, even when they have higher educational attainment,” the report says.
It also notes that 40 percent of women of color have low-wage jobs and are considered “working poor,” while 13 percent of white men are in that category.
The report says that “only a small fraction” of working-poor families who are eligible for child care financial assistance are receiving it. It also recommends that Mississippi policymakers take steps to eliminate pay disparities between women and men. It says that black women earn 57 cents and Latina women earn 54 cents for every dollar earned by a white man.
There was a bit of discussion during the 2018 legislative session about addressing the pay gap for men and women, but no legislation passed. House Bill 1241 was originally written to ban local governments from creating their own employment laws, such as setting a higher local minimum wage.
Democratic Rep. Alyce Clarke of Jackson persuaded the House to insert an equal pay requirement. However, there was a dispute over an amendment by another lawmaker, and that delayed a vote on the bill. Several days later, Republican Rep. Mark Baker of Brandon persuaded the House to revise Clarke's equal pay proposal and pass the bill. They said they were trying to help Clarke's cause. The bill eventually died in the Senate.
The report says the state economy would benefit from eliminating the gender pay gap: “If employed women in Mississippi were paid the same as comparable men, their poverty rate would be reduced by half and poverty among employed single mothers would drop by about one-third.”
» Emily Wagster Pettus has covered Mississippi government and politics since 1994. Follow them on Twitter: http://twitter.com/EWagsterPettus .
Interbank co-operative Swift is to launch an instant payment gateway to connect member banks to multiple market operators across Europe.
Set for launch in November 2018, the gateway builds on Swift's experience in developing a national real-time payment system for the Australian market, which is slated for go-live later this year.Christian Sarafidis, chief marketing officer, Swift, comments: “Our instant payments strategy has delivered early successes in Australia and I am confident it will bring significant benefit to our customers globally. Initially, the instant payments gateway will provide access to multiple instant payments operators across Europe, and then the plan is to further expand into other markets.”The service can be used stand-alone, but it can also be integrated with Swift's Alliance Messaging Hub, which enables the processing of financial message flows and integration with back office systems.“Our instant payments gateway is designed to meet the challenges our customers face and forms the cornerstone of our future footprint, in particular enabling access to the forthcoming combined T2/TIPS/T2S platform,” concludes Sarafidis.Banks across Europe are gearing up for a new era of real-time payments as multiple markets prepare to switch over to new instant payments systems. EBA Clearing, which is developing its own pan-European infrastructure platform RT1 for instant payments, today issued a white paper addressing considerations for a successful roll-out and ramp-up of real-time payments across Europe.“At infrastructure level, ease of access is key and an instant payment system needs flexible participation options,” says Erwin Kulk, head of service development and management, EBA Clearing. “System reliability is part of this story too, as are efficient liquidity management mechanisms. Recognising this, we have, for instance, included automated tools and reports in our RT1 solution to make the system as liquidity-efficient as possible."The challenges of introducing instant payment systems will be debated in depth in Dublin next week at EBAday 2017 , the continent's leading payments and transaction banking event organised by Finextra and the Euro Banking Association.Download the full white paper from EBA Clearing:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the shocking moment the ringleader of a drugs gang was caught on CCTV hiding a loaded revolver and 12 rounds of ammunition behind their own children's play house.
Mustafa Ali was captured on camera stashing the deadly weapon in their garden - moments before police raided their Kings Norton home on November 14 last year.
In the footage Ali, 27, can be seen rushing out of the Meadowsweet Avenue property holding a bag and heading for a gate at the end of their garden.
They attempt to conceal the bag behind a Wendy House before darting back into the home they shared with their partner and two young children.
But police raiding the property later uncovered crack cocaine and heroin with a street value of £10,000 - as well as the loaded firearm.
Earlier this month, Ali was jailed for 11 years after an analysis of mobile phones found scattered throughout their address lead police to uncover a gang responsible for flooding the streets of Birmingham with Class A drugs.
Officers discovered another £2,000 of crack cocaine when they raided the nearby home of single mother Christina West, 29, on the same day.
And Charlotte Phelan, 28; Adrian Wattis, 40 and Rachel Smith, 37, were also later arrested for their involvement in the drugs empire.
All five appeared at Birmingham Crown Court on April 10, where they were sentenced for their roles in the operation after pleading guilty at earlier hearings
The court heard the £12,000 seizure was just a ‘snapshot' of the amount of drugs involved - with crack cocaine and heroin being restocked every one-to-two weeks then distributed across the city.
Ringleader Ali - a father-of-two with no previous convictions - recruited debtors Smith and Wattis to act as runners, delivering the drugs to addicts in Birmingham.
While single mums Phelan and West played ‘lesser roles', packaging and storing crack cocaine under Ali's instruction.
Ali was jailed for a total of 11 years after being convicted of possession of a prohibited firearm, two counts of possession of ammunition, conspiracy to supply cocaine and conspiracy to supply heroin.
While Smith and Wattis were jailed for 32 months each after both being convicted of conspiracy to supply heroin and conspiracy to supply cocaine.
West and Phelan were both sentenced to two years imprisonment, suspended for 12 months and ordered to carry out 80 hours unpaid work after being convicted of conspiracy to supply cocaine.
The court heard West had been motivated to act as a packager after their benefits were cancelled when they failed to turn up for an appointment.
And Phelan had been recruited after ‘struggling to make ends meet' when their hours as a carer were reduced.
Prosecuting, Robert Price said: “In police interviews, Mr Ali claimed to have sourced the gun for their own protection and did admit they would have used it if necessary.
“There were group texts sent out each morning to addicts across Birmingham to say ‘the shop was open'.
“Ali hired Phelan and West to package drugs on their behalf, while Smith and Wattis - who both owed them money - were drugs runners.
“They were sent messages with the names and locations of purchasers and instructions on where to take packages.
“All four were in contact with Ali by mobile phone.
“CCTV also captured Phelan and Ali meeting in Bearwood to exchange drugs.
“It is clear Ali played a leading role in the operation, while Wattis and Smith were active street dealers and runners.”
The court heard how Ali was of ‘formerly good character' and had maintained a relationship with their partner - the mother of their two children - while on remand.
Sentencing the gang, Judge Heidi Kubik said: “Police went to Ali's house on November 14 last year. They were observed hiding a bag inside a child's wendy house. That bag was later searched and found to contain a loaded firearm and another 12 rounds of ammunition.
“The firearm had been plainly kept inside the house with young children. Digital scales and class A drugs valued at £10,000 were also found, as well as almost £5,000 in cash and a number of mobile phones.
“It is clear Ali was directing the sale of the drugs on a commercial scale.”
Farman Haider, Pakistani social worker is seen with their awards and Gulf News cutting during an interview at their residence in Abu Dhabi.
Abu Dhabi: Whenever Farman Hyder has to help people who need urgent medical care, they approach their Emirati acquaintances who would put forward only one condition — anonymity. “They don't want others to know that they helped somebody in need. Once they are convinced about the genuineness of the case, this is the only condition they put,” said Hyder, 55, a Pakistani engineer who has been doing social work in the capital for around 30 years.
“When I first heard about Year of Giving, all the good deeds of those selfless people came to my mind. I feel they are the real heroes of the ‘Year of Giving”, although their names will never be known as they don't want it,” they told Gulf News.
Apart from supporting patients, Hyder has been donating their rare O-negative blood frequently to the blood bank, helping repatriate bodies of expatriates to their home countries and supporting the jobless and the destitutes.
Hyder is a well known person in the community in Abu Dhabi and their work has been recognised by Asian embassies and community organisations.
Asked whether the good Samaritans, who support them from behind the scene, deserve more credit during the “Year of Giving”, they said; “Yes. No social worker can help others for so many years without the support of such people. President Their Highness Shaikh Khalifa's [Bin Zayed Al Nahyan's] announcement that the 2017 would be celebrated as “Year of Giving” in the UAE is a tribute to all those good Samaritans.”
Hyder said their mother was the inspiration for them to use a part of their income for charity works. Since Hyder came to Abu Dhabi in 1986, they had been regularly sending money to their parents for expenses back home. During their vacations in Karachi in Pakistan, they heard stories of the needy children whose school fees were paid by their mother. They also helped many people to marry off their daughters.
After their father passed away in 1997, their mother found more time to help the needy in the community.
“She did all those good deeds by the money they saved from their family expenses. They kept doing it until they passed away in 2002,” Hyder said.
The “Year of Giving” has also triggered their memories about a man who introduced them to the social work. When they joined a public sector utility company in Abu Dhabi, they noticed a fellow-Pakistani supervisor, Abdul Rasheed from Lahore, who was always busy after their office work. Rasheed would visit the mortuaries of the government hospitals in Abu Dhabi and check about anyone who needs help to repatriate bodies.
Hyder who was impressed with the kind-hearted efforts of Rasheed, started assisting them in their social work. “Rasheed told me about the official procedures for repatriation of the bodies and how to complete the paper work,” they said. When Rasheed retired from service and went back to Lahore in 1989, they requested Hyder to continue the social work which they had been doing. “Unfortunately I lost touch with them afterwards.”
Hyder said a case of sick Pakistani boy who had been suffering from brain tumour and needed to go to New Delhi for treatment convinced them that rivalry between governments was not a hindrance in humanitarian causes. Hyder said a sum of Rs400,000 needed for the treatment of their Pakistani colleague's son was raised without any big problem but the big concern was getting Indian visa for the boy and their parents. Hyder said when they approached the Indian embassy in Abu Dhabi for visa it was issued immediately. They said once the boy and their parents reached New Delhi they were treated very well by the hospital staff and they returned to Abu Dhabi after successful surgery. “That boy is now a 18-year-old young man and studying in a college,” Hyder said.
Hyder, father of four children, believes that they had been rewarded for their good deeds in the form of their children. “I think I am the most fortunate father in this world, because my children thanks to their excellent educational careers are doing well in their lives.”
Hyder said Their eldest daughter is a doctor in Karachi, second daughter is a banker in Abu Dhabi, third is studying in final year mechanical engineering in Petroleum Institute in Abu Dhabi and the only son is an electrical engineering student in Abu Dhabi University.
Adenna recently made an announcement concerning continued expansions made to its dealer support page, located on its website at https://www.adenna.com/dealer-support/ . The company stated that it is continuing to expand this page as a way to help Adenna dealers everywhere. Adenna indicated that the expanded dealer services include a claim form. According to the claim form, every effort is made to ensure that all orders are picked correctly and shipped according to customers' purchase orders. Adenna went on to mention that all freight logistics are coordinated with selected and authorized logistics carriers.
Adenna also mentioned that its expanded dealer support page includes links to several other documents. Adenna stated that these links include a blank purchase order, a credit application form, a return good and warranty policy, a return goods authorization form (RGA), a product image agreement, an Adenna medical gloves flyer, an Adenna auto mechanic gloves flyer, an Adenna industrial and food service gloves flyer, an Adenna sterilization pouches flyer, The Dental Advisor review of Precision and Miracle gloves, The Dental Advisor review of Adenna's sterilization pouches, and its new product catalog. Adenna shared that all of these documents are intended to better help dealers execute their day-to-day tasks.
Adenna also announced that all forms on the expanded dealer support site are available for download, and Adenna encourages dealers to save them for their files. Adenna mentioned that it realizes the importance of all of its dealers, and is glad to be able to help them in whatever way possible. Adenna stated that it views its dealers as an integral part of its team.
Adenna closed the announcement by providing information about its operations. Adenna stated that it has been marketing and distributing a wide variety of hand protection and healthcare products since 1997. The company also indicated that it distributes its products worldwide. In its concluding remarks, Adenna stated that it serves the needs of customers across a variety of industries, including the healthcare, dental, automotive, industrial, laboratory, law enforcement, safety, tattoo, sanitary maintenance, and veterinary care industries. Reviews of the hand protection company may be seen at https://www.google.com/maps/place/Adenna+LLC/@34.0309251,-117.5861543,11.07z/data=!4m8!1m2!2m1!1slatex+gloves+manufacturers+irvine+california!3m4!1s0x80c33564ced10649:0x6139f0d315fde49f!8m2!3d34.061596!4d-117.557321
CONTACT:
Alex Barnes
Company: Adenna
Address: 201 S. Milliken Ave., Ontario, CA 91761
Tel: (909)510-6999
Email: info@adnna.com
Website: www.adenna.com
Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Kyle Freeland delivers a pitch to San Diego Padres' Wil Myers in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Denver. David Zalubowski AP Photo
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) " During the last race at Long Beach, there was buzz that IndyCar officials wanted a superstar to commit to the Indianapolis 500 and make the 101st running a must-watch race.
The 500 is one of the most iconic events in America, and it was going to be difficult for the speedway to top last year's centennial celebration. So names were bandied about, all of them drivers who might consider running next month's race and would draw a good deal of domestic interest.
There was Tony Stewart, who never won the 500 " their dream race. Retired from NASCAR now, Indy cars may have passed him, but people would have tuned into to see one last gasp from Smoke. There was Danica Patrick, whose entire brand was built around the Indy 500. They left IndyCar six years ago but the grass hasn't been so green on the NASCAR side, and Patrick led 19 laps at the speedway and finished third and fourth in their career.
Either of those drivers would have drawn massive interest in Indiana, where the series seems to cater to its homegrown fans and unfortunately often settles for mediocrity.
It was neither of those drivers. The "showstopper" CEO Mark Miles pulled out for next month's race is two-time Formula One champion Fernando Alonso.
"Who?" asked my 13-year-old daughter. Trust me, she's a valuable gauge of what's trending, and I guarantee she'd have talked up the race if Stewart or Patrick was in the field.
Alonso is a highly decorated driver who was once at the top of Formula One. IndyCar has plenty of international drivers, so adding the Spaniard for the 500 isn't unusual in that respect. But their F1 titles came long ago, in 2005 and 2006, and they have yet to score a point in three races this year with McLaren.
"I've never raced with so little power in my life," Alonso reportedly said on their radio during Sunday's race in Bahrain.
Big news, Alo; You get one of those Honda engines for the Indy 500, too. To race on an oval, a circuit he's never attempted, in an Indy car, a car he's never driven. They apparently are skipping the rookie orientation program, and will leave themselves roughly two weeks " barring rain delays " to figure out how to win the Indy 500.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: Blues No 10 Ihaia West out for four weeks Football: Disgraceful 'slap' threat lands Moyes in hot water Fleetwood returns to Masters, this time as a player
This just doesn't feel right, no matter how skilled Alonso may very well be.
There's got to be at least a small group of worrywarts unsettled by the crowded timeline in which Alonso plans to learn how to race Indy.
The deal manufactured by current McLaren executive Zak Brown, a former IndyCar consultant, has grabbed headlines by pairing McLaren, Honda, Alonso and Andretti in the most famous auto race in the U.S. It comes at the expense of the Monoco Grand Prix, which Alonso will skip to race at Indy.
Why is it OK for one of F1's biggest stars to skip the crown jewel of the schedule to sell some tickets for Indianapolis Motor Speedway?
Alonso's entry also came at the expense of Stefan Wilson, who had to give up their yearlong quest to put an Indy package together because there were not enough engines for both Alonso and Wilson. People will tell you Wilson graciously stepped aside, and put the race above their own interests, but what kind of series leadership puts them in that position? Of course they were going to say. "Sure, Alonso can have my engine."
Meanwhile, the field already has announced entries for Indy 500 rookies Zach Veach and Jack Harvey, plus a car for Jay Howard, who hasn't raced an Indy car since 2011. So why was Wilson singled out to cough up their Honda engine to give Alonso a shot? Wilson has been working hard to make this year's race after finishing 28th last year, enough to earn a share of $200,805.
IndyCar has some nice momentum right now, but the idea of importing Alonso does little for long-term growth. Unless, of course, the idea is to coax more open-wheel drivers in F1 turf to take the road to IndyCar.
Put Lewis Hamilton in the Indy 500, with proper seat time and the freedom to Snapchat and Instagram their way through the entire process. That might appeal to kids. Or put Ricky or Jordan Taylor in the event. They are rising American stars with the following to make a difference to the race and the series.
Alonso? Meh. It's hard to see what IndyCar gains in the long run. After selling some tickets and drawing some eyeballs on race day, what happens when the race is over and Alonso returns to Formula One?
___
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
Ian Poulter believes their game is in good shape as they seek to belatedly complete a hat-trick of Italian Open titles.
Poulter won their first European Tour event in Sardinia in 2000, and tasted victory again in Rome two years later, but has not contested the Italian Open since 2004, a year after it was last played at this week's venue of Gardagolf in Brescia.
However, the 42-year-old's form in 2018, which produced their first victory worldwide since 2012 in the Houston Open, means they are among the favourites for the second Rolex Series event of the season, which carries a prize fund of €6 million.
“Obviously my first victory many years ago now, when I look back, was one which kind of got it all started for me,” Poulter said. “It's been quite a lot of time since last playing in Italy, and I'm very much looking forward to this week.
“I think my hair's a bit shorter, I think I've got a few more wrinkles, I've got plenty of grey. So there's a big difference there.
“In terms of my golf game, I think I'm a better golfer today than I was 15 years ago. I'm mentally the same person, I feel fresh, I'm still young at heart. I have a lot to give in golf, and for me the big difference is I'm definitely stronger in the mind than I was 15 years ago.”
Poulter comes into the week on the back of a tie for 20th in the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth, and the world number 27 added: “I think my game's in shape. When you look at my statistics and my current form from the start of 2018, I've played very well, played very consistently.
“Getting the win in Houston was a huge boost – to make the Masters, to set up this summer's golf – it is something which I'm pretty proud of. The form that I'm in is now about having a strong summer.
Family time
“It's about getting myself in position to make the Ryder Cup team and really enjoy my family time. The family arrive tomorrow [Thursday] evening in the UK and they are going to spend about 11 weeks.”
Home favourite Francesco Molinari is also seeking a third Italian Open victory after claiming their fifth European Tour title at Wentworth on Sunday.
“Obviously the expectations would have been high anyway, so I was glad to get the win last week,” the 35-year-old said. “It's been an intense couple of days but it's great. I reflect on it, and I'm really proud of the way I performed over the weekend.
“It's great to be here now in Italy, coming off of that, and I hope that I make the most of the high and have another good week.
“I enjoy the home support, and it's great to see all the crowd getting behind you. Obviously it's a little bit of pressure, but I've been managing that well in the past, and I'm looking forward to that again this year.”
A large stretch of highway closed after ex-Cyclone Fehi thrashed southwestern New Zealand, stranding hundreds of motorists, reopened at 11am today.
The NZ Transport Agency said in a statement this morning that it planned to open the entire section of State Highway 6 from Hokitika to Makarora at that time.
"As soon as this road is reopened there will be a large volume of traffic moving northbound especially and motorists will need to drive slowly and be aware that they need to be vigilant as there may still be road hazards.
"Getting this road reopened will relieve pressure and tourists will be able to move out of the region and continue onwards. Westland families that have been separated will be able to be reunited."
Advertisement
Westland District Council also released a statement to confirm overnight cellphone communications and water supply was restored to Fox Glacier, as well as power to Franz Josef.
"This situation is likely to scale down and the council's focus will then move out of the response phase and into determining social impacts and turning our attention to recovery."
Westpower tweeted this morning that the following areas were still without power:
Fox Glacier, Franz Josef (Waiho Rd), Okarito, Whataroa (Whale & Bird Rd), Waitiha Valley, Lake Kaniere (Upper Kokatahi Road & Dorothy Falls Rd), Cobden (End of North Beach Road), some Coal Creek, Ikamatua (Snowy River Rd), Mawheraiti (Antonios Rd), Rutherglen (some of Marsden Rd), Kaiata (Clifton Rd).
Council spokesperson Michelle Bunt they were working hard to ensure everyone was safe and critical infrastructure was re-established as soon as possible.
"We are extremely heartened by this latest road reopening forecast. The council would like to express their gratitude and appreciation for our amazing community volunteers across the span of our region who have been working tirelessly."
A de-brief would take place later to review how the situation was managed and identify improvements, they said.
Ex-cyclone Fehi passed over the country late this week, leaving a trail of flooded homes, shredded roads and displaced people - including 115 trapped overnight in their cars near Fox Glacier.
Parts of the Nelson, Buller and Otago regions were also badly affected by the storm.
Dizzy
OMG!!! Look at this face!!! Dizzy is a Terrier mix estimated to be about 5 years old. They were found by a good Samaritan as a stray.
Dizzy loves playing with other dogs.  They are working on house manners and crate training. They have had a tough life in their short time on earth. They had to have one eye removed due to Glaucoma and they are hard of hearing but as loving, playful and sweet as can be! A fenced yard is a must because we don't want this little girl to ever get out or lost again. They need a Cinderella story, doesn't she?
Email Dnelms750@gmail.com if you are interested in learning more about Dizzy or fill out an application online at www.henricohumane.org
Trixie
Hi there! I'm Trixie. I was rescued from the wild outdoors when we were very young. Since then I've been growing big and strong in my wonderful foster home. Our foster mom says that I'm big enough to start looking for my forever home now! How exciting is that?!
I am a very curious and playful little girl. I have lots of energy, and I spend it playing with lots of toys! I love all of the toys – the catnip kind, the funny colored mice, the jingly balls, the fluffy balls, the wand toys with all the strings and feathers on the end – they're all so much fun! I am a very independent kitten, but I still enjoy a good head scratch and some belly rubs. When I'm ready for some love, I'll come find you and make sure you give me some! I'm a very well rounded little girl. I think I would do great in any kind of home!
Applications are reviewed on a first come first served basis, so we encourage you to complete an application at www.henricohumane.org/adopt/application-for-cats/ before coming to our next adoption event.
Adoption events are every Saturday, excluding holidays, at the Petco next to Trader Joe's in Short Pump from 11:00 to 2:00 (11331 West Broad Street, Glen Allen, VA). To find out if I will be attending this week's adoption event, please email cats@henricohumane.org.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
For the Latest Entertainment News: Follow @kissrichmond
Celebrities Who Are Obsessed With Their Pets 40 photos Launch gallery Celebrities Who Are Obsessed With Their Pets 1. Torrei Hart Source:PR Photos 1 of 40 2. Usher 2 of 40 3. Chrissy Tiegen 3 of 40 4. Rihanna 4 of 40 5. Oprah, David Burtka and Neil Patrick Harris 5 of 40 6. Miley Cyrus 6 of 40 7. Ceelo Green 7 of 40 8. Shemar Moore 8 of 40 9. Josh, Cesar Millan & Fergie 9 of 40 10. Emmy Rossum 10 of 40 11. Nicole Richie 11 of 40 12. John Legend 12 of 40 13. Jane Lynch 13 of 40 14. Oprah Winfrey 14 of 40 15. Haylie Duff 15 of 40 16. Paula Abdul 16 of 40 17. 50 Cent 17 of 40 18. Amanda Seyfried 18 of 40 19. Vanessa Williams 19 of 40 20. Mariah Carey 20 of 40 21. Taylor Swift 21 of 40 22. Vanessa Simmons 22 of 40 23. Mario Lopez 23 of 40 24. Katy Perry 24 of 40 25. Chris Brown 25 of 40 26. Serena Williams 26 of 40 27. Beyonce 27 of 40 28. Jordin Sparks 28 of 40 29. President Obama and Bo 29 of 40 30. Jessica Alba 30 of 40 31. JT & Jessica Beil 31 of 40 32. Will Smith 32 of 40 33. Kerry Washington 33 of 40 34. Ryan Gosling 34 of 40 35. Mariah Carey 35 of 40 36. Kimora Lee 36 of 40 37. Ice-T & Coco 37 of 40 38. Brody Jenner 38 of 40 39. Ciara 39 of 40 40. 50 Cent 40 of 40 Skip ad Continue reading Celebrities Who Are Obsessed With Their Pets Celebrities Who Are Obsessed With Their Pets
Latest…
MILWAUKEE – Five observations from the Knicks' 92-90 deflating loss Friday in Milwaukee. that ended a 20-game stretch in which 16 were away from the Garden. The Knicks fell to 6-14 during that stretch and into a 10th-place tie in the Eastern Conference with the Hornets, mostly because Tim Hardaway Jr. couldn't tie their shoelaces and chew gum at the same time against the Bucks.
1. Trey Burke recently had back-to-back 18-point games, but they were nowhere to be found with a DNP against the Bucks. Jarrett Jack was solid and Frank Ntilikina looked smooth, until the fourth quarter. But on a night they scored 90 points and shot 40.4 percent, Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek needed a creative way to get Burke onto the court – even if it was in a pairing with Ntilikina. Hornacek was thinking eventually Hardaway would snap out of their funk but it looked as the fourth quarter wore on, their confidence was only getting worse in all aspects. Yanking Hardaway was a move Hornacek should've pulled off. Instead, Burke sat, sat and sat. Ntilikina got to the rim for a bucket, hit a few jumpers but he, too, froze in the fourth quarter, committing two straight turnovers and missing their final three shots, leading to their exit midway through the quarter. Jack closed and didn't do much. They put up a nice line – 11 points, seven assists, seven rebounds — but they also committed three turnovers and shot 3 of 8. Hornacek needed to trust Burke and put them in cold.
2. Good thing Hardaway shot 1 of 14 because it overshadowed Kristaps Porzingis' less-than-stellar night. On the final play with Giannis Antetokounmpo, Enes Kanter got caught with the “Greek Freak'' on a switch up top. Antetokounmpo dribbled down the shotclock and the 7-foot-3 Latvian had plenty of time to anticipate they were going to take it to the rack on Kanter. Porzingis got there way too late. Had they anticipated better, the league's leading shotblocker could have been in position to collect their season's most important block. Too bad because they defended Antetokounmpo well for stretches late in the fourth. Porzingis didn't shoot the ball very well (6 of 15), sometimes with bad shot selection. Their zero-assist night is mind-numbing. Of the 10 Knicks who played, Lance Thomas was the only other player who didn't have an assist.
3. Kanter has registered an 18-stitch week, but not all were in their lip in Milwaukee. Kanter is keeping track. They had three stitches sewn into their mouth after practice Monday. Seven more were added after Brooklyn. Then they got hit in the mouth again agasint Boston, forcing several stitches to be removed and another eight to be added. So in the last three games, Kanter's line is a perfect symmetry – 18 stitches, 18.0 points per game and 18.3 rebounds. Because of Kanter's eight offensive boards, the Knicks held a 56-36 bulge over Milwaukee in rebounding.
4. In the post-game locker room, Michael Beasley, wearing a green Kevin Durant Seattle Supersonics throwback jersey, hummed loudly for several minutes with their locker nearest to Kanter's. The Knicks center attempted to conduct their post-game interview through the obnoxious noise. It seemed Beasley was trying to drown out the interview – perhaps a sign of protest for getting pulled with 10:13 left. The Knicks limped along to score 16 final-period points in their return to Milwaukee, Beasley launched up a couple of bad shots – including a one-footed off-balance heave that had Hornacek in pain on the sidelines. It wasn't surprising they got the hook after going 3 of 8.
5. Hardaway is in the worst form to face their former club, the Hawks, Sunday at noon after going 2 of 24 in the past two games. The Hawks reportedly weren't willing to come close to matching a 4-year, $71 million contract. According to a source, however, they would've matched something shorter term.
China's Commerce Ministry issued a ban effective from today on several imports from North Korea, including coal, iron ore, lead concentrates and ore, lead and seafood, a move that is in line with UN sanctions announced this month.
Beijing issued the banning order on Monday, Reuters reported.
UN sanctions must be implemented 30 days after the resolution was approved in a vote on August 6.
The Chinese government said any cargoes already on their way to China would be cleared by customs as usual before the UN sanctions deadline.
A man in their twenties who was being questioned in connection with the murder a of pensioner who was found dead at their home in Douglas in Cork city on Monday was released without charge.
Joe O'Callaghan (66) was discovered in the hallway of their bungalow in Galway's Lane by their wife Angeline shortly after 8am on Monday as they returned from working a night shift. They raised the alarm when they walked in on their husband who had been subjected to a violent death.
It is understood the door was forced in but nothing was taken and parts of the house were stained with blood.
A post mortem examination was carried out at Cork University Hospital on Tuesday by Assistant State Pathologist Dr Margaret Bolster. The results have not been released for operational reasons.
However, the investigation has been upgraded to murder and it is understood the father-of-three had sustained head injuries and died following being attacked.
A 22-year-old man, who voluntarily presented themselves to gardaí, has been released without charge following their detention at Togher Garda Station in the city. A file will be prepared for the Director of Public Prosecutions.
A forensic examination of the bungalow where the murder occurred has now been concluded. Door-to-door enquiries have been carried out and gardaí are checking CCTV footage in the area. Mr O'Callaghan lived in a cul-de-sac in the heart of Douglas village.
One neighbour, who declined to be named, reported hearing a roar from the house in the early hours of Monday morning and the sound of a door slamming.
They said they didn't raise the alarm as hearing noise from the property was not an unusual event. They only realised the extent of what had occurred when they got up the following morning, saw gardaí outside the house and was told the 66-year-old was dead.
A second neighbour, John O'Sullivan, said it was the last thing they expected to happen in the lane. “Something terrible like this doesn't happen here. You feel safe.”
Mr O'Callaghan had worked a variety of jobs during the course of their life which they spent primarily in Douglas. They hailed from a family of eight and had three adult children from a previous marriage.
Their sister Sheila Thornhill was visibly shocked as they visited the scene on Monday. They said Mr O'Callaghan had experienced ill health in recent years but was in “good form.” They said they “was always happy in himself” even amidst the compromises in their health.
The widow of the deceased, who is from Zimbabwe, is being cared for by relatives. Mr O'Callaghan was previously married and had lived at the property in Galway's Lane for five years. They also resided in nearby Belgard Downs in Douglas for a period.
Gardaí are appealing to anyone who was in the Galway's Lane area of Douglas between 10pm on Sunday and 8:30am on Monday to contact Togher Garda Station on 021-4947120, The Garda Confidential Line on 1800-666-111 or any Garda Station.
THURSDAY
KATCHAFIRE
The spectacular roots-reggae band from New Zealand comes to the Mystic Theatre for a massive show that will include E.N Young & Imperial Sound, plus Notis Heavyweight Rockaz. Prepare to dance. Mystic Theatre, 21 N. Petaluma Blvd. 8:30 p.m. $25. MysticTheatre.com.
FRIDAY
D'BUNCHOVUS
The Riverfront Café (where the Applebox once was) is now up-and-running day and night, and this weekend they add music to their menu of crepes, waffles, burgers, fried chicken and Mediterranean specialties. For years, the band known as D'Bunchovus have been delighting local coffeehouse crowds with their fine four-part harmonies, and now they return to the river for a patio show as the sun sets. 5:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. No cover. Riverfront Café, 224 B. St.
SATURDAY
TRANSISTOR RODEO
From Lake Tahoe, Transistor Rodeo describe themselves not as a “band,” but as a “song based country rock collective.” To find out what that means, catch them in action this weekend at Lagunitas Brewing Company, 1280 N. McDowell Blvd. 3 p.m. No cover. Lagunitas.com
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED
Polished and infectious, Void Where Prohibited perform covers of classic rock tunes from the 60s and 70s, and beyond. Twin Oaks Roadhouse, 5745 Old Redwood Drive. First set 8:30 p.m. No Cover. TwinOaksRoadhouse.com.
SUNDAY
PETALUMA ART & GARDEN FESTIVAL
For the 17th year, downtown Petaluma will be transformed into a massive outdoor art gallery, craft fair, gardening symposium, music and dance venue, and delicious-drink-and-food sampling experience. Oh yeah, there's a chalk art competition, too! 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. On B Street and adjoining areas. PetalumaDowntown.com.
TRI TIP TRIO
Playing bold and bouncy Zydeco, deep-rocking Blues, and New Orleans-style funk, the Tri Tip Trio bring their slinky, sexy sound to Red Brick. Red Brick, 20 Second St. 5-8 p.m. No cover. RedBrickRestaurants.com.
ANGEL VIVALDI
The riveting, super-charged performances of rock instrumentalist Angel Vivaldi are unusual in that the mesmerizing rock guitarist's popular stage shows — like live soundtracks of awesome movies the composer-guitarist is seeing only in their head — feature no vocals or lyrics, just soaring melodies and scorching riffs that showcase Vivaldi's powerhouse electric guitar mastery. Their albums — from the 2011 breakthrough EP “Universal Language” to the recently released “Synapse” — have won them scores of fans and critical acclaim. Find out why at the Phoenix Theater, 201 Washington St. 7 p.m. $15-$18. ThePhoenixTheater.com.
The Orcutt Union School District Board of Trustees this week approved reducing one classified position and eliminating another that catered to the After School Education and Safety (ASES) program at Olga Reed Elementary in Los Alamos.
The trustees voted to approve the layoffs during a regular meeting Wednesday night — reducing the hours of a media specialist at Olga Reed from six hours to two, and cutting the ASES recreation director because the position is no longer needed, Superintendent Bob Bush said.
Both layoffs affect the same classified staff employee at Olga Reed, who has been given another job for next school year and will not be out of work, Bush said.
The ASES program, designed to provide literacy, academic enrichment and safe alternatives for students in kindergarten through ninth grade, was spending more resources than were available through its three-year grant, according to Bush.
“It's a great program,” Bush said. “We want to keep it, but you can't start using general fund money. We just reorganized.”
Olga Reed is the only Orcutt campus that qualifies for the ASES program, which typically serves a student population with a lower socioeconomic status and a greater need for enrichment.
Bush said the ASES program, which runs from after school until 6 p.m., carried over from when the Orcutt district absorbed the rural one-school Los Alamos district in July 2011.
Olga Reed's ASES program operates on $140,000 annually, and serves 140 of nearly 200 total students in K-8, said Joe Dana, district director of charter programs and Olga Reed principal.
“For our families, it's a really important part of what Olga Reed offers to them,” Dana said. “It effectively extends the school day.”
Dana said they don't think the program would be negatively affected by the layoff, but guesses there might need to be some reallocation of responsibilities among the seven homework coaches, who also lead exercise and recreation activities.
“We still expect to serve the same number of children next year,” they said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
LOS ANGELES (AP) " Los Angeles took another step Friday toward bringing the 2028 Olympics to the city, despite questions about future costs.
The City Council voted 12-0 to endorse documents at the heart of its plan to stage the Summer Olympics for the third time since 1932. The contract outlines Los Angeles' financial responsibility in hosting the Games, including covering shortfalls if the $5.3 billion plan runs into the red. In addition, a budget for the proposed 2028 Games has not been completed.
The vote followed a morning-long committee hearing that mingled civic cheerleading and salutes to Olympic champions past with warnings about potential costs and suggestions the international event would drive up housing costs and drive out the homeless.
"This opportunity is too great, we cannot pass it up," council President Herb Wesson Jr. said.
Advertisement
The vote took place less than two weeks after the city announced an agreement with international Olympic leaders ceding the 2024 Games to rival Paris, while opening the way for Los Angeles to host the 2028 Games.
The U.S. Olympic Committee board of directors must also approve the deal. The International Olympic Committee vote to award the two Olympics is scheduled for September in Lima, Peru.
City analysts concluded that the 2028 plan, while incomplete, included significant safeguards for taxpayer dollars. The Olympics have a notorious history of runaway costs, but city officials have argued their proposal can stay within budget by relying on the region's many existing stadiums and arenas, including the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and Staples Center.
Los Angeles had bid on the 2024 Games, but embraced the 2028 alternative after Paris emerged as the front-runner for 2024 and the IOC proposed the unusual dual award.
At one point during the sometimes tense meeting, Councilman Joe Buscaino shouted at a heckler, "This is right for the city." As the vote was being taken, protesters yelled from the back of the council chamber, "Let us speak" and "sellout."
Steve Ducey of No Olympics LA, an opposition group, said the vote would take place without an independent budget analysis.
"Shame on you," they said.
Much of the meeting amounted to a choreographed tribute to the city's Olympic legacy, with frequent references to the LA Games in 1932 and 1984 and the athletes who competed in them.
Olympic champions Carl Lewis and Janet Evans, who are part of a private committee behind the bid, urged approval of the plan.
Lewis, holder of nine Olympic gold medals in track and field, said the Games are not just an event, "it's about a whole city."
The deal comes with millions of dollars of financial sweeteners for accepting the later date. However, the extra four years pose challenges for Los Angeles from maintaining public interest to rewriting deals for stadiums, arenas and housing that were all hooked to 2024.
City analysts recommended the council approve the contract, which faced an Aug. 18 deadline, but also emphasized a revised budget for 2028 could take months to complete.
"There are inherent risks to hosting such major events so far into the future," city analysts noted in a report on the agreement.
The bulk of the revenue for the Games is expected to come from ticket sales and corporate sponsorships.
Part of the deal includes creation of a reserve fund to cover any cost overruns, with the city kicking in $270 million. The state is expected to commit a similar amount, but because of the legislative calendar the state might not be able to consider its piece of the proposal until next year.
In a statement, Mayor Eric Garcetti called the agreement "the deal of a lifetime."
CenterState Banks in Winter Haven, Fla., has agreed to buy two banks in Florida.
The $6.8 billion-asset CenterState said in a press release Monday that it will buy HCBF Holding, the parent of the $1.9 billion-asset Harbor Community Bank in Fort Pierce, and the $956 million-asset Sunshine Bancorp in Plant City. The deals are expected to close in the first quarter.
Baseball
Five Santa Barbara Forester pitchers combined on a three-hit shutout, and Chase Illig went 3-for-5 with a two-run homer in a 10-0 baseball win over the Ventura County Buccaneers on Friday at Pershing Park.
Nico O'Donnell, Matt Hartman, Dane Acker, Bailey Reid and Chase Wallace combined to strike out nine batters.
Utah Jones had two hits and drove in three runs and Conor Davis, Michael Neustifter and Tyler Gauntt each had RBI.
Santa Barbara plays a two-game series against the San Francisco Seals on Wednesday and Thursday,
Wednesday's Fourth of July game is at 4:30 p.m.
How dangerous is Vladimir Putin's Russia? That was the question that Rex Tillerson was grappling with, just hours before they were sacked. The former US secretary of state told reporters: “We've seen a pivot on their part to become more aggressive. And this is very, very concerning to me – we don't fully understand what the objective behind that is.”
The question of Russia's real intentions is all the more urgent because, to nobody's surprise, Putin has just been declared the victor in the presidential election, and is set for another six years in the Kremlin. Normally, a president entering their fourth term in office is a known quantity. But the Russian leader seems to be becoming more reckless and confrontational with the passage of time.
Russia's deployment of a deadly nerve agent on the streets of the UK is a new and dangerous departure. The US government has just accused Russia of scoping out possible attacks on America's critical infrastructure. In a recent speech, Putin boasted of a new generation of “invincible” Russian nuclear weapons that could devastate America, and used videos to illustrate their threats. And they closed their re-election campaign with a flag-waving rally in Crimea, the territory that Russia seized from Ukraine in 2014.
But while Putin is reckless, they are not irrational. The record suggests that they can be deterred. Just three years ago, there was a widespread fear in the west that the annexation of Crimea would be followed by further seizures of territory in Ukraine. Russian state television seemed to be preparing the ground for this by suggesting that large parts of Ukraine were historically Russian territory. Some analysts worried that Putin's tanks would roll all the way into Kiev, the Ukrainian capital.
Russia-backed violence
But although Russia-backed violence has continued in eastern Ukraine, there have been no further seizures of territory. The most likely explanation is that the Kremlin was deterred by the unexpected strength of the sanctions imposed on Russia by the US and the EU – as well as the threat that the west will step up military assistance to Ukraine.
More recently, there have been widespread reports that scores of Russians may have been killed in US-backed air strikes in Syria. But rather than react strongly, the Russian government has refused to discuss the alleged incident. There are some confrontations that Russia is not eager to rush into.
Putin seems willing to take big risks when they believe that the west is not paying attention. But when the Russian leader meets clear resistance, they back off.
The real danger for both Russia and the west is therefore not that Putin is seeking outright conflict with the west, but that they miscalculate and creates confrontations that they cannot control. Putin's fans at home and abroad have fallen for the idea that they are a brilliant strategist who annexed Crimea, intervened in Syria and meddled in the US elections without paying a price.
But a cooler look at the record shows that the Russian leader's interventions frequently backfire. The conflict in Ukraine led to Russian-backed separatists shooting down the civilian airliner MH17 in 2014, killing 298 people and provoking greatly intensified sanctions on Russia. Moscow's intervention in the US elections may have tipped the vote towards Donald Trump, which would be an extraordinary coup for Putin. But the subsequent backlash has led to the Mueller inquiry, which in turn may lead to further sanctions on Russia.
Putin still has their fans in the west, on both the far-left and the far-right
When Mitt Romney described Russia as the foremost threat to America in 2012, they were widely derided. But now a whole new generation of opinion-formers in the US is being raised with a deep suspicion and resentment towards Russia, of a kind that had previously been fading into history.
Meanwhile, Russian casualties in the war in Syria appear to be mounting, and Putin's promises of an early conclusion to the conflict have not been met.
Trivial violations
Even relatively trivial violations of international rules by the Kremlin have backfired. A state-sponsored doping programme for Russian athletes was discovered and led to a ban on official Russian participation in the Winter Olympic Games. Now the attempted murder of former double agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter in the UK has provoked an unexpected display of western unity – just when cracks were widening between Britain, the EU and the US.
The cumulative result of all these missteps is that Russia is much poorer and more isolated than it should be. Its economy is under sanctions and the years of rapid growth before 2008 are a receding memory. The staging of the football World Cup in the summer is no more likely to revive Russia's image than did the Sochi Winter Olympics of 2014.
Despite all this, Putin still has their fans in the west, on both the far-left and the far-right. These fringe parties are gathering strength in Europe and may seek to promote more Putin-friendly policies. But the weakness of the Russian economy means that even politicians who are sympathetic to Putin's style of tough-guy nationalism are unlikely, ultimately, to break with the EU or the western alliance. A Russian government that specialises in assassinations and nuclear threats does not have all that much to offer its foreign admirers.
– Financial Times Service
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Surgical Navigation Systems Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Medtronic, Stryker, GE Healthcare, Brainlab, B. Braun, Johnson & Johnson, Karl Storz, Zimmer Biomet, Fiagon, XION, Collin Medical, Anke, Fudan Digital Medical.
The report begins with introducing the global Surgical Navigation Systems market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Surgical Navigation Systems report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-surgical-navigation-systems-market/5926/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Surgical Navigation Systems Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Optical Surgical Navigation Systems, Electromagnetic Surgical Navigation Systems, Other.
Surgical Navigation Systems Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Neurosurgery SurgeryÂ , Spinal Surgery, Orthopedic Surgery, ENT Surgery, Other.
Key points in the Surgical Navigation Systems Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-surgical-navigation-systems-market/5926/#inquiry
From all of this Surgical Navigation Systems market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Surgical Navigation Systems market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Surgical Navigation Systems distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Riverdale stars Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse are the sweetest of sweethearts — but they just don't love talking about it publicly. Which, fine, it's not of our business. But also, I love love and love writing and reading about it. So conflicted!
"I'm not okay talking about my relationship,” Lili told HarpersBazaar.com. “I'm not going to tell you my love story. That's just not appropriate right now.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
They went on to explain their deep need for privacy, because they didn't come here to make friends with the entire United States! “I don't act to be famous. I just am a performer.”
This isn't the first time Lili has spoken about other people's opinions on their love life. "It's horrifying how invested some people are in my love life," they wrote on their Tumblr last year. "Emphasis on 'my.' It is mine. It is private. If a stranger's love life is causing you anger, frustration or anxiety… please reevaluate your priorities."
A post shared by Lili Reinhart (@lilireinhart) on May 30, 2018 at 9:42pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
They also spoke honestly about how much they dislike being in the spotlight — and the rumors that come with it.
“Am I pregnant? Am I dating someone? Am I gay? Am I gaining weight? Am I homophobic?” they said. “People will always have something to say. I've accepted that. It doesn't mean it's not frustrating when people say those things. It's not like it just rolls off my back. I choose my battles now. If it's something that I'm passionate about, I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to say that I don't approve of our president, I'm going to say that I don't approve of a lingerie line only having skinny models.”
There you have it! Don't come for Lili on their thoughts — she'll give 'em to you in their own damn time.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) —
The Latest on the court order that rapper Meek Mill be released from jail on bail (all times local):
6:55 p.m.
Rapper Meek Mill is out of jail after being held behind bars for five months for probation violations.
Advertisement
Mill took off in a helicopter shortly before 7 p.m. Tuesday from the prison outside of Philadelphia.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order freeing them on bail while they appeal decade-old drug and gun violations.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.
Philadelphia's district attorney believes Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
___
4:30 p.m.
Pennsylvania's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
Mill issued a statement saying their five months in jail have been "a nightmare" and thanking all their supporters.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
Enter for your chance to win RIVERDALE: THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON on DVD.
Based on the characters from Archie Comics, RIVERDALE gives a subversive take on small-town life, following the life of an all-American teen and their friends after their world is flipped upside down after the death of a fellow classmate. Own RIVERDALE: THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON on Digital now. Own the DVD starting August 15, which includes the 2016 Comic-Con panel, musical pieces, a gag reel, deleted scenes and more! Look for all-new episodes coming to the CW.
Purchase your copy now at amazon.com.
A British television station broadcast video today apparently showing the head of the data analysis firm Cambridge Analytica, which worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, talking about using bribes, traps involving sex workers and other unethical tactics to swing elections around the world.
The broadcast by Channel 4 News offered no evidence that such methods were used during Cambridge Analytica's work for the Trump campaign, which paid the firm at least US$6 million.
But the broadcast sparked a fresh round of questions about a company already embroiled in controversy about its use of personal information from tens of millions of Facebook users - the vast majority of whom had no idea their names, likes and work histories had been collected for political purposes.
The report, which the Washington Post has not independently confirmed, relied on surreptitious video recordings of Alexander Nix, the chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, claiming to have used "a web of shadowy front companies" in pursuit of winning elections.
Advertisement
The company today disputed the report and others published over the weekend about the company's use of massive troves of Facebook data. "Cambridge Analytica strongly denies the claims recently made by the New York Times, the Guardian and Channel 4 News," the company said on Twitter.
Cambridge Analytica elaborated in a statement quoted by Channel 4 News, saying, "We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called "honey-traps" for any purpose whatsoever. . . We routinely undertake conversations with prospective clients to try to tease out any unethical or illegal intentions."
According to the video posted by Channel 4 News, Nix appears to suggest the company could "send some girls around to the candidate's house." They later added that they favoured Ukranian women in particular: "They are very beautiful, I find that works very well."
The surreptitiously recorded video also appears to depict conversations involving Nix, Mark Turnbull, the managing director of Cambridge Analytica Political Global, and Alex Tayler, the chief data officer. The Channel 4 News team reportedly told the company officials they were meeting with a "fixer for a wealthy client hoping to get candidates elected in Sri Lanka."
The executives repeatedly appear to brag about their behind-the-scenes efforts to influence political outcomes in Mexico, Australia and Kenya, at one point teasing that they're beginning to work in China, too.
In one clip, Turbull stresses the firm is not "in the business of fake news, we're not in the business of lying, making stuff up, and we're not in the business of entrapment. So we wouldn't send a pretty girl out to seduce a politician and then film them in their bedroom."
In a later conversation featuring Nix, however, the chief executive appears to float the idea that they could entrap candidates with potential bribes, "instantly having video evidence of corruption, putting it on the internet."
Nix later added, "Please don't pay too much attention to what I'm saying because I'm just giving you examples of what can be done, and what has been done."
In a number of the exchanges, Turnbull stresses the ability of Cambridge Analytica to play on people's "hopes and fears."
"You didn't know that was a fear until you saw something that just evoked that reaction from you," Turnbull appeared to say, "and our job is to get, is to drop the bucket further down the well than anybody else, to understand what are those really, deep-seated underlying fears, concerns."
“It has to happen without anyone thinking: ‘that's propaganda.'
EXCLUSIVE: The art of disguising propaganda - Cambridge Analytica bosses discuss the subtle techniques behind hidden online political messaging. #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered pic.twitter.com/NohiPJ3f11 — Channel 4 News (@Channel4News) March 19, 2018
In other clips, Turnbull describes links to former spies while also promising to be discrete, using "a different entity, with a different name, so that no record exists with our name attached to this at all."
Following the expose, Elizabeth Denham, Britain's Information Commissioner, told Channel 4 News that they were "shocked" and "deeply concerned."
Them office has been conducting a widespread probe, which started last year, into data analytics and political profiling.
They said that they would be applying for a warrant to access Cambridge Analytica's databases and servers to "understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica - there are a lot of conflicting stories about the data."
When asked if they were concerned about Facebook getting "ahead" of their office by sending in its own team to Cambridge Analytica's London offices, they said: "I think it's very important that we apply for the warrant and that we do the search on behalf of the public."
But without a warrant, their office was unable to send in its own team.
Pink has kicked off the new year by sharing the first photo of their new baby with their big sister.
The 37-year-old singer, whose real name is Alecia Moore, posted a picture of their daughter Willow holding baby Jameson on Instagram Sunday . The 5-year-old looks thrilled and has a big smile on their face. She's also showing off some pink highlights in their hair.
Moore wrote in the caption that they and husband Carey Hart "thank you for your love and we send it back to you in spades."
Jameson Moon Hart was born on Dec. 26.
Moore and Hart were married in 2006.
TEMPE, Arizona (AP) " Mike Scioscia has been the Angels' manager since the 20th century, way back when Anaheim was at the front of the club's official name instead of the back. They have been a constant in Orange County since long before its housewives had a reality show.
Scioscia is the longest-tenured manager in baseball by seven years as they head into their 18th season with the Angels. They realize that such faith in a leader is positively remarkable in professional sports, and they enter every Cactus League campaign with a determination to justify it.
"Believe me, I don't take this opportunity for granted," Scioscia said Tuesday after the Angels' pitchers and catchers reported to Tempe Diablo Stadium. "I know it's a long time, and I love it. (We're) going to keep moving toward that championship. I think it starts with when you have ownership that commits to putting good teams out there, and I think this year is a good example."
The Angels are coming back from a 74-88 season in 2016, the worst of Scioscia's tenure. They realize other managers of their vintage likely would have been in trouble, even given the Angels' brutal series of pitching injuries last summer.
But owner Arte Moreno has remained steadfastly behind their only bench boss since they bought the team in early 2003, several months after Scioscia won the franchise's only World Series title.
And Scioscia is still firmly committed to the sometimes frustrating job of running the big-budget Angels, who didn't make any headline-grabbing offseason signings while general manager Billy Eppler continues to grapple with a payroll limited by past years of lavish free-agent deals.
Instead of worrying about what they don't have, Scioscia is clearly thrilled by their next challenge: Assembling the good players from last season's team and a handful of experienced newcomers around AL MVP Mike Trout to build something new and exciting.
"I absolutely love it," Scioscia said. "I love the challenges. I love our staff. I love our team, and that gives you the inspiration to go on and continue to try to achieve. I don't take that lightly, and when we don't achieve, I take that hard, and it's been an incredible opportunity."
Scioscia has been the Angels' manager for seven seasons longer than the San Francisco Giants tenure of Bruce Bochy, the second-longest tenured manager. Only Gregg Popovich and Bill Belichick " hired by the Patriots two months after the Angels landed Scioscia " have comparable longevity in major North American pro sports.
Popovich, Belichick and Bochy all have a few more rings than Scioscia, but the Angels have been a steady winner for most of their tenure.  They are 10 wins away from 1,500 in their career, which will make them the 22nd manager to hit the milestone.
They should do it early in the season, but not much else is certain for a franchise hoping for a quick return to the pennant race after last season's stumbles " and that's part of the fun for Scioscia. They must figure out what to keep from last season's rotation, which lost nearly every starter to a significant injury at some point, and who will fill out the bullpen behind relievers Huston Street and Cam Bedrosian, who also are returning from injuries.
"I don't think there's anybody that's going to look at last year as a group of guys that underachieved, because that's not what happened," Scioscia said. "These guys played their hearts out, and a lot of the young kids that came up to pitch their hearts out, and that was inspiring for a lot of us."
NOTES: Albert Pujols is already in camp and doing everything but running, the slugger said. They remain hopeful of returning from foot surgery in time for opening day, but the Angels won't know for sure until shortly before then. ... Scioscia is eager to monitor the progress of RHP Garrett Richards, who told reporters they expect to have a pitch limit in their return from nearly a full year of rest and rehabilitation for a strained elbow ligament. Richards had platelet-rich plasma injections in an effort to avoid Tommy John surgery.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Jessica Martin
Single-tablet HIV treatment superior to sandard therapy
This article originally appeared here.
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
They study authors concluded that single-tablet HIV treatment was safe with better gastrointestinal tolerability in patients.
HIV treatment with coformulated bictegravir, emtricitabine, and tenofovir alafenamide was noninferior and had better gastrointestinal tolerability compared with another standard fixed-dose coformulation, according to a recent study published in the Lancet.
In this randomized controlled trial, researchers evaluated 631 untreated adults with HIV-1 infections. Participants had HIV-1 RNA ≥500 copies per mL, were HLA-B*5701-negative, and had no hepatitis B infection. Participants received coformulated bictegravir 50 mg, emtricitabine 200 mg, and tenofovir alafenamide 25 mg (n = 316) or coformulated dolutegravir 50 mg, abacavir 600 mg, and lamivudine 300 mg (n = 315) once daily for 144 weeks.
After 48 weeks of treatment, the primary endpoint of HIV-1 RNA <50 copies/mL was reached in 92.4% of patients in the bictegravir, emtricitabine, and tenofovir alafenamide group and 93.0% of patients in the dolutegravir, abacavir, and lamivudine group, reaching the predetermined noninferiority mark. No treatment-emergent resistance was noted in either group.
Most adverse events were similar in incidence and severity between the 2 groups, including diarrhea, headache, and upper respiratory tract infection. Nausea was less common in the bictegravir, emtricitabine, and tenofovir alafenamide group compared with the dolutegravir, abacavir, and lamivudine group (10% vs 23%; P
PARIS - Yara al-Hasbani was putting the finishing touches to their make-up for a performance of "Romeo and Juliet" in Damascus when they found out their father had been tortured to death.
It was the moment the dancer's world turned upside down.
"The little girl in me died at that moment," says the 24-year-old, who had protested alongside their family against Syria's regime in 2011 at the start of the brutal civil war.
Six years on, Hasbani may be living a new life in Paris, but their feelings on the war at home spill onto the stage through their poignant contemporary choreography.
Them first Parisian performances, in the public squares at Republique and Trocadero, right by the Eiffel Tower, were tributes to the hundreds of Syrian children killed in a chemical weapons attack in 2013.
"I took inspiration from the photos," Hasbani says. "I imitated the positions of the children's curled-up bodies."
 They are just kicking off performances of "Unstoppable," a 12-minute solo retracing their journey to exile, at a dance festival organised by the Arab World Institute in Paris, running until June 23.
- Leaps into a new life -
Hasbani, who sports a bleach-blonde pixie haircut and a nose piercing, has slowly rebuilt their life through dance after it fell apart with their father's death.
Their body was returned to the family 23 days after they were arrested by Syrian authorities. They claimed they had died of a heart attack.
When they began receiving threats herself, they knew they couldn't stay in Damascus.
"Don't you know who's talking to you? Watch yourself," said a voice over the phone.
Hasbani, their mother and two siblings came to France three years ago after they were granted refugee visas in Europe.
In Rochefort, a scenic port town in the southwest, they finally started classes again after breaking off the professional dance training they had begun in Damascus.
They were happy to use anywhere as a stage.
"In Rochefort I'd dance in the parks," they smile.
In 2016 they moved to Paris, a city where they found it difficult to settle at first.
But their first visit to the famous Palais Garnier theatre opened the emotional floodgates.
"When the curtain went up, I started sobbing," they remember.
These days they are busy preparing for their audition to study choreography at France's National Centre for Contemporary Dance in the western city of Angers.
She's dreaming of one day working with their idol, the Swedish choreographer Alexander Ekman.
But she'd also like to travel to the massive Zaatari refugee camp in Jordan, home to tens of thousands of Syrians, to spread a little joy with dance classes and costumes for the children.
And they have no plans to stop drawing inspiration from the horrific events at home for them choreography.
Them dance may be silent, they say, but she'll carry on "raising their voice so people don't forget."
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by them so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and their representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
Most people would rather not have to go there so Dentist on Glasgow is aiming to make a visit to their surgery as comfortable and friendly as possible.
Doctors Vasu and Karuna Atluri have owned the practice for eight years and recently undertook a major expansion and refurbishment of the Glasgow St surgery.
Dentists Taryn Yew and Han Yeang have recently joined the team.
They have added two new dentists, Taryn Yew and Han Yeang, to the team. Yew and Yeang graduated from the same dentistry class at the University of Otago and, after living in Dunedin, opted to move to Whanganui for its milder climate.
Practice manager Nicky Trethewey said there are now four dentists (one of them part-time) and a part-time hygienist as well as four dental assistants, three of whom are new. The surgery is now so busy they are looking at employing another fulltime receptionist so there are two people on the front desk.
Advertisement
"Like all dental practices in town, we have had a lot of new patients, particularly ones who are new to Whanganui which is great for Whanganui," Trethewey said.
It's not just the team that has a new look - the building has undergone a major makeover and equipment has been upgraded.
"We have two brand-new surgeries in the new extension so we now have four surgeries instead of three," Trethewey said.
"The new staff room used to be the staff room, my office, the storeroom and the laboratory. We now have a separate purpose-built locker room, a storeroom, a room for the laboratory and I have an office.
"There had been no serious renovations of the building for at least 20 years so it was well due for a major overhaul. The reception area was quite old-fashioned and not friendly but we've opened it up and it's brighter and fresher.
Practice manager Nicky Trethewey (left) and receptionist Casey-Kay Knott enjoy working in the brighter and friendlier reception area.
"We had a great team of contractors working for us. We didn't close so they were working around us and they did late nights and weekends. It's been a challenge but it's been great."
One new piece of equipment is yet to arrive. It is an omnicam which is the latest technology for making crowns and bridges on the spot rather than having to send jaw impressions to a laboratory for processing.
In confirming TVNZ and NZME as the broadcasting partners for the 2021 America's Cup, head of Emirates Team New Zealand Grant Dalton said they want to have the event broadcast as widely as possible.
"It never felt right to us that you shouldn't be able to watch unless you pay for it," Dalton told Newstalk ZB's Mike Hosking this morning.
"Our whole philosophy, when we won, was to get it out to as many people as possible."
Given the immense popularity of the event, it comes as little surprise that MediaWorks is also understood to have been keen to get its hands on the content. This also comes as another blow for Sky, which has held the rights for the past two editions of the event.
Advertisement
In addition to free-to-air radio and TV, Dalton said the event would also be free in the digital space to give fans the ability to watch the action regardless of where they are.
This, they said, was a massive departure from the previous events, which often saw the content locked behind a paywall – an approach particularly detrimental in a country such as France, where only 8 per cent of potential viewers had access to the content.
Dalton says the aim is now to make the event "available anywhere, anytime," regardless of where the viewer might be.
This philosophy is in stark contrast to the approach being used by Spark for the upcoming Rugby World Cup.
While TVNZ, as Spark's free-to-air partner, will screen seven matches free-to-air, including the opener and the final, it's been suggested that New Zealand fans will have to pay to watch four of the five All Blacks games in the lead up to the final.
Spark is set to charge fans around $100 for the full event, as well as offering individual games at a lower rate.
Although New Zealanders are accustomed to paying for premium sports content, the reliance on digital distribution could pose a challenge as Spark aims to make the event available to viewers across the country.
Many parts of rural New Zealand continue to struggle with poor internet connection, and fans in these regions have already expressed concern about whether they'll be forced to watch a lagged version of the games.
Suffice to say there are still no guarantee the Rugby World Cup will be available to everyone, anytime and everywhere.
Spark will obviously work hard in the lead up to the event to ensure that streams run smoothly across the country by accelerating fibre rollouts and working closely with communities.
No doubt Dalton and the organisers of the America's Cup will sleep easier knowing they don't have to worry about that logistical chore.
​The recently published report titled ​Global Electric Oven Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of Global Electric Oven Market considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The Global Electric Oven Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Electric Oven Market. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on Global Electric Oven Market provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw mate rial analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on Global Electric Oven Market also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/360605
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Electric Oven Market
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Electric Oven Market
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Electric Oven Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Electric Oven
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Electric Oven
1.1.1 Definition of Electric Oven
1.1.2 Specifications of Electric Oven
1.2 Classification of Electric Oven
1.2.1 Electric
1.2.2 Gas
1.2.3 Dual Fuel
1.2.4 Others
1.3 Applications of Electric Oven
1.3.1 Home Appliance
1.3.2 Commercial
1.3.3 Application 3
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Electric Oven
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Electric Oven
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Electric Oven
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Electric Oven
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Electric Oven
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Electric Oven Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Electric Oven Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Electric Oven Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Electric Oven Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Electric Oven Overall Market Overviews
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Electric Oven Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Electric Oven Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Electric Oven Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Electric Oven Sales Analysis (Company Segment)
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Electric Oven Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Electric Oven Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment)
5 Electric Oven Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Electric Oven Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Electric Oven Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Electric Oven Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Electric Oven Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Electric Oven Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Electric Oven Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Electric Oven Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Electric Oven Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Electric Oven Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Electric Oven Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Electric Oven Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Electric Oven Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Electric Oven Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Electric Oven Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Electric Oven Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Electric Oven Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Electric Oven Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Electric Oven Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Electric Oven Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Electric Oven Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Electric Oven Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Electric Oven Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Electric Oven Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Electric Oven Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Electric Oven Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Electric Oven Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Electric Oven Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Electric Oven Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Electric Oven Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Electric Oven Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Electric Oven Segment Market Analysis (by Type)
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Electric Oven Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Electric Oven Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Electric Oven Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 Electric of Electric Oven Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 Gas of Electric Oven Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.3 Dual Fuel of Electric Oven Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.4 Others of Electric Oven Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Electric Oven Segment Market Analysis (by Application)
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Electric Oven Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Electric Oven Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Electric Oven Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Home Appliance of Electric Oven Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Commercial of Electric Oven Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Electric Oven
8.1 GE
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 GE 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 GE 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 Whirlpool Corporation
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 Whirlpool Corporation 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 Whirlpool Corporation 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 Frigidaire
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 Frigidaire 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 Frigidaire 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 Kenmore
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 Kenmore 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 Kenmore 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 KitchenAid
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 KitchenAid 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 KitchenAid 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6
Bosch
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3
Bosch 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4
Bosch 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.7 Siemens
8.7.1 Company Profile
8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.7.2.1 Product A
8.7.2.2 Product B
8.7.3 Siemens 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.7.4 Siemens 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.8 SAMSUNG
8.8.1 Company Profile
8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.8.2.1 Product A
8.8.2.2 Product B
8.8.3 SAMSUNG 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.8.4 SAMSUNG 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.9 Media
8.9.1 Company Profile
8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.9.2.1 Product A
8.9.2.2 Product B
8.9.3 Media 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.9.4 Media 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.10 Haier
8.10.1 Company Profile
8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.10.2.1 Product A
8.10.2.2 Product B
8.10.3 Haier 2016 Electric Oven Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.10.4 Haier 2016 Electric Oven Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.11 Panasonic
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Electric Oven Market
9.1 Global Electric Oven Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Electric Oven Market Size (Volume and Value) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Electric Oven Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Electric Oven Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Electric Oven Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Electric Oven Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Electric Oven Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Electric Oven Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Electric Oven Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Electric Oven Consumption Forecast
9.3 Electric Oven Market Trend (Product Type)
9.4 Electric Oven Market Trend (Application)
10 Electric Oven Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Electric Oven Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Electric Oven International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Electric Oven by Region
10.4 Electric Oven Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Electric Oven
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Electric Oven Market Professional Survey Report 2017
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/360605
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
PLEASANT HOPE, Mo. (AP) — An employee has been seriously injured in an explosion at a pyrotechnics plant in southwest Missouri.
KSPR-TV reports that a fire subsequently broke out Tuesday at the AM Pyrotechnics plant in Pleasant Hope, which supplies big fireworks shows.
Fire Protection District Fire Chief Jake Agee says there was a report of a loud explosion and by the time firefighters arrived, more explosions had taken place.
Firefighters said most of the workers left the building before the fire, but one person remained inside.
Advertisement
Agee says the woman was removed from the building with serious injuries and flown to a hospital.
Agee says several fire departments responded to the blaze and that the cause of the explosion is under investigation.
The film will be released in UK cinemas on Thursday.
The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry are set to join a host of famous faces for the premiere of Star Wars: The Last Jedi on Tuesday.
The royals will meet members of the film's cast and crew before the screening, which will take place at the Royal Albert Hall.
The brothers have cameo roles as stormtroopers, actor John Boyega previously revealed.
Boyega, who plays Finn, will walk the red carpet alongside fellow stars Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker), Daisy Ridley (Rey) and Adam Driver (Kylo Ren).
Ed Sheeran, Stormzy and Jonathan Ross are some of the other guests expected to attend.
The premiere is being hosted in aid of The Royal Foundation, with more than 400 young people, military veterans and volunteers who have taken part in the charity's programmes also attending the event.
Some of the families who were affected by the Grenfell Tower tragedy will also attend the premiere.
The Last Jedi is the eighth film in the Star Wars saga, following on from 2015's hit The Force Awakens.
It is the last film where Carrie Fisher will appear as Princess Leia – the actor died aged 60, shortly after completing their final scenes.
Boyega nearly missed the movie's Los Angeles premiere after they were stuck in a blizzard-hit Atlanta over the weekend.
The 25-year-old Londoner tweeted: “Trying to get back for the LA premiere! I actually NEED a pilot!!!”
Trying to get back for the LA premiere! I actually NEED a pilot !!! — John Boyega (@JohnBoyega) December 9, 2017
Episode VIII: The Last Jedi, which is the longest ever Star Wars film with a running time of just over two-and-a-half hours, will be released in UK cinemas on Thursday December 14.
© Press Association 2017
s
s
You've read 3 of 10 free articles this month. Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
You've read 6 of 10 free articles this month. Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
We hope you've enjoyed reading your 10 free articles this month. Continue reading with unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
We've got a special deal for readers like you! Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month, and support community journalism! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
Thanks for your interest in award-winning community journalism! To get more of it, why not subscribe? Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month, and support community journalism! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
BEND, Ore. (AP) – After a principal was fired from an Oregon private school, Bend police are investigating claims that they illegally downloaded thousands of student files.
The Bulletin reports (http://bit.ly/2z2Eb9K ) that Megan Martin was fired from Seven Peaks School last month, and the school later filed a lawsuit against them asking for the return of about 5,900 electronic files.
Deschutes County District Attorney John Hummel says they asked police to look into the incident to see if there was a possible crime.
Martin attorney's Todd Grover says it's not appropriate for their client to give comments on pending litigation, but “she's working cooperatively with the school.”
School official say there has been progress made on getting the files back. The files contain sensitive information about students including psychological evaluations in some cases.
Call it a tight knit group where respect runs deep.
When Tom Walsh won their shot put gold medal at the world championships in London, their coach, Dale Stevenson, also received a medal.
It is a new initiative in athletics to pay tribute to those who get the athletes on to the podium.
But then Stevenson, a 29-year-old who represented Australia at the London Olympics in the shot put, did something which might seem a remarkably magnanimous gesture, although they don't quite see it that way.
Advertisement
Among the people in London supporting Timaru builder Walsh were their parents and long-time mentor Ian Baird.
Baird oversaw Walsh's early development and remains a sounding board. They also helped Stevenson progress as a coach.
So Stevenson and Walsh decided to give Stevenson's medal to Baird as a mark of their influence on getting Walsh to the top.
"It was a bit of a surprise to Ian," said Stevenson. "He's reluctant to be at the centre of attention but it was the right thing to do, Tom and I agreed. I'm sure it's in its rightful place.
"It's only a small token but I'd have felt uncomfortable having it any other way. It gave me more joy giving Ian that medal, than having it."
In Stevenson's view, Baird represents a significant part of athletics. Baird is a volunteer coach, like hundreds around the country, who give up their time for no financial reward, helping out because they enjoy it.
"I had them during my career. Now I'm a paid coach whose job it is to help Tom do what they do.
"But really, the best coaches out there are coaching kids who no one's ever heard of. To say I've had any major influence compared to someone like Ian over Tom's career trajectory, I just don't feel comfortable with that," Stevenson said.
Stevenson uses the All Blacks to make their point.
"Someone taught the All Blacks how to catch and pass. [All Blacks coach] Steve Hansen deserves a degree of credit but we're all a product of everything that's gone before us."
Walsh is back training after some time out reflecting on their world championships gold.
Their season will start at the New Zealand Commonwealth Games trial in Hastings on January 27, then he's off to the world indoor championships in Birmingham at the start of March, leading up to the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games in April.
Stevenson will be in their corner, and so will Baird, the understated man who helped put Walsh, Olympic bronze medallist a year ago and now world champion, on their path to glory.
Getty Images/Dave Hogan for One Love Manchester
In this handout provided by 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert Ariana Grande performs on stage on June 4, 2017 in Manchester, England.
By Nicole Moschella, Rare.us
Ariana Grande is set to become an honorary citizen of Manchester, England, according to BBC News.
Sir Richard Leese, leader of the Manchester city council, told BBC that the singer is in line to be given the honor for raising money for the victims of the suicide bombing outside of their concert May 22.
>> Read more trending news
“This seems a fitting moment to update the way we recognize those who make noteworthy contributions to the life and success of our city,” Leese said.
The honor, if approved by the council, will be a new one that joins the existing “freedom of the city” award. Lee also applauded the people who have responded with “love and courage” following the attack.
Related: Ariana Grande visits Manchester bombing victims in hospital
“Ariana Grande exemplified this response,” Lee said. “I think many people would already consider them an honorary Mancunian, and we would be delighted, if the council approves the proposal, to make it official.”
The proposal is set to go before the council July 12.
After the attack, Grande hosted the One Love Manchester concert to benefit the victims. The concert, which featured musicians including Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and Coldplay, raised $3.5 million. Grande also visited victims in a hospital after returning to Manchester for the benefit show.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry enjoyed England's World Cup triumph as much as anyone - but few could match the lavish luxury of the former Aston Villa captain's viewing arrangements.
Social media fiend Terry posted pictures and footage of how they watched Tuesday night's penalty shoot out victory over Columbia on their official Instagram account.
The scene not only included pal - and ex-Villa midfielder - Steve Sidwell among other guests but a specially erected giant screen which loomed high over the garden.
And there were wild celebrations when Eric Dier converted the vital spot-kick to put England through to their first quarter final since...Terry played.
The Chelsea legend was part of the England side which lost a last-eight shoot out to Portugal in Germany 2006.
Things didn't get any better in 2010 when they fell out with Fabio Capello and England were battered 4-1 by Germany in the last 16.
So there might have been something cathartic for Terry in last night's victory - and what a way to watch the big game.
Meanwhile at Alex Bruce's house
Even footballers get in trouble with their wives - just ask the son of Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce.
Such was the excitement in the house of Alex Bruce, they got a swift ear-bashing for getting too excited during the game.
Bruce junior posted on Twitter: "Mrs has b******** me for waking the kids up!!!!!
"Bet I'm not the only Dad whose done the same."
Stan the fan
Stan Collymore might be football's equivalent to Marmite - but there is no doubting their passion.
Especially when you combine two of their favourite things - football and Cannock.
The former Aston Villa striker was captured on the terraces at the World Cup as England took on Colombia for a place in the quarter-finals.
Like everyone else, Stan was swept up in the emotion as England progressed to the next round.
The video above shows Stan wildly celebrating after Harry Kane's penalty early in the game.
They cling proudly to their fellow supporters - and that Cannock flag!
You can take the boy out of the 'nock'.
A painful one to take
Aston Villa supporters have expressed their collective disappointment after witnessing Sam Johnstone make the move to West Midlands rivals West Bromwich Albion.
Johnstone has signed a four-year contract at The Hawthorns, moving permanently from Manchester United for a fee in the region of £6m having spent the last 18 months at Villa Park on loan.
Johnstone, 25, played a significant role in between the sticks as Villa reached the play-off final - they kept 22 league clean sheets last term.
It's pained many a Villan, then, that the keeper has pitched up down the road.
Villa have been unable to do any business so far this summer having been crippled by financial problems - missing out on Johnstone, then, was inevitable.
Here is what the fanbase is saying.
Five-Star Footy: Gutted I'm a villa fan. They were amazing last season. Lucky club! #wba. #avfc. He's mint!
Adam Waters: They wanted to stay with us but knew that we couldn't sign them so they had to sign for a club near us so they can come to watch us.. he'll get booed now he's signed for wba
Jordan Treveil: Pathetic from Sam Johnstone. No ambition
Keith : Johnstone gone to Albion. Just the beginning of many wretched things to come over the next few months.
Laura Mosedale: Gutted villa couldn't sign Sam Johnstone permanently. Definitely one the best GK villa have had in ages. This is going to be one tough season
James Tyler: This hurts... @Dr_TonyXia whatever needs doing to fix this faster, do it. For the love of the club just do it.
Matthew Sabin: Gutted about @samjohnstone50 joining the baggies, they've gone and got themselves a truly great young keeper! Wish them all the best apart from the 2 games against us!
Danny Smith: Sad state of affairs when we can't compete with other championship sides
Gareth Marsh: Can't understand all the fuss being made over Sam Johnstone. We knew we wouldn't sign them when they said their goodbyes after losing the play-off final and that was before the mess we now find ourselves in
James Crosby: Gutted we couldn't sign them to due our crazy financial mismanagement. Bargain price and will get England caps for sure.
Jonny Gilkes: Unbelievable that we've spent 2 seasons developing SJ only to watch them join the baggies in the Championship. Really hopeful that the T/O rumours are true. TX has gone from hero to zero and there's clearly no coming back
What Albion are saying about Sam
Darren Moore has hailed Sam Johnstone as "the shape of things to come" after snaffling them from under the noses of rivals Aston Villa.
Johnstone is the first signing of Moore's reign and the Baggies boss is delighted to land the goalkeeper from Manchester United.
The 25-year-old has agreed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns, having spent the last 18 months on loan at Villa in the Championship.
It is understood the fee is in the region of £6 million.
"Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper they can possibly be - he's hungry to do that with us at Albion," said Moore.
"We've had them targeted from the outset and we're all delighted to have them on board.
"He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come."
Get ready for Gloria!
Auditions for the upcoming play presented by Actors' Mission is tonight!
Just don't blame Gloria…
This funny, trenchant, and powerful play, a current hit on Broadway, follows an ambitious group of editorial assistants at a notorious Manhattan magazine, each of whom hopes for a starry life of letters and a book deal before they turn thirty.
Then opportunity comes a knocking in the form of an unexpected, tragic but story-worthy event. Suddenly, an ordinary humdrum workday becomes anything but!
Directed by Christina Magagna
Assisted by Roy O. Handen & Tom Zuehlsdorff
.
Audition Information
Dates & Times
Monday, August 14: 6 to 9 pm.
Tuesday, August 15: 6 to 9 pm.
Sunday, August 20: 2 – 5 pm.
Location:
Elk's Lodge, 307 C Street, Rock Springs
Details
No preparations necessary.
3 males & 3 females – Millenials
.
About the Actors' Mission
Actors' Mission is a non-profit community theater based in Rock Springs, Wyoming. Founded in 2002, we have been bringing professional quality theater using all volunteer talent to Sweetwater County for 15 years. Our productions are free to the public, and we provide a free meal with every show. We host open auditions for each production, encouraging fresh talent from the community to get involved.
Follow the Actors' Mission on Facebook!
.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
Thinking back to when their late husband, the novelist Richard Power, was a civil servant, their wife, Ann, has remarked that those were the days when the Irish Civil Service must have been the biggest patron of the arts since the Medici, simply on account of the number of writers, artists and so on who worked for it.
This was in the 1960s. But it was nothing new: the connection between the two occupations had by then been well established. And 50 years later that same connection can be seen to be of such long standing and feature such a cast of noteworthy characters – some of them definitely Renaissance men – as to constitute a capsule history of Irish 20th-century literature.
In fact such a history would not just be a recitation of personages and publications but would illustrate certain questions central to Irish culture as a whole, questions dealing with expression and identity, with service and criticism, with vocation and duty.
But even simply to call the roll of civil-servant writers is to outline a lengthy and complicated lineage that includes such polar-opposite temperaments as Brian O'Nolan and Conor Cruise O'Brien; an ambassador, in Denis Devlin, who was path-breaking in their poetic practice; and two poets, Thomas Kinsella and Dennis O'Driscoll, who developed distinctive poetic standpoints while holding down day jobs in departments that don't appear particularly conducive to such activity, Finance and Revenue, respectively.
Civil-service writer: Brian O'Nolan (right), aka Flann O'Brien and Myles na gCopaleen, with the writer, playwright and National Gallery of Ireland registrar John Weldon, aka Brinsley MacNamara
Clearly in the works of these half-dozen alone there is a range of accomplishment that in its individuality and commitment forms a bold antithesis to any notions of humdrum pen-pusher that the designation civil servant might connote. And if the notion of civil service takes in institutions beyond those directly connected to Leinster House, Thomas MacGreevy's directorship of the National Gallery of Ireland, and the role of the poet Roibeárd Ó Faracháin as Radio Éireann's controller of programmes and the contributions of the novelist Francis MacManus as head of the station's talks and features, are also in their own way indicators of cultural trends and aspirations in mid-20th-century Ireland.
To these may be added the Civil Service careers of two more poets: Padraic Fallon, who worked as a customs officer, mainly in Wexford (and whose son Brian was an Irish Times journalist and critic), and Seán Ó Ríordáin, who put in a long stint clerking at Cork City Hall.
The Civil Service was seen as the cushiest of numbers – a view not shared by many of the writers working in it. One sign of discomfort was their assumption of pseudonyms
Back in the day when jobs of any kind, never mind those of the permanent-and-pensionable variety, were few and far between, the Civil Service was seen as the cushiest of numbers. But that view was not shared by many of the writers working in it. One sign of discomfort was their assumption of pseudonyms. As the case of Frank O'Connor illustrates, it was a discomfort based on vulnerability: O'Connor – real name Michael O'Donovan – took their pen-name to create a protective space between their position as a librarian and their budding writing career. Similarly, as they recount in Memoir: My Life and Themes, Conor Cruise O'Brien considered it prudential to publish their first book, Maria Cross, under the name Donat O'Donnell, not because the subject – modern Catholic novelists – was likely to precipitate a diplomatic incident but because of how book writing was viewed at work.
Civil-service writers: Conor Cruise O'Brien (second left) with their wife, Máire Mhac an tSaoi, both of whom worked for Iveagh House. Photograph: The Irish Times
On the other hand, Brian O'Nolan, then of the Department of Local Government, seems to have taken the name Flann O'Brien off their own bat; it was already on the manuscript of At Swim-Two-Birds when they showed it to John Horgan, their department boss (who themselves wrote under the pseudonym Andrew Cass). Horgan's reminiscence of working with O'Nolan (who wrote their Cruiskeen Lawn columns for The Irish Times under a second pseudonym, Myles na gCopaleen) dwells on the choice of name, not any perceived need for using it – although maybe that went without saying.
And speaking of writers who were in the same department, it's intriguing to imagine how the now forgotten novelist Joseph O'Neill, permanent secretary of the Department of Education, might have got on with the poet Máirtín Ó Direáin. Of course their paths might not have crossed at work, but in a departure from their usual historical novels O'Neill's final work, The Black Shore, combines lament and satire to depict a dying community on the western seaboard.
O'Neill is the comparatively rare civil-servant prose writer not to adopt a nom de plume; Mervyn Wall (born Eugene Whelply) rounds out the roster of noteworthy ones who did. And perhaps publishing pseudonymously was not merely a matter of personal choice by those writers but also had something to do with the fact that their medium itself has a more marked critical kilter.
Wall went on to a noteworthy career as a public servant, but this was after they left the Civil Service, which, like Brian O'Nolan before him, they couldn't stand. It doesn't take much to detect in the work of both writers signs of the service and their attitude to it. The major satirical target of Wall's famously hilarious Fursey novels is “the system”, whether witchcraft, statecraft or the God-almighty writ of clergy. As such the book follows the lead of At Swim-Two-Birds, a novel dedicated to a seemingly unsystematic ridiculing of the very idea of singular executive authority and hierarchical organisation.
Civil-service writer: Mervyn Wall, in their famously hilarious Fursey novels, satirically targeted “the system”, whether witchcraft, statecraft or the God-almighty writ of clergy. Photograph: The Irish Times
Richard Power, with a temperament unlike either of theirs, and who succeeded to Brian O'Nolan's departmental desk, also had a Civil Service satire in the works, a casualty, alas, of their untimely death. Philip Larkin's “Why should I let the toad work / Squat on my life?” comes to mind. But, as ever, there are exceptions, most strikingly, perhaps, some remarks of Thomas Kinsella's to the effect that the structures and principles they observed in their Civil Service job – “alertness, openness, organisation” – influenced and helped them at their other desk. These remarks occur in an interview with Dennis O'Driscoll – who is, of course, the example par excellence of somebody who maintained a balance between administrative duties and imaginative interests.
Not that O'Driscoll is the only poet to have been a long-serving civil servant: so also were Valentin Iremonger and Richard Ryan, both ambassadors. Anyhow, endurance is less the point than keeping a foot in both worlds, and O'Driscoll's breadth of knowledge and appreciation of the national and international poetry scenes is, in a way, a tribute to how well they must have managed their time. Not only that: if there were times at work when “my brain is crammed with transient details”, by saying so in a poem they turn them to artistic account. Maybe for a writer not to quit their Civil Service position – the novelists Leo Cullen and, in a way, Donal Ryan are other cases in point – suggests changes both in attitudes towards them and in their status generally.
The tasks that civil servants carry out necessarily sharpen awareness of language (both Irish and English) as a resource, an instrument
One way or another there is at least one common denominator that civil-servant writers share, and that is the emphasis of their duties, regardless of department, on language. Like the other professions – the law, the church, teaching, journalism – the bureaucrat is first and last bound by language. The man – and it is all men, Máire Mhac an tSaoi, like their husband in the department of external affairs, the exception proving the rule – with an ear for language will find that faculty being additionally fine-tuned by the statement, the position paper, the parliamentary answer. The kinds of tasks that civil servants carry out necessarily sharpen awareness of language (both Irish and English) as a resource, an instrument, at times a formalising agent and at other times a means of masking.
Conor Cruise O'Brien's clear and forthright style did not originate in Iveagh House, but theirs being external affairs' head of information did it no harm. It could well be, too, that this extra verbal attentiveness was rehearsed in exchanges between the higher-ups and those under them. Brian O'Nolan was told off for joking. And it's not too difficult to understand how important an ear might be for an ambassador, although undoubtedly that position could mute the muse – see Thomas Kinsella's In Memory on Valentin Iremonger. As for Kinsella himself, they have said that “composing a particularly difficult minute is not unlike the process of writing a poem”.
Civil-service writer: the poet Thomas Kinsella regarded the principles they observed in their Civil Service job – “alertness, openness, organisation” – as helpful at their other desk. Photographed in 1971 by Jack McManus
In 1952, as minister for lands, Thomas Derrig opined that “it was a pity that there was not now the close connection between the poets and the people such as existed fifty years ago”. The very existence – and persistence – of civil-service writers argues the opposite, however, but less simplistically. The allure of very different verbal spheres for poets and novels all too well versed in officialese might well seem irresistible, and not just because poets are supposedly “unacknowledged legislators”. Even if the likeness to which Kinsella refers is acknowledged, and the possibility admitted that others similarly placed experienced the same thing, the communicative difference is clearly not the same. And, of course, the effect on a reader of a fresh artistic perception is far removed from that of trying to get through departmental jargon.
The citizen of whom the writer implicitly conceives is not at all the entity whom bureaucratic discourse has in mind, so much so as even to suggest that the transactions between writer and reader is a more open version of the social contract than the official mind may concede. It's differences of this kind that place the civil-servant writer in a unique position. Instead of being seen as, perhaps, an eccentric case, they turn out to be an exemplary one, doing the State some service during office hours while in off hours opening windows for any and all citizens freely to frame overlooked perspectives and handsome views.
George O'Brien is professor emeritus of English at Georgetown University, in Washington, DC, and author of three memoirs, The Village of Longing, Dancehall Days and Out of Our Minds
With Republicans controlling both the White House and Congress, many expect major tax reform to pass this year. One provision almost certain to be included is child care assistance for working families. Not only did President Donald Trump make it a focus of their social agenda on the campaign trail, but child care assistance is often viewed as a bridge issue between conservatives and progressives — conservatives because it supports work and family, and progressives because it expands government assistance to the needy.
Republicans and Democrats should use this as an opportunity to pursue their goal of addressing poverty in the new Congress. It could be argued, as Republicans frequently do, that the War on Poverty has failed considering that the same percentage of Americans are poor today as in the 1960s (13.5 percent in 2015 vs. 14.7 percent in 1965) according to the official measure of poverty.
The federal government has done a good job of reducing material hardship in recent years, but there is no denying that too few poor Americans work. Child care assistance is one of the most effective ways to reverse this trend for poor families with children.
For these families, the affordability of child care can determine whether work is possible. Family responsibilities is the most common reason given for not working among poor families with children, even though almost half of financially struggling mothers say they want to work full-time. But when 40 percent or more of their earnings are needed to pay for child care — the average for low-income families — they may find it difficult to justify a job.
Meanwhile, our current system of child care assistance is failing to help most overcome this hurdle: only one-third of all eligible children in poverty and less than half of poor children under 5 receive child care assistance.
The just released edited volume, “A Safety Net That Works: Improving Federal Programs for Low-Income Americans,” from the American Enterprise Institute includes a chapter on how to improve America's child care assistance system. In that essay, I recommend expanding the child care tax credit to poor and low-income workers with young children as a way to boost employment rates and improve the quality of child care for poor families. For families with children under 5 (the most critical and expensive years for child care), the existing child care tax credit should be made refundable, providing it to families with no federal income tax liability.
Increasing it to cover a larger percentage of actual costs (50 percent, or more, up to $5,000 per child) and providing it in monthly payments rather than a lump sum at tax time would also make it more effective.
The advantages of using the tax system to provide child care relief is that it provides flexibility to parents who may need informal or off-hour care. It also recognizes that many families use a combination of parental and provider care to meet their particular needs. For many of today's low-income parents trying to navigate a volatile labor market, flexibility is key and the current direct-subsidy system may not be adequate to address their needs.
Other proposals, such as expansions of the earned income tax credit or the child tax credit, have also been proposed as a way to offset child care costs. But this would entail a bigger budget expenditure: a much larger number of families would be eligible compared to those getting a tax credit directly linked to child care expenses. To sufficiently cover enough child care expenses to induce work for those who need it, the total cost would need to be either much higher, or a more modest per family benefit would be needed, making the work incentives less effective.
A refundable child care tax credit provided in regular payments is a more reasonable approach that will provide the assistance and flexibility that low-income parents need to work and ensure that they can afford a safe and secure environment for their children.
Nothing can be more important than that.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_web-childcare.jpg
By Angela Rachidi
Angela Rachidi is a research fellow in poverty studies at the American Enterprise Institute. They wrote this for InsideSources.com.
Angela Rachidi is a research fellow in poverty studies at the American Enterprise Institute. They wrote this for InsideSources.com.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday:
1. PIPE BOMB EXPLODES IN NYC SUBWAY
The only serious wounds from the blast during the morning rush hour are to the suspected bomber himself, who authorities say was inspired by Islamic State extremists.
2. WHAT FINAL PITCH ROY MOORE IS MAKING TO VOTERS
Advertisement
On the eve of the Senate election, the Alabama Republican casts themselves as the victim of a national barrage of unjust allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers.
3. #METOO SPOTLIGHT TURNS TO TRUMP
Several women urge Congress to investigate their claims of sexual misconduct against the president, and a number of Democratic lawmakers demand their resignation.
4. HOW PUTIN IS CELEBRATING MOSCOW'S DEEPENING MIDEAST TIES
The Russian president declares "victory" in Syria during a surprise visit to a military base there, then travels to Egypt and Turkey, highlighting their country's expanded reach.
5. WIND-FANNED WILDFIRE FLARES ANEW
Ash falls like snow and heavy smoke forces residents to gasp for air as a Southern California wildfire spreads alarmingly, becoming the fifth largest in state history
6. WHICH RESEARCHERS HAVE HIT THE JACKPOT
Eighteen climate scientists from the U.S. and elsewhere are awarded millions of euros in grants to relocate to France for the rest of Trump's presidential term.
7. PENTAGON OPENS DOOR TO TRANSGENDER RECRUITS
Transgender individuals will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, after Trump's ordered ban suffers another legal setback.
8. WORLDWIDE, AN ECONOMIC UPTURN
The U.N. says the global economy is growing by about 3 percent — its highest rate since 2011 — and a significant acceleration from last year.
9. CELEBRITY CHEF STEPS AWAY FROM RESTAURANT EMPIRE
The move comes after Mario Batali says that reports of sexual misconduct "match up" to their behavior.
10. STAR QB SUFFERS SEASON-ENDING INJURY
The Eagles' Carson Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, has a torn left ACL and will miss the rest of the season and the playoffs.
Together again? Not so much.
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumors that they will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
"To put to rest any speculation or rumours as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow; I will not," Jackson said in a statement released Saturday. "Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon."
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy. Timberlake was Jackson's special guest during their performance at that year's game and ripped off a piece of their clothing, revealing their nipple. Timberlake later described it as an unintended "wardrobe malfunction."
Advertisement
The notorious wardrobe malfuction not deemed 'nipplegate'. Photo / Getty Images
CBS, which aired that Super Bowl, was fined $550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission, but the fine later was overturned.
The hashtags #JusticeforJanet and #JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl, at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday.
At a press conference on Thursday, Timberlake mentioned Jackson's name, along with Jay-Z and 'NSync, when talking about rumored guests to join them onstage. They were not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction.
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl, the decision triggered a backlash from women, minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced. Some argued that Jackson, as a black woman, fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake, as a white man, did, and they said they benefited from "white male privilege."
When asked during an interview last month if they and Jackson have since made peace, Timberlake said, "Absolutely."
They said they and Jackson have talked privately about what happened.
"I don't know that a lot of people know that," Timberlake said. "I mean, I don't think it's my job to do that, because you value the relationships that you do have with people."
-AP
Two other wrecks add to travel woes on Friday afternoon
Southbound freeway traffic was snarled Friday afternoon by an injury traffic accident near Garden Street, according to the Santa Barbara City Fire Department.
The accident occurred shortly before 4 p.m. on Highway 101 at the Garden Street offramp, said fire Capt. Gary Pitney.
A Ford Fiesta rear-ended a Chevy Camaro, resulting in head and neck injuries to the Fiesta driver, Pitney said.
The accident left only one of three lanes open — the slow lane — causing a major backup just as the Friday evening commute was getting under way.
“For people getting on the freeway at Garden going south, it will be clear sailing,” Pitney said.
The injured driver was taken to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital. Their name and details on their condition were not available.
Less than an hour later, an accident on northbound Highway 101 in the Carpinteria area brought traffic to a standstill.
The northbound lanes were reported completely blocked at Santa Monica Road by the wreckage, and one vehicle was engulfed in flames, according to the CHP.
Further details were not immediately available.
In a third incident that occurred at about the same time, Santa Barbara County firefighters responded to the 4000 block of Highway 154, where a vehicle fire had spread to the adjacent vegetation.
Traffic on the rural highway was halted while firefighters doused the blaze, which burned about an acre.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
WATCH: Ed Sheeran Performs An Exclusive Live Version Of 'Perfect' For Global's Make Some Noise!
Okay this was kinda beautiful...
Ed Sheeran's performed an absolutely STUNNING version of their latest single 'Perfect' exclusively for Capital on Global's Make Some Noise day, 2017.
Taken from their album that pretty much dominated the first half of 2017 selling over 2.2 MILLION copies, 'Perfect' performed live by the man themselves is well, basically... PERFECT!
> Download The Capital App To Catch More Exclusives From Global's Make Some Noise Day 2017
Global's Make Some Noise is Capital's very own charity, supporting brilliant small projects across the UK which don't normally get heard and which help young people and their families living with illness, disability or lack of opportunity.
> Roman And Vick Needed You - Watch One Of These Two Wrestle The Heaviest Sportswoman In The World
Capital is teaming up with our sister stations across the Global family - Capital, Heart, Classic FM, LBC, Smooth, Radio X, Capital Xtra and Gold - for Global's Make Some Noise Day, to raise money, give a voice to small projects that don't get heard and have a lot of fun doing it!
Last year we raised a massive £2.8million pounds for charity - and this year we want to top that figure and help even more amazing causes!
> P!nk Challenged Will Manning To Face Their Ultimate Fear & It Was As Brutal As It Sounds!
Last week, the majority of experts picked the Dallas Cowboys to knock off the Los Angeles Rams. The Cowboys were at home, the Rams were coming off an emotional win over the 49ers, and it was still unclear if Los Angeles was for real.
The 89 percent of those experts who went with the Cowboys were proved wrong when L.A. knocked off Dallas on the road. In Week 5, it's a much different story, despite the fact that the Rams are once again facing an NFC heavyweight, the Seahawks.
According to NFL Pick Watch, 56 percent of experts are taking the Rams to win on Sunday at home.
Here are some of the notable experts selecting the Rams in Week 5, and their 2017 records:
Louis Riddick (ESPN): 44-20
Nate Davis (USA TODAY): 43-21
Cris Collinsworth (PFF): 35-22
Will Brinson (CBS): 38-26
Peter King (MMQB): 37-27
Among those taking the Seahawks are FiveThirtyEight, Matt Bowen of ESPN, Pete Prisco of CBS and Mike Middlehurst-Schwartz of USA TODAY.
The Rams enter this game as one-point favorites, and it's the first time they're favored against the Seahawks since 2011.
The global aseptic packaging market was estimated at USD 40 billion in 2017 and is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 8% from 2018 to 2025. Aseptic packaging ensures filling of commercial product into a sterilized container. Significant demand from application industries such as, food, beverages and pharmaceuticals, and the eco-friendly nature of aseptic packaging are major factors that promote its adoption. In addition, the growth of the packaging industry in the developing countries such as China and India also acts as a key growth driver for the global aseptic packaging market.
The food application segment is expected to hold the largest share owing to the increase in the applications of aseptic packaging in products such as cups, trays, bags, and pouches. In addition, applications in the food industry are expected to increase in the emerging countries owing to the increasing acceptance of processed and packaged food options.
Asia-Pacific is estimated be the fastest growing region; with the increasing population, there is an increasing demand for food. Also, lifestyle changes in the developing countries such as China and India boost the demand for ready-to-eat and packaged food. Also, the demand for healthy and safe packaging is growing due to the increasing disposable income of the population. All these factors support the growth of the global aseptic packaging market in the Asia-Pacific region.
View full report @ https://convergedmarkets.com/aseptic-packaging-market-by-material-plastic-paper-paperboard-metal-glass-wood-type-carton-bottle-can-bag-pouche-pre-filled-syringe-vial-ampoule-application-and-global-opportun
The key players in the global aseptic packaging market include Amcor Limited, Bemis Company, Tetra Laval International, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Robert Bosch GmbH and Greatview Aseptic Packaging. Some of the recent developments by the key players in the global aseptic packaging market are as follows:
In April 2016, Bemis Company acquired the medical device packaging operations and related value-added services of SteriPack Group, which is a leading player of sterile packaging solutions for medical device and pharmaceutical applications.
This report provides an in-depth analysis of key companies and competitive analysis of developments recorded in the industry in the last eight years. In this report, market dynamics such as drivers, barriers, opportunities, challenge, and factor analysis has been discussed in detail. Key market players such as Amcor, Bemis Company, Tetra Laval International, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Robert Bosch, and Greatview Aseptic Packaging have been profiled to provide an insight into the competitive scenario in the global aseptic packaging market. Leading manufacturers of aseptic packaging are adopting strategies such as expansion and merger & acquisition to enhance their global reach.
Apr 24, 2018
The challenge in moving to a fully "green" economy now concerns harder-to-abate sectors such as trucking, shipping and aviation, steel, cement, and chemicals. To make the same rapid progress there that has been made in renewable-energy technologies requires the same type of forward-looking policies.
LONDON – When you buy your next automobile, would you pay $100 extra to ensure that the steel in it was made without producing carbon dioxide emissions?
Exclusive insights. Every week. For less than $1. Learn More
My guess is that most readers will say yes. Most people in most countries, including the United States, accept the overwhelming scientific evidence that human-induced greenhouse-gas emissions are causing potentially harmful climate change. Most people with decent incomes are willing to pay some price to achieve the zero-carbon economy needed to reduce the risks posed by climate change. And there is growing evidence that the total costs of that transition will be far less than the 1-2% of GDP suggested by Nicholas Stern in their seminal 2006 report The Economics of Climate Change. But, despite low costs, change will not happen fast enough without forceful new policies.
Renewable electricity costs have fallen faster than all but the most extreme optimists believed possible only a few years ago. In favorable sunny locations, such as northern Chile, electricity auctions are being won by solar power at prices that have plummeted 90% in ten years. Even in less sunny Germany, reductions of 80% have been achieved. Wind costs have fallen some 70%, and battery costs around 80%, since 2010.
As the Energy Transition Commission set out in its April 2017 report Better Energy-Greater Prosperity, power systems that are 85-90% dependent on intermittent renewables will be able by the 2030s to produce power at an all-in cost – including storage and any flexible back-up required – below that of fossil fuels. For power supply, Stern's estimate that the cost of going green will be very small has proved too pessimistic – the cost will actually be negative.
These dramatic cost reductions did not happen in a vacuum. They are the result of deliberate and initially expensive public policy. Public expenditures over several decades supported basic research into photovoltaic technology, and large subsidies for initial deployment, particularly in Germany, enabled the solar industry to reach sufficient size for learning-curve and economy-of-scale effects to kick in.
Contrary to simplistic economic models, the pace of innovation and cost reduction is not an exogenous given; it is strongly determined by governments' long-term objectives. On the cost curves economists use to rank carbon-reduction technologies, solar PV was, a mere ten years ago, one of the most expensive options. On the latest cost curves, however, it shows up as one of the cheapest. Strong policy support drove it there.
At the higher end of most published cost curves, we now find actions to decarbonize economic sectors where electrification seems impossible, difficult, or expensive. Emissions from the chemical reaction of cement production would remain even if the heat input were electrified: and installing carbon capture and storage (CCS) will add significant additional cost. Battery-powered flight may be possible over short distances, but for many decades – and perhaps forever – international aviation will require the energy density of a liquid hydrocarbon, and delivering that density with biofuels or by synthesizing hydrogen and air-captured CO 2 will probably always be more expensive than deriving it from oil.
Likewise, steel production can be decarbonized by applying CCS or using hydrogen produced by electrolysis as the reduction agent, rather than coking coal. But unless low-carbon electricity costs fall much further, the hydrogen route will remain more expensive than today's technology. And, by definition, adding CCS at the back of the process adds cost.
But not that much more cost. Estimates suggest that with already achievable renewable electricity costs, steel produced via hydrogen-based direct reduction might cost an additional $100 per ton – in turn adding $100 to the cost of a one-ton car. And these costs could fall significantly if, as is likely, hydrogen emerges as a major route to decarbonization across many sectors – including aviation (via synfuels), shipping (by using ammonia derived from green hydrogen instead of heavy fuel oil), and long-distance trucking (where hydrogen fuel cells may play a significant role).
Large-scale development of a hydrogen economy could drive the cost of electrolyzers onto a downward path similar to that observed with solar panels and batteries. And the cost of CCS could also fall significantly if government policies supported large-scale deployment.
The challenge is to replicate the stunning success we have seen in renewable power and batteries in the “harder to abate” sectors such as trucking, shipping and aviation, steel, cement, and chemicals. That will require a mix of carbon pricing, regulation, and government support for research and initial deployment.
Some of the policies require international coordination, but some could be pursued by countries acting alone. A requirement that all cars sold in either Europe or China had to meet a certified “green steel” standard, with the share of steel sourced from zero-carbon production increasing gradually toward 100% over the next few decades, would provide a strong stimulus toward steel decarbonization. If several major countries could agree on such a standard, or on the imposition of a significant carbon price, progress would occur even faster.
The technologies to decarbonize even the harder-to-abate sectors are now available, and the estimated costs are not daunting. If strong policies were introduced, the technological innovations and learning-curve effects unleashed would probably, as with renewable energy, prove the initial cost estimates to be pessimistic. If you are willing to pay $100 extra for your green car today, within a few decades the cost will probably be lower, but only if public policy forces the pace.
As one of the world's most experienced educators and the leading expert in Governance Consultation & CEO Selection in Canada, Chairman Of Board has been a major influence in a lot of decisions in the corporate governance world. Chairman of Board has been the frontrunner and top guide in the selection of CEO by top companies around the world. With their vast and deep knowledge coupled with years of experience in the corporate world, their service is second to none. One of the top clients in their list of clients is McKinsey & Co. and they offer advisory services to them on governance and joint ventures globally. They also offer services to Goldcorp, Invesprint, Strong co, First service and City Financial.
The role of boards in numerous companies has become increasingly complex in recent times and investors, academics, legislators, regulators and the general public are increasingly worried about the effectiveness of boards and directors. For both these reasons, many boards now seek the assistance of consultants to aid in auditing and reviewing their governance structures and processes, as well as to evaluate the overall effectiveness of the board and of individual directors.
The purpose of this company as the best in Governance Consultation Canada is to create an effective, entrepreneurial and prudent management skill that can deliver the long-term success of any company in Canada and beyond. Their belief is that the vast chasm between the Board of Directors and the management team can be bridged and it is an utmost goal for the company to bridge that chasm by helping in making informed and intelligent decisions. With an already developed toolset to help span those chasms, this company is ready to work. These tools will lengthen the odds that the strategic decisions made by the board and management will result in a longer term, sustainable competitive differentiation advantage (LTSCDA). Some of these tools range from “Top Ten Tips” to keep strategy at the top of the Board agenda to “The Chairs Three Critical Tasks: Talent, Tone & Time”.
Selecting a new CEO is the most important thing a board does. Choose the right one and everything else will be easier. Choose the wrong one, however, and it can be a catastrophe. The framework being developed by the consultation company in CEO Selection Canada ensures that the differences in the CEO job, described by A.G. Lafley the Chair/CEO of P&G as “a gear change” and by Sir David Walker, the former chair of Barclay's bank, as “nearly impossible” is built up. Once the board has considered the general differences in any CEO position it must then confront the challenge of what specific challenges their company will face over the next 5-7 years.
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingham City?
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp could be the surprise name to help ensure that Birmingham City remain in the Championship this season.
The Daily Mirror report that the former West Ham, Portsmouth and Tottenham boss could be brought in to St Andrew's for the final three games to replace Gianfranco Zola and help oversee the retention of the club's Championship status heading into 2017-18.
Redknapp has had roles with the Jordan national team and Derby County in recent months, but hasn't held down a job as a manager in domestic football since they left Queens Park Rangers just over two years ago after undergoing surgery on their knee.
Redknapp, who turned 70 this month, earned promotion from the Championship with Portsmouth and QPR, but also proved their ability to keep teams in divisions when they saved Pompey from the drop in 2006, earning the nickname “Harry Houdini”.
Also on the list, according to the report in the Mirror, are Brummie born former player Lee Carsley and free agent Nigel Pearson.
Adenna recently made an announcement concerning continued expansions made to its dealer support page, located on its website at https://www.adenna.com/dealer-support/ . The company stated that it is continuing to expand this page as a way to help Adenna dealers everywhere. Adenna indicated that the expanded dealer services include a claim form. According to the claim form, every effort is made to ensure that all orders are picked correctly and shipped according to customers' purchase orders. Adenna went on to mention that all freight logistics are coordinated with selected and authorized logistics carriers.
Adenna also mentioned that its expanded dealer support page includes links to several other documents. Adenna stated that these links include a blank purchase order, a credit application form, a return good and warranty policy, a return goods authorization form (RGA), a product image agreement, an Adenna medical gloves flyer, an Adenna auto mechanic gloves flyer, an Adenna industrial and food service gloves flyer, an Adenna sterilization pouches flyer, The Dental Advisor review of Precision and Miracle gloves, The Dental Advisor review of Adenna's sterilization pouches, and its new product catalog. Adenna shared that all of these documents are intended to better help dealers execute their day-to-day tasks.
Adenna also announced that all forms on the expanded dealer support site are available for download, and Adenna encourages dealers to save them for their files. Adenna mentioned that it realizes the importance of all of its dealers, and is glad to be able to help them in whatever way possible. Adenna stated that it views its dealers as an integral part of its team.
Adenna closed the announcement by providing information about its operations. Adenna stated that it has been marketing and distributing a wide variety of hand protection and healthcare products since 1997. The company also indicated that it distributes its products worldwide. In its concluding remarks, Adenna stated that it serves the needs of customers across a variety of industries, including the healthcare, dental, automotive, industrial, laboratory, law enforcement, safety, tattoo, sanitary maintenance, and veterinary care industries. Reviews of the hand protection company may be seen at https://www.google.com/maps/place/Adenna+LLC/@34.0309251,-117.5861543,11.07z/data=!4m8!1m2!2m1!1slatex+gloves+manufacturers+irvine+california!3m4!1s0x80c33564ced10649:0x6139f0d315fde49f!8m2!3d34.061596!4d-117.557321
CONTACT:
Alex Barnes
Company: Adenna
Address: 201 S. Milliken Ave., Ontario, CA 91761
Tel: (909)510-6999
Email: info@adnna.com
Website: www.adenna.com
Sunil Was Tired Of Fans' Continuous Questions!
Regarding their tweet, Sunil was quoted by TOI as saying, "I was tired of the fans continuous questions about whether I was going to be a part of Kapil's upcoming show, so I decided to answer it. But I had no intentions to fight with Kapil or say any nasty things about him."
Sunil Was Under Pressure!
"I remained silent even after the fight that took place last year. I never said anything. I was under pressure since few days as my fans kept on asking me if I am doing the show and I just reacted."
Was This Sunil's Publicity Stunt?
Just when Kapil is coming up with a new show, Sunil had a fight with him. Many of them thought that it was Sunil's publicity stunt! Regarding this Sunil said, "My reaction was genuine I just answered to a fan's query and there was no other agenda."
Sunil's Reaction Was Genuine
"People can assume whatever they want to I don't even want to react on this as I know it's not true. People don't even know what project I am doing. I just tweeted I am doing a project and it can be anything but suddenly everyone is busy assuming."
Sunil Is Worried About Kapil's Health!
When asked whether Sunil was hurt as Kapil called them a liar, Sunil said, "I am not hurt. I know they called me a liar and also said pehle hassa ke dikha logon ko.... I am worried about Kapil's health."
Is Sunil REALLY Concerned About Kapil's Health?
"Just look at the time of the tweets. How can I be hurt? I just pray to god that Kapil stays healthy and takes care of himself." Well, is Sunil genuinely worried about Kapil's health or they are pointing at Kapil's mistake (timing of the tweet and Kapil's alcohol issue)!
They Are Not Targeting Kapil
Sunil clarifies that they are not targeting Kapil. They say that they aren't prepared to return to a regular show since last year and has been doing live events, hosting award functions or reality show finales.
They Aren't Prepared To Return To TKSS
They didn't deny the fact that Kapil called them to return on TKSS. They added that Kapil even came home once and sent their two people to discuss work. But, they were not mentally prepared to return on the show after the mid-air fight.
Will Sunil Work With Kapil In Future?
When asked whether they would work with Sunil if Kapil offers them a show, Sunil said, "I don't want to live in imagination. This is a very hypothetical question and actually I don't have an answer. I think it's not the right time to answer this. I have work right now and I want to concentrate on it."
Sunil Grover
Kapil and Sunil shared a great bond until last year. When asked whether none of them tried to sort of differences, Sunil said, "We both are mature people and have even met after the incident last year."
They Don't Want To Do Mudslinging!
"There are many things that happened between the two of us since then, and I don't think I should talk about it. I don't want to do mudslinging. I worked with them on two great shows though it was for a temporary period. I will be always thankful."
It could be party time at Hayden Road tonight (Tuesday) as AFC Rushden & Diamonds look to wrap up automatic promotion in the Evo-Stik South League East.
Diamonds will be promoted if they beat Aylesbury FC and third-placed Hartley Wintney fail to win at Kempston Rovers.
However, even if both sides are victorious, Diamonds will still be able to toast elevation to Step Three as they are currently three points in front of and 15 goals better off than Hartley, who are now the only team who can stop Andy Peaks' side.
The mathematics are not something boss Peaks is concerning themselves with.
As far as they are concerned, if their players can pick up a fourth win in a row then the job they set out to do at the start of the season will be done.
Having missed out in the play-offs in the last two years, an opportunity to get the job done without them has now arrived.
And while Peaks knows there will be a big and expectant crowd on hand this evening, they insist “nothing is done” just yet.
Diamonds got back on track with a 4-1 success over Aylesbury United and then followed it up with back-to-back 1-0 victories over AFC Dunstable and, at the weekend, Cambridge City.
And, ahead of a huge night for the club, Peaks said: “I think the biggest win for us was the one against Aylesbury United because it got us back up and running.
“I don't think we stopped playing well during that run without a win but, in the last three games, we have defended solidly and when the chances have come in close matches, we have taken them.
“We need one more win to be promoted and we will be doing all we can to get it tonight. It could be another great night for the club.
“We had a superb following at Cambridge, it was great to see so many people coming out to support us and they helped push us on to another important victory.
“I am sure there will be a big crowd out to watch us tonight.
“But we have to remember that nothing is done, we just have everything in our hands.
“I watched Aylesbury last Thursday and they were beating (second-placed) Beaconsfield for a long time so they are no mugs.
“But what an opportunity we have in front of us to get the club to where we want to be after missing out in the last two years.”
—
MARRIAGE equality activists have been accused of creating fake profiles on dating apps including Grindr using photos of conservative MPs.
Nationals Member for Mallee, Andrew Broad, and Federal Member for Dawson, George Christensen, are among the politicians targeted by the fake profiles, according to the Daily Mail.
A photo of Broad was used in a Tinder profile describing them as a ‘Canberra based guy”.
Broad's office has reportedly contacted Tinder to have the profile removed.
Christensen's photos were used in a fake Grindr profile.
Both Broad and Christensen have been vocal in their opposition to marriage equality.
Broad controversially supported last year's proposed plebiscite.
“The government that I and a part of and will remain a part of is conditional on the fact that the only way that there will be a change to the Marriage Act in this parliament is a plebiscite,” they said.
The fake profiles come only months after dozens of MPs were targeted by fake Facebook profiles using their names.
MPs have been advised to be on the lookout for fake social media accounts and report them immediately.
After the Anzac dawn service, go out and enjoy a sunny rest of the day.
Mainly dry weather and mostly light winds is the forecast for most of the country, brought about by a big high centred over the country today.
MetService meteorologist April Clark said the ridge of high pressure meant settled and generally dry weather, with the only cloud in the western regions.
A "frosty start to a fine day" pattern for those east of the north-south mountain ranges is likely to carry through to Friday, Clark said.
Advertisement
Fine weather drew thousands to Anzac Day parades and services across the country today, despite a weak southwest flow bringing temperatures down.
WeatherWatch forecasters say the temperatures will warm up and most parts of New Zealand can expect a mild afternoon.
Except for some high cloud for the North Island and areas of mid-level cloud for Taranaki, it would be mainly sunny conditions for most tomorrow.
"Warmer weather pushes in ... and even more so on Thursday, with northerlies gradually developing towards the end of the week," WeatherWatch analyst Philip Duncan said.
"Once we reach Friday, a northerly flow will cover the country, with clouds increasing."
However, two lows will "swirl around each other" going into the weekend, bringing areas of rain and showers to at least half of both the North and South Islands.
TOMORROW
North Island: Becoming cloudy with a few showers in the eastern Bay of Plenty and the Far North. South Island: Cloud increasing with rain or showers possible for the west coast.
FRIDAY
North Island: Cloudy with rain developing north of Taupo. South Island: Cloudy with rain, possibly heavy, in the west and spreading into the east later in the day.
SATURDAY
Both Islands can expect unsettled weather, with heavy rain possible.
Music Buzz is a web page that has long been a hub for pop music lovers from all over the globe. The top 100 songs that they are preparing for each year has been a top hit for a long time. Even along the years many people had the same tastes as the creators of the site and therefore they were qualified enough as to intervene in a timely fashion and make the relevant changes. These guys knew even last year that such hits as Despacito will take the world by storm.
English songs are always popular but there is always room for great Spanish songs or even Italian ones. There is no saying when one of these songs will top the international charts and will be played on any beach in the world. People are happy when there are awesome new tunes that can be easily played without paying a dime in the process. Lots of Indian movie fans are looking for top Bollywood songs on the web these days as well.
They are in luck now because Music Buzz has created a separate playlist that covers all of the latest and greatest movies coming from Bollywood at this point in time. The lovers of the Indian drama and action movies now have a place on the web as to call home. Those people that love that and the Punjabi songs will become big fans of the MB web page. There are hundreds of awesome links that can direct them towards amazing sounds that they will love and add to the favorites bar.
There is no saying when the page will be updated next but that will be very soon. As soon as a great new song comes out then the top 100 songs page will get a bump. This is how it has been along the years and there are no plans as to change the way that the service currently operates. The founders of the site are happy with the way that it works and will keep toiling on the good job. They are always keeping their eyes open for the top English songs that can motivate the people and make their day a better one. Songs can be a very good motivational tool as to raise the spirits and keep the mood at an all-time high.
Contact:
Company: Music Buzz
Contact Name: S. S. Sharma
E-mail: admin@musicbuzz.io
Contact Person: S. S. Sharma
Full Address: C-461, jagdamba Vihaar, Dhawaas Road, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India – 302021
Phone #: +91-9413205420
Web site: https://www.musicbuzz.io/
Market Highlights:
Security orchestration is defined as the method of connecting security tools with existing security systems to better operate organizations' security operations. Technological integration with the existing tools allows enterprises to adopt advanced security technologies using both internal and external resources.
The key players in the global Security Orchestration Market are FireEye, Inc. (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Intel Security (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Huawei Technologies (China), Hexadite (U.S.). In the light of recent market developments, FireEye, Inc., a prominent player in security orchestration market offers solutions and services associated with security orchestration. The solutions offered by the company help the users improve their response time, minimize risk exposure, and maintain a process consistency throughout the security program. Cisco Systems is another significant player in security orchestration market. Their security orchestration solutions help enterprise network management team to manage all the operation related to the security program. They also provide security solutions for cloud-based application and minimizes complexity.
Get Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5994
The key factors driving the security orchestration market include the rapid deployment of cloud-based solutions, growth in the BYOD trend and increasing security breach incidents. Moreover, enterprises are deploying security orchestration solutions to protect the networks from data breaches and threats. However, a combination of security analytics with security orchestration can create market opportunities in future.
Global security orchestration market is estimated to grow at CAGR of approximately 15% during the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players in the global security orchestration market are FireEye, Inc. (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Intel Security (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Huawei Technologies (China), Hexadite (U.S.), Phantom Cyber Corporation (U.S.), Tufin (Israel), Swimlane LLC (U.S.), and CyberSponse Inc. (U.S.) and others.
Segments
The global security orchestration market is segmented into component, application, deployment, organization size, and vertical. The component segment consists of solution and service. The service segment is bifurcated into professional services, consulting services, training and education, support and maintenance and managed services. The application segment is bifurcated into threat intelligence, network forensics, ticketing solutions, compliance management and others. The deployment segment consists of cloud and on-premise. The organization size segment comprises small and medium enterprise and large enterprises. The end-user segment consists of BFSI, energy and utilities, government, healthcare, retail, IT & telecommunication and others.
Regional Analysis
The global security orchestration market is studied in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. North America market is expected to have the largest market share in the global security orchestration market owing to the presence of major players, well-established research & development center and demand for cutting-edge security technology. Asia Pacific region is expected to be the fastest growing in the security orchestration market. The growth in the region is attributed to rising adoption of cloud-based security solutions and need for advanced security solutions to combat cyber-attacks.
Access Full Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/security-orchestration-market-5994
Intended Audience
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
Software Providers
System Integrators
Independent software vendors
Consulting firms
Value-Added Resellers (VARs)
Managed Security Service Providers (MSSPs)
Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Market Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
Continued…
List of Tables
Table 1 Global Security Orchestration Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table 2 North America Security Orchestration Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 3 Europe Security Orchestration Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 4 Asia Pacific Security Orchestration Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Continued…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Global Security Orchestration Market Segmentation
Figure 2 Forecast Methodology
Figure 3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis of Global Security Orchestration Market
Continued…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Solutions, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Under Armour Inc. was downgraded Wednesday to a rare bearish rating at Susquehanna Financial, which cited the “reputational risk” created by the chief executive's praise of President Donald Trump.
Analyst Sam Poser cut their rating on the athletic apparel and accessories company UAA, -0.51% to negative, after being at neutral since Jan. 31, and at positive since Aug. 11. Only four of the 310, or 1.3%, of the companies covered by Susquehanna were rated negative through Tuesday.
Poser slashed their stock price target to $14, which is 35% below current levels, from $24. The stock hasn't traded as low as $14 since April 2013.
They said the main reasons behind the downgrade are the “reputational risk” created by the recent “sloppy” political commentary made by Chief Executive Kevin Plank, “too basic” apparel lines and the difficulties of building a lifestyle brand.
On Feb. 9, Plank called President Trump as “asset” to the country, prompting a backlash from some high-profile celebrities the company sponsors.
Don't miss: Stephen Curry has pointed reaction to Under Armour CEO's praise of Trump.
“Commentary by the CEO in a CNBC interview in a polarized political climate, and pointed response from Stephen Curry, The Rock and Misty Copeland make it nearly impossible to effectively build a cool urban lifestyle brand in the foreseeable future,” Poser wrote in a note to clients.
Curry said they agreed with Plank's description of Trump, “if you remove the ‘et' from ‘asset.'” Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson said Plank's words were “divisive and lacking in perspective,” and ballerina Copeland said “I strongly disagree with Kevin Plank's recent comments in support of Trump as recently reported.”
Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? (0:43) Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank is throwing support behind President Donald Trump. What this means for the workout-wear retailer.
Under Armour and Plank have followed with statements advocating diversity and an inclusive immigration policy. On Wednesday, Plank wrote an “open letter to Baltimore,” which was published in the Baltimore Sun, saying that the “choice of words” they used last week to answer a question “did not accurately reflect my intent,” adding that they believe immigration is a source of strength and that the company publicly opposes the travel ban.
“Regardless of CEO Plank's political views or whether their comment was meant to be a Trump endorsement or a general opinion, we believe the decision to express a view in today's highly charged political climate was a mistake,” Poser wrote. “In this case, perception is reality.”
Poser said he's also concerned that many of Under Armour's key apparel items, like the $55 hoodies, are “too basic,” leaving customers with no urgency to buy them. Their research suggests that Under Armour will lose market share in 2017.
Another challenge the company faces, Poser said, is that it is a relatively young apparel company that is trying to build a footwear business, and has yet to have any “iconic” apparel or footwear items. In comparison, rivals Nike, Adidas ADS, -0.66% and Puma PUM, -1.98% are established footwear companies, with iconic items, that have built apparel businesses.
“The developers in the athletic space tend to develop feet first,” Poser said.
Under Armour's stock inched up 0.5% Wednesday, paring earlier intraday losses of as much as 1.7%. It has now gained 6.4% since closing at a more-than three-year low of $20.47 on Feb. 7, but has tumbled 31% since the election and 45% over the past 12 months.
Don't miss: Under Armour shares plummet after earnings miss, weak guidance.
In comparison, shares of rival Nike Inc. NKE, -0.07% have tacked on 0.1% over the past year, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.11% has climbed 25%.
On Tuesday, Morgan Stanley analysts upgraded Under Armour to equal weight from underweight, saying the stock's plunge over the past year created a more balanced risk-versus-reward scenario for investors.
By Guy Adams
Even before the result of this week's referendum, Turkey's autocratic President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan enjoyed the trappings and lifestyle of an aspiring dictator.
Take, for example, the lavish official residence they had built on the outskirts of Ankara, the capital, at the expense of their ever generous taxpayers, according to Daily Mail.
Perched atop a hill overlooking the city and completed three years ago, the Ak Saray - White Palace - extends to an astonishing 1,100 rooms, some 250 of which are for the sole use of the moustachioed 63-year-old and their immediate family.
Decked out in every despot's favourite style, with marble floors, gold fittings and acres of red carpet, it's 30 times the size of the White House and is believed to be the largest palace built, anywhere in the world, for more than 100 years.
A reported £7 million ($12.5 milion) went on those carpets and another £5 million ($8.9 million) on 400 pairs of 10 ft high double doors.
Huge quantities of silk wallpaper were sourced at £2,000 ($3,500) a roll, while each drinking glass is said to have cost £250 ($450).
And there are so many spas, swimming pools, bathrooms and Turkish steam rooms in Erdoğan's quarters that the heating bill alone runs to £500,000 ($900,000) each winter.
And the cost of this vanity project? An estimated £500 million ($900 million) on construction alone.
Continued below.
Related Content Sideswipe: April 5: Inspirational Gareth Morgan Your Views: Readers Letters John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech?
That's not bad going in a country where, according to Istanbul's Bachesir University, two out of every three children live in abject poverty and more than two million people scrape by on less than £3 ($5.39) a day.
Set in ornamental gardens and floodlit at night, when it's visible to most of Ankara's 4.5 million residents, the White Palace sends a clear message: President Erdoğan covets absolute, unquestioned power.
Indeed, when Turkey's Supreme Court ruled in 2015 that this vulgar monstrosity was actually illegal - built in flagrant violation of environmental laws on the site of a protected forest, and despite multiple injunctions against it - Erdoğan opted to continue with the project.
Today, they can do a lot more. For thanks to a narrow win in the highly disputed referendum, Turkey's President can remain in office until 2029, and personally hire and fire both cabinet members and military commanders. They can also get rid of any judges who happen to upset him.
Their victory is not just a catastrophe for the West, and for Turkish democracy, but also for the thousands of journalists, opposition politicians, academics and ordinary citizens critical of their regime who are increasingly vulnerable to interrogation and imprisonment.
Like all textbook tyrants, this former semi-professional footballer, who entered politics in the mid-Nineties, has an extraordinarily short temper and a tragically thin skin.
We saw this recently in Germany, when they demanded that Angela Merkel's government prosecute a satirical comedian called Jan Bohmermann, who, on an obscure TV show, called Erdoğan a "goat-f****r with a small penis".
Shamefully, the German authorities - hoping to persuade Turkey not to turf out its 2.7 million Syrian refugees, who might then head to Europe - agreed to play ball, dragging Bohmermann to court under defamation laws, only for the case to be thrown out.
Here in the UK, we've seen evidence of Erdoğan's intolerance of dissent when they hired a swanky London law firm in an attempt to silence newspapers that had published unflattering articles about their 61-year-old wife, Emine.
Among other things, the expensive lawyers took issue with widely reported suggestions that Turkey's First Lady - mother of Erdoğan's four grown-up children - might have developed a shopping habit to rival that of another despot's wife, Grace Mugabe.
It was, they said, entirely untrue for newspapers to report that Emine - who publicly claims to have strict Muslim values and to live a humble existence - might be fond of white tea costing £1,500 ($2,600) a kilo. Or that they would ever drink it from gold leaf glasses.
Nor, the law firm wrote, is it remotely accurate to say that Mrs Erdoğan, who, according to Turkish state media, whiles away their days in the Palace kitchens humbly fermenting apples to make vinegar, ever shut down entire European shopping malls so they could buy designer clothes without rubbing shoulders with the great unwashed.
It was also, they wrote, incorrect to say that the First Lady - who made headlines after being photographed in a diamond-studded choker worth roughly the same as their husband's annual salary (she said it was a freebie from a friendly jeweller) - once blew more than £37,000 ($66,000) while browsing in a Polish antiques bazaar.
Perhaps the law firm's letter would have had more of an impact had they not also argued it was "defamatory" and "inaccurate" for British newspapers to report that criticism of Mr and Mrs Erdoğan has led to people being imprisoned.
Try telling that to the 81 Turkish journalists who went to prison last year for displeasing the regime - a figure that accounts for almost one-third of the total number of reporters imprisoned worldwide.
Or the 2,000 Turkish citizens who, according to Germany's respected Spiegel newspaper, have defamation cases pending against them for the "crime" of insulting the President.
Today, 152 journalists are thought to be languishing in Erdoğan's prisons, with 2,500 having lost their jobs.
They are the victims of the President's decision to shut down 180 independent media outlets - 28 TV channels, 66 newspapers, 19 magazines, 36 radio stations, 26 publishing houses and five news agencies - in the wake of a failed 2016 coup, which saw 71,000 people detained and 41,000 formally arrested.
Opposition reports claim that 6,000 academics have since lost their jobs, along with 4,000 judges and prosecutors, while 15 universities and 1,000 schools run by those who fail to toe the Erdoğan party line have been closed.
Meanwhile, the moderate leader of a Left-leaning Kurdish party, Selahattin Demirtas, is in jail accused of inciting violence and, as of February, more than 5,000 of their supporters had been detained.
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan began their journey to absolute power in modest circumstances.
The son of a tugboat captain, they spent their early childhood in Rize, on the Black Sea coast.
They moved as a young teenager to a working-class district of Istanbul, where they earned pocket money selling simit - sesame bread rings - on the streets.
Academically gifted, they thrived at school and university, where they studied business administration, and became active in student politics.
They spent their free time playing semi-professional football, though their strict Muslim parents persuaded them to turn down an approach from Fenerbahce, one of Turkey's biggest clubs.
After graduating, Erdoğan worked as an accountant, but devoted their free time to local politics, becoming a prominent activist in the Left-wing but socially conservative Islamist Welfare Party.
In 1994, they were elected as the fundamentalist party's Mayor of Istanbul, the country's largest city, where they oversaw popular measures to sort out the city's chronic traffic congestion, and less popular ones to ban alcohol from cafes on religious grounds.
The pivotal event in their political career came in 1998, when their party, which adhered to fundamentalist principles, was declared unconstitutional under long-standing rules designed to preserve Turkey's reputation for religious tolerance.
Around the same time, Erdoğan was handed a ten-month prison sentence for reading an Islamist poem at a party meeting.
The high-profile affair turned them from an obscure local politician into a hero of working-class Muslims, who, after their release, handed a landslide victory to their Justice and Development Party in the 2002 elections.
Cementing power with a mixture of hard-line policies that appeased their core voters - for example, overturning a ban on female civil servants wearing headscarves - and aggressive attacks on their opponents, who mostly hail from the urban, educated middle classes, Erdoğan would go on to serve as prime minister until 2014, when they promptly became president.
This has not just turned them into one of the region's most influential leaders, it has also made their family one of Turkey's most wealthy dynasties, despite their official salary of just £50,000 ($89,000). Some reports, which they deny, put their net worth at more than £100 million ($180 million).
Intriguingly, leaked intelligence cables released by Wikileaks in 2010 revealed that the U.S. suspected Erdoğan of enriching themselves via the privatisation of a state-owned oil refinery.
They also claimed that they controlled eight Swiss bank accounts and spent tens of thousands of pounds a year sending their children to top universities overseas. Their daughter, Sumeyye, attended the London School of Economics.
"Explanations that [the family's] wealth comes from wedding presents that guests gave their son, and that a Turkish business person is paying the educational expenses of all four Erdogans in the U.S. purely altruistically, are lame," Eric Edelman, a former U.S. ambassador to Turkey, wrote in one of those leaked cables.
Erdoğan denies all corruption allegations. As does their 35-year-old son Bilal, who was recently investigated for money laundering by authorities in Italy, where they live (the investigation was shelved at Christmas), and whose transport and infrastructure companies have flourished in recent years, helping them acquire a fortune estimated at £50 million ($89 million).
Bilal runs a shipping company, which in 2013 was accused of helping Islamic State smuggle oil from nearby Syria - they have robustly denied the allegation, saying: "ISIS is an enemy of my country. ISIS is a disgrace."
The affair blew up when independent-minded Turkish anti-corruption judges launched an inquiry into politicians and their families making fortunes from secret deals with the terror group.
During their investigation, tapes emerged of a phone call in which President Erdoğan appeared to be ordering their son to "make vanish" or "zero" millions of dollars stashed at a family home.
The inquiry came to nothing. Erdoğan, who claimed the tapes were part of a false smear campaign by political rivals, promptly ordered the sacking of 350 police involved in the corruption investigation. Several judges, lawyers and police were jailed.
At the time, their hard-line response caused a minor outcry.
Today, thanks to their disputed referendum victory, Recep Erdoğan can rest easy in the world's largest modern palace, knowing that by locking up hostile judges and criminalising dissent, they are merely enacting the will of the people.
- Daily Mail
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Access Control Devices Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Comet, OCOM, Siten, ZKSoftware, COHO, Weds, Couns, Nabon, Gloden, Tecsun.
The report begins with introducing the global Access Control Devices market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Access Control Devices report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-access-control-devices-market/5922/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Access Control Devices Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Two lines Type, Four lines Type, Five lines Type, Eight lines Type.
Access Control Devices Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Residential, Enterprise, Other.
Key points in the Access Control Devices Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-access-control-devices-market/5922/#inquiry
From all of this Access Control Devices market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Access Control Devices market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Access Control Devices distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
I try to only keep clothes I either truly need or love, that's why I have a relatively small wardrobe for a female of our specie. As the weather was starting to get warmer, I realized I don't have jackets for spring. I have one full-body coat and another smaller one–both for cold autumn/winter weather (I have one leather jacket which I don't really like so that's highly likely to go away soon) and that's it.
Since I do need these clothes and, if you don't know yet by now, we're a rather cheap couple, we decided to go thrifting at New York city.
NYC is, simply put, a shopper's paradise. There are a lot of thrift stores around: look/search well enough and you'll find one that suits your style and budget. That's exactly what I did a few days before the Saturday we set as Thrifting Day. After a few hours Googling and browsing Instagram, I decided East Village would be the perfect spot to go thrift shopping. Oh my goodness, I sound so boring. Let's watch a silly video already.
If you can't finish that video, I don't blame you at all. But here are the items we actually bought:
$18 Denim Jacket from NO RELATION VINTAGE :
$5 Tshirt-Dress (I guess?) from AuH2O THRIFTIQUE :
$25 Windbreaker from NO RELATION VINTAGE :
$15 Sandals/Shoes from EAST VILLAGE THRIFT SHOP :
And best purchase of all, Timmy's new $10 belt from (again) NO RELATION VINTAGE :
That's all. We could have bought more but you know, cheap. :3 Once our present clothes break/won't fit us anymore, maybe there'll be another thrifting post to come.
Advertisements
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Diddy sat with down GQ recently for their latest cover story. During the conversation, the mogul revealed their plans for an app designed to promote black-owned businesses. Though the app is in its nascent stages, Diddy explained why giving black entrepreneurs a boost is a passion project.
Related: JAY-Z Tops Sean “Diddy” Combs on Forbes Top Earner List
“This is not about taking away from any other community,” Diddy said. “We'll still go to Chinatown. We'll still buy Gucci! But the application will make it possible for us to have an economic community. It's about blacks gaining economic power.”
Diddy said that while social progress is important, gaining economic ground is inseparable from the goals of racial justice in America.
“I don't believe in passiveness,” they said. “At some point, there has to be some kind of fight. I feel like we've done a lot of marching. It's time to start charging.”
When asked what keeps them hungry.
“My culture,” Diddy said. “I want to be an authentic, unapologetic warrior for black culture and the culture of the street and how it moves. My thing is most importantly to change the narrative of the black race. I can't relate to anything that isn't about that.”
Is it possible that the US trade papers have still to get their heads around the international nature of the box-office business? This weekend, Variety ran an article under the headline “Why Vin Diesel and the Fast and the Furious Franchise Should Eye the Exit Ramp.” There was some talk about how the stories had got a bit stale.
But astonishingly, a large part of the argument was economic. Hang on. Didn't Fast & Furious 8 (“The Fate of the Furious” in the US) just clock up the highest-grossing opening weekend in the medium's history? Did I imagine that, with $532 million, the picture just edged ahead of Star Wars: The Force Awakens' debut? I did not. FF8 got halfway to $1 billion in just three days.
“Here's the thing, domestically, at least, the “Fast and Furious” series appears to be tapering off,” Variety half explained. “The Fate of the Furious' $100.2 million launch is a far cry from Furious 7's $147.2 million bow. It's the first time that a Fast and Furious film hasn't improved on the opening of its predecessor since 2006's Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift.”
Tyrese Gibson, Ludacris, Scott Eastwood, Dwayne Johnson, Nathalie Emmanuel and Michelle Rodriguez in Fast and Furious 8
Sorry? What? It is worth pointing out – as the article goes on to do – that Universal receives about half as much from a dollar earned in China as it does from a dollar earned in the US. But this is still akin to suggesting that the last Ed Sheeran album was a failure because only eight places in the top 10 were occupied by songs culled from its grooves (or wherever songs are housed these days). You may as well invite Star Wars to “eye the exit ramp”.
A most unusual path
The Fast and Furious franchise has vroomed down a most unusual path. The first film, released in 2001, did very nicely indeed without threatening the launch of any new empires. Some sequels fared well. Others fared very well indeed. Then, around about episode five, the franchise went ballistic. The seventh part (its box office, admittedly, boosted by the sad death of star Paul Walker) took $1.5 billion on its way to becoming the sixth highest-grossing film of all time. You can argue about the effects of inflation all you like, but that remains a stunning result.
It's hard to say exactly what plays disproportionately well overseas. Old-school butch movie stars go down well. US comedies very definitely do not
Given this extraordinary performance, we might reasonably have expected the new film to take a good deal less. Its final total will probably not reach that of its predecessor. But even the Reagan White House would have struggled with the voodoo economics required to frame this week's figures as the beginning of the end. Fast & Furious 8 was the number one film in each of the more than 60 territories where it opened. Its $190 million haul in China is the biggest ever for an overseas project.
Here's the statistic that really matters. The “overseas” opening (that's to say everywhere apart from the US and Canada) is an astonishing 36 per cent ahead of its closest historical rival. Jurassic World took $316 million two years ago. Fast & Furious 7 grabbed $430 million. By way of contrast, Part 8 is merely the 38th largest first-weekend haul ever in the United States. The domestic figures are a near irrelevancy when attempting to assess the new film's overall financial accomplishments.
The big Hollywood blockbusters now play on a spectrum from outright homers to overseas specialists. In two weeks we will get a film - Guardians of the Galaxy Volume Two - that, if previous performance is any guide, skews well towards the former class. In 2014, Guardians of the Galaxy accumulated 56 per cent of its takings outside North America. Furious 7 managed 76 per cent in “rest of world”.
This year's Resident Evil: The Final Chapter – another big hit in China – took an eye-watering 91 per cent abroad. The supposedly all-conquering Star Wars: The Force Awakens grabbed just 54 -per cent out here in non-America.
The Force Awakens may be the biggest film ever in the US, but it was nowhere near being even the biggest 2015 release in China. That title went to a domestic action-comedy Monster Hunt. The most successful US film of that year was – wait for it, wait for it! – a little thing called Fast and Furious 7.
It's hard to say exactly what plays disproportionately well overseas. Old-school butch movie stars go down well. US comedies very definitely do not. Both Star Trek and Star Wars perform poorly in relative terms. (Though the numbers involved with the latter are so enormous it hardly matters.)
Almost nothing does so well as entities that are both Fast and Furious. The franchise will outlive many of us. It's currently bigger than James Bond and he's been around for 50 years.
Get used to it.
Hawke's Bay's expanding export industry has resulted in Napier Port's giant container-packing facility hitting an all-time yearly record - packing 50,000 shipping containers.
Port Pack, which has been operating at the port for about 25 years, handles about a third of the port's container volume and Napier Port general cargo manager Mark Babbington said for the 12 months to June the facility packed a record 50,000 TEU (20ft container equivalents).
That was a rise of 4000 on the same period last year.
Read more: Napier Port breaks container record.
Napier Port hits log export record of 2 million tonnes
Insight: Napier Port bracing for more logs and more ships
Advertisement
""It was just four years ago we were handling 10,000 TEU or thereabouts. So, we're pretty much at capacity now with our current resourcing and we are now really focusing on what we can do to improve our operations and processes."
Mark Babbington, Napier Port general cargo manager with Dylan Turnbull, Port Pack manager. PHOTO / WARREN BUCKLAND
That had already involved changing the facility's layout and traffic flows to increase output and reducing handling outside the gates to reduce costs to customers.
About 98 per cent of the operation involved packing containers for export.
Port Pack operated rolling shifts between 6am and midnight, daily, with forklift drivers operating in teams of two, with pulp and timber collected by a 8-tonne forklift and then placed outside a container, before being pushed into place by a smaller forklift.
About 50 containers could be packed per shift, with about 120 packed every day, they said.
Babbington added that the Port Pack operation, along with the port's general cargo service dealings were major factors behind the Central North Island-based WPI pulp mill operation choosing to export its good from Napier rather than other North island ports.
Port pack manager Dylan Turnbull said the majority of the goods packed, mostly pulp and processed timber would be exported to China.
"I think our biggest challenges are working within our current footprint and keeping up with growth.
"We are an all seasonal operation, so we have consistent flow of goods, most from Hawke's Bay but also some from the Ruapehu district.
"Over the next month or two we will be reviewing our strategy going forward. As we grow we will be looking for more people, whether that's on port or off-port."
Port Pack's success was indicative of the 30 highly-trained staff working at the facility.
The port was also considering creating an app that would allow staff to enter data at containers rather than having to bring paperwork back to the office.
"We're looking to align our technology with what's currently used in the container operation industry."
The record comes just two weeks after the port announced it had exported a record two million tonnes of logs.
Traveling is always fun and when you travel with your squad, it becomes even more exciting. But what about the experience the solo travelers or business professionals had to go through while traveling? Well, to be honest, the act of travel for the corporate travelers has become quite stressful, credits to the travel hassles that somehow hinder their ways to a handy trip. How would one feel if the pressure at home or work gets continued even on the business trip? Yeah, it would be awful. The navigation through airport and hotel booking plans make everything more than troublesome for corporate. Ergo, at that point in time, one certainly feels the need for an appropriate online booking engine for corporate and enterprises simultaneously.
Without a second thought, online hotel booking systems ease the traveling by getting the best dealing options available. This way the booking portals help the professionals appreciate the stress-free itinerary amazingly. So, it is the time to get your offline travel agents a break and opt for a proper online hotel booking portal. By that, you could avail the following benefits like:
1. Get to book hotel of the choice even if it is full
The online booking systems are associated majorly with different hotels in various cities so if a business traveler finds their choice of a hotel full on visiting the hotel's website they can contact the booking portals that could help them acquire accommodation in their choice of the hotel along with enjoying the best hotel offers for b2b respectively.
2. Booking at cheap pricing and more amenities
As an individual, it is almost next to impossible to book a hotel at cheaper rates but as the booking portals are in bond with many hotel chains and they have bookings in bulk, they surprisingly could help business corporate book the hotels at a rate they wouldn't find anywhere else. Moreover, their packages also let travelers enjoy the add-ons and special amenities.
3. No worries to pay upfront
The most important benefit one can avail through online travel booking systems is to escape the pay issue. Unlike the direct bookings where the traveler has to pay the full amount to assure the confirmed booking of the hotel, the booking through online portal lets to pay even after the stay i.e. at the time of check-out.
4. Bound to experience good customer service
As the whole of the information is structured, organized with a clear-cut overview of booking and payments, it becomes obvious for corporate and enterprises to experience good customer service and delight.
5. Minimise your workload and stress
The best part about hiring an online booking system for a business trip is that one could escape all the workload and stress of booking and planning whole of the itinerary.
So, time to have an excellent online booking engine for corporate and enterprises like RoomsXpert that could deliver exactly what travelers expect.
Source:https://www.prlog.org/12690276-things-to-keep-in-mind-to-experience-hassle-stress-free-traveling.html
All Hours Plumbing and Drain's skilled and licensed plumbers deliver fast, affordable, and reliable maintenance, repair, and installation of water heaters.
[SANDY, 05/30/2018] – All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning understands how inconvenient it can be to have an inefficient, or worse, a broken unit. As such, the company dispatches technicians right away to provide water heater services.
Maintenance for Improved Heaters
All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning helps maintain water heaters to prevent expensive repair costs. It has the means to prolong the use and life of a water heater, as well.
With regular tune ups, the company can correct water sediment buildup. This issue can cause several problems and result in slow water flow, bad smell, and noises. All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning wants to ensure that the water heaters of residents run efficiently and that it lasts long as it can.
Efficient Services
The company's technicians can get a unit up and running again as soon as possible, ensuring customers resume their routines. They make sure that no resident endures cold showers and other inconveniences brought by water heater problems.
If a water heater becomes too cold and goes beyond repair, it may be time for a replacement. All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning can help residents in picking out a new water heater. The company's contractors also help install the new unit as soon as needed.
About All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning
All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning offers quality general plumbing services. Its services also include boiler repair, water heater repair and installation, water treatment, water softener and filtration, and more. The company's team of skilled and qualified professionals delivers the best possible service in Salt Lake City and nearby communities. Its contractors show up on time and finish the job on time and according to standards.
No plumbing issue can be too small or too big for All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning to handle. For more information, go to https://saltlakedraincleaning.com/ today.
MOJACAR Mayor Rosmari Cano, accompanied by Maria Luisa Perez, councillor for non-Spanish speaking residents, and Emmanuel Agüero, councillor for tourism, were recently interviewed on Spectrum, the local English language radio station.
Richard Shanley invited the mayor and councillors to their programme Almeria Today, which is broadcast on Spectrum FM Mondays to Fridays from 10am too noon to discuss local matters and give a round-up of 2016.
Topics of interest on which the council members and their interviewer chatted included the PaseoMaritimo (seafront promenade) and a planned relief road for the beach area, and Shanley did not miss out on the chance to question their guests on the council's position regarding Brexit. Cano and Perez both stressed that Mojacar intends to continue providing the same support and services to British residents as those offered to other foreign residents, regardless of whether or not the UK is a member of the European Union.
During the programme, Shanley and the mayor agreed to keep in touch and provide local English speaking residents with local and council information every other month. The mayor and their team also wished to take the chance to wish Mojacar's British residents a happy Christmas and New Year.
Spectrum FM Mojacar, Almeria, is part of Spain's largest English language radio network, committed to providing the local community with all the latest information. It has established itself in the years that it has been broadcasting as the local reference station, both for news and music.
A man who received a payout from their former employer and then boasted about it on Facebook has been penalised for breaching their confidentiality agreement.
Toi Moerua was ordered by the Employment Relations Authority (ERA) to pay a penalty of $1500 to container cartage specialist Massam Transport (MTL).
In a Facebook post dated February 13, 2018, Moerua said "I beat another a*shole employer in the employment court thanks for the 20k donation d*ickheads…lol."
Toi Moerua's Facebook post, according to the ERA.
The two parties had agreed on a settlement during mediation on February 8, after resolving an employment relationship problem Moerua raised after their position was made redundant, the ERA said.
Advertisement
The terms of the agreement were binding and enforceable.
Moerua offered two defences to MTL's claim that they breached the confidentiality of their settlement agreement.
First, they suggested that their privacy had been breached by people looking at, and copying their Facebook post.
Second, they claimed the employer referred to in the post was another company that they had worked for after their employment with MTL had ended, and not MTL itself.
However, the ERA dismissed both defences, ruling that by posting the message on Facebook, it was akin to a person talking in a public place or venue and being overheard.
The ERA also ruled that Moerua was unable to provide enough evidence that their post was not about MTL.
Moerua was also ordered to remove parts of the post by Monday April 23.
At the time of the decision, the post had received eight likes and 15 comments.
The Herald has contacted Moerua and MTL for comment.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The All Blacks will face South Africa next year at a ground they haven't lost at since 1970.
The Springboks will host the Rugby Championship winners at Pretoria's Loftus Versfeld in October next year, a venue that hasn't hosted the two old rivals since 2006. The All Blacks were comfortable 45-26 winners that day.
New Zealand have won five straight in Pretoria going back to the 1995 World Cup when they defeat Scotland in pool play. Their only defeat at the ground as a 17-6 loss during the 1970 tour of South Africa.
The All Blacks will host South Africa at Westpac Stadium in September, a ground in which the Springboks have won.
Advertisement
South Africa will also host the Wallabies in Port Elizabeth and Argentina at Kings Park in Durban.
Protesters demonstrate in front of a courthouse during a hearing for rapper Meek Mill, Monday April 16, 2018 in Philadelphia. The city's district attorney says Mill's convictions should be vacated and they should have a new trial. The announcement came during a hearing on Monday, but a judge is still refusing to release Mill on bail. Philadelphia-born Mill was sentenced in November 2017 to two to four years in prison for violating probation on a roughly decade-old gun and drug case. Jacqueline Larma AP Photo
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) — A Virginia man whose toddler daughter's body was found in a suitcase next to train tracks in New Jersey earlier this month is now facing charges.
Hudson County prosecutors say 37-year-old Travis Plummer, of Richmond, is charged with desecrating the human remains of 23-month old Te'Myah Layauna Plummer. But the cause of death remains under investigation.
The child's body was found April 11 just west of the Journal Square rail station in Jersey City in the PATH rapid transit system, which serves New Jersey and parts of New York City.
Authorities had been seeking the pair since last month, though they didn't believe they were in danger. It was thought Plummer may have relocated to Jersey City or Charlotte, North Carolina.
Advertisement
The FBI tracked Plummer to San Juan, Puerto Rico, where they were arrested without incident April 19. He's awaiting extradition and it's not known if he's retained a lawyer.
More Videos
0:57 Seahawks rookie CB Shaquill Griffin all smiles after starting in their 1st NFL game
5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener
2:09 Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on their fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener
2:23 Coach Pete Carroll on Paul Richardson's injury, more from Seahawks preseason opener
3:01 Michael Bennett on why they sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener
3:27 Gregg Bell from California on what to expect from Seahawks' preseason opener
4:03 Seahawks DE Cliff Avril after receiving foundation donation from United Way
4:21 Pete Carroll on Eddie Lacy, Thomas Rawls, Seahawks preseason opener
2:25 Russell Wilson on their passing, Rawls, Carson, more from Seahawks camp
5:20 Gregg Bell on what they saw, heard and thought of day 9 in Seahawks training camp
2:53 Rookie Amara Darboh jokes with Michael Bennett, talks being a Seahawks WR
Trump's retreat on China eases US business fears
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
BERLIN (AP) — Budget airline Ryanair says it is taking an initial 24.9 percent stake in an Austrian-based airline being set up by former Formula 1 driver Niki Lauda.
It plans to raise its holding to 75 percent.
LaudaMotion is the successor to Niki, long a subsidiary of bankrupt Air Berlin, which Lauda bought back after it fell victim to its parent's financial woes. It plans to operate scheduled and charter flights from Germany, Austria and Switzerland to largely Mediterranean destinations.
Ryanair said Tuesday that it plans to increase its stake to 75 percent "as soon as possible," subject to European Union approval.
Advertisement
It said that the total stake will cost it less than 50 million euros ($61.5 million), but it will invest another 50 million euros in startup and initial operating costs.
The author, 74, was diagnosed last year and underwent radiotherapy at the Royal Marsden Hospital.
Sir Michael Morpurgo has revealed a secret battle with cancer of the larynx.
The author, 74, was diagnosed last year and underwent radiotherapy at the Royal Marsden Hospital, they revealed on Wednesday.
They said they had “excellent prospects for a full recovery” and their voice was finding “new strength”, in a statement to the Press Association.
The former Children's Laureate had opened up about their treatment in this week's Spectator.
Sir Michael Morpurgo after they were awarded a knighthood during an investiture ceremony at Buckingham Palace (John Stillwell/PA)
In the diary entry they said: “By 74 it is easy to feel that you have seen it all, done it all, that nothing much surprises you any more.”
They added: “Even an unwelcome medical diagnosis does not surprise you. You cope because you have to. You know it's what happens to us all.
“You've been lucky all these years. Now it's your turn, stuff happens. That's life, you tell yourself, or the other thing.
“Friends and family much younger have been ill, and suffered long; some have fallen off the perch younger than I am now. I've been a lucky old parrot.”
They reflected on distracting themselves from the “whirring and clunking of the machine, those life-prolonging rays beaming into you”.
“Well, what and who, besides Marie Curie, did I think of during my beaming time, locked inside my plastic mask, down in the wonderful radiology department at the Marsden?” they said.
Sir Michael, who was a teacher for nearly 10 years, said they thought of their children, grandchildren, and great-grandchild, as well as the youngsters they had taught or had read their books over the years.
“They were all the hope I needed, lying there in that hospital being healed.
“It wasn't only the radiotherapy doing the healing. It was the memories of those children too.
“They helped me through, helped me to keep hoping, keep believing. They still do, every day,” they added.
In a follow-up statement to the Press Association, they said: “Last year I was diagnosed with an early cancer of the larynx and my perspective on so much changed.
“Suddenly the disease became central to my life at home, and to my work.
“It had to be confronted, dealt with, both surgically and psychologically.
“Now, with excellent prospects for a full recovery, with my voice finding new strength, I have time to look back at the whole experience, at how fortunate I have been.”
In September they cancelled a number of public appearances due to ill health.
© Press Association 2018
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Chimaobi Nwaiwu
The Anambra North Zone of Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB and Biafra Independent Movement, BIM, has affirmed that no one can stop the November 18, 2017 Governorship election in the zone.
Leader of MASSOB-BIM in Anambra North Zone, Chief Vincent Iloh who disclosed this in an interview with Vanguard said, the group has already perfected arrangements for hosting the founder of MASSOB and BIM, Chief Ralph Uwazurike, who will be visiting Onitsha on September 13th 2017 to address the people of the state on the need to participate actively in the election.
They said: “Chief Uwazurike chose the day 13, September because of its significance to the struggle for actualization of Biafra. It will interest you to know that it was the day MASSOB was born, in 1999, we will also celebrate the day in Onitsha, as all Biafrans from different states of South East, South South and Middle Belt and those residing in other parts of the federation to celebrate the day.”
“He will also tell the people and residents of the state that the governorship election will hold in Anambra state on November 18, 2017, because it has nothing to do with Biafra actualization agitation”, they said.
C4ISR systems provide command, control and communications for the air force to offer benefits in improving protection to the military forces, improve situational awareness capabilities and allow users to quickly analyze the environment in a combat situation. In addition, C4ISR systems provide finding, fixing, tracking, targeting, engaging and assessing (F2T2EA) for the navy to offer improve situational awareness capabilities.
One of the major factor driving the market is the increasing demand for mobile command systems. For instance, the U.S. involvement in wars in the Middle East has highlighted the necessity for systems to allow militaries to work in hostile and remote environments. Military forces require C4ISR solutions in order to improve situational awareness capabilities and allow users to quickly analyze the environment in a combat situation and prevent loss of life. In particular, ongoing threats of terrorism in the Middle East have enlarged the need for rapid deployable solutions that provide C4ISR capabilities to intelligence and military units. In addition, demand for C4ISR systems is anticipated to rise with the greater execution of Network Centric Warfare (NCW) rules and regulations, as C4ISR systems are basically used for observation and surveillance with the use of data and communication systems.
Report For Report Sample: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114593/C4ISR-Market
Surveillance and reconnaissance, computer, tactical communication, electronic warfare, command and control, and others are the various Application of the C4ISR market. The others sector includes radar, sensor, advanced electronically scanned array, GPS, and countermeasures. Among various application of the C4ISR market, electronic warfare held the major market share in 2016 and is expected to be the same during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025. Countries such as China, Brazil, and UAE are focusing on acquiring better C4ISR systems that include command systems, communication systems, radars, computers, EO/IR systems, and electronic warfare systems that aid in better protection of the military forces. Due to this factor, the market for C4ISR is expected to expand during the forecast period 2017 – 2025.
The control, command, computers, communication, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR) market has been segmented on the basis of end user into airborne, land, and naval. Among various end user of the C4ISR market, airborne held the major market share in 2016 followed by land and expected to be the same during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025. Global developments in the defense sector is indicative of the increased use of C4ISR systems for battle space management systems, aerial surveillance vehicles, and upgraded communication systems. In addition, ongoing territorial battles between North and South Korea, India and Pakistan, and China's efforts to assert complete regional supremacy should contribute in boosting the market for C4ISR during the forecast period 2017 – 2025.
By geography, the C4ISR market has been classified into six regions namely North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. In 2016, North America holds the largest market share in the C4ISR followed by Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and Middle East & Africa. However, in 2025 Asia Pacific will be the largest market for C4ISR market followed by North America. The APAC region is estimated to expand greatly during the forecast period. Countries in the region such as China and India have improved their military budgets and are gradually acquiring military communication devices which is likely to fuel the C4ISR market during the forecast period 2017 – 2025. In addition, Asia Pacific is anticipated to increase at the highest CAGR due to threats of war between various countries such as China, North Korea, Pakistan, and India. In addition, the threat of ISIS is another factor anticipated to fuel the demand for C4ISR in Asia Pacific during the forecast period.
Key players profiled in this report include Lockheed Martin Corporation (United States), The Raytheon Company (United States), Rockwell Collins, Inc (United States), BAE Systems PLC. (United States), Northrop Grumman Corporation (United States), General Dynamics Corporation (United States), Elbit Systems Ltd (United States), L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc. (United States), Thales Group (France) and Harris Corporation (France).
Request Report Discount: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114593/C4ISR-Market
The segments covered in the C4ISR market are as follows:
Global C4ISR Market: By Application
• Surveillance and Reconnaissance
• Computer
• Tactical Communication
• Electronic Warfare
• Command and Control
• Others
Global C4ISR Market: By End User
• Airborne
• Land
• Naval
Global C4ISR Market: By Geography
• North America
U.S.
Canada
Mexico
• Europe
U.K.
Germany
France
Russia
Rest of Europe
• Asia Pacific
India
China
Japan
Rest of Asia Pacific
• Latin America
Brazil
Rest of Latin America
• Middle East and Africa
United Arab Emirates
Rest of the Middle East and Africa
Report Analysis: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114593/C4ISR-Market
Synovus Financial in Columbus, Ga., rode strong demand for both commercial and consumer loans to double-digit profit growth in the first quarter.
The $30.7 billion-asset company said late Monday that net income in the quarter that ended March 31 increased nearly 39% when compared with same period last year, to $69.3 million. Earnings per share increased 44% year over year, to 56 cents, beating by a nickel the estimates of analyst polled by FactSet Research Systems.
Upcoming Webinar and eBook Provide Insights for Efficiently Managing and Maximizing Value of Unique, Diverse Digital Assets
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Nuxeo, developer of a leading hyperscale digital asset platform, today announced an upcoming webinar and newly available eBook providing enterprises with valuable information for efficiently managing and deriving the most value from evolving, complex digital assets.
On April 26th, Nuxeo, in conjunction with Henry Stewart Events, producer of the world's largest Digital Asset Management conference, DAM NY 2017, will host a free webinar on the future of Digital Asset Management (DAM). The webinar will feature how TBWA Worldwide, a top-ten ranked global advertising network, delivers breakthrough value to some of the world's largest and most prominent brands with a new approach to digital asset management made possible with the Nuxeo platform. The webinar will illustrate how this organization achieved the balancing act of centralizing the management of a diverse set of digital assets while still maximizing value for several different business units and brands. Details include:
WHAT: Webinar: The Future of DAM -- Enterprise Power Meets Departmental Flexibility
WHEN: Wednesday, April 26, 2017 -- 9:00 am PDT/12:00 pm EDT
WHO: Andy McCown, senior software developer, TBWA Worldwide; Uri Kogan, vice president, product marketing, Nuxeo. Moderated by David Lipsey, global chair, Henry Stewart DAM conferences.
To register and for further information, please visit https://www.nuxeo.com/events/future-of-dam-enterprise-power-meets-departmental-flexibility/
Nuxeo is further making available a complimentary eBook on issues organizations should be aware of when selecting a DAM system. Avoid the DAM Value Trap addresses 10 key questions enterprise decision-makers should ask DAM vendors and details the extensive changes that have taken place in recent years impacting solutions used to manage digital assets. The eBook also focuses on new channels used to distribute assets, as well as significant opportunities and threats in this market.
About Nuxeo:
Nuxeo provides a Hyperscale Digital Asset Platform that helps enterprise organizations unlock the full value of their digital assets to grow revenue, improve performance, and maximize investments. Over 200 leading organizations use Nuxeo for digital asset management, document management, knowledge management, and other content-centric business applications. Nuxeo is headquartered in New York with five additional offices worldwide, and raised $30 million in capital from Goldman Sachs and Kennet Partners in 2016. More information is available at www.nuxeo.com.
Read the Nuxeo blog for product and market news and technical thoughts.
Follow @nuxeo on Twitter.
Follow Nuxeo on LinkedIn.
Police officers at Wellingborough Police Station are appealing for the owner of a music collection to come forward.
The box of music CDs (pictured) was handed in at Wellingborough police station on Saturday, April 21.
The owner or anyone who knows who the box might belong to can go to Wellingborough police station, quoting reference number 18000183090.
by
Paul Reed Smith, founder and Managing General Partner of PRS Guitars, has received an Honorary Doctorate of Public Service from Maryland's Washington College. The degree, which was in recognition of Paul's significant achievements as an innovative and creative thinker, was presented to Smith by Washington College President Sheila Bair during a public ceremony on Thursday, April 13.
Paul was recognized for both PRS Guitars, their successful business that has been designing and manufacturing electric guitars and basses, acoustic guitars, and amplifiers for some of the world's most prestigious musicians for more than 30 years, and also their new cutting-edge company: Digital Harmonic, LLC, which marries art and science with developed image and waveform technology.
“Paul is a remarkable example of entrepreneurial spirit; a kid builds a guitar in high school woodshop and ends up as Managing Partner and Founder of the third largest guitar manufacturer in the US. Many would tell you that the company makes the best electric guitars that have ever been made,” said George Spilich, a professor of psychology and director of the Cromwell Center for Teaching and Learning at Washington College who treasures their own PRS guitar. “Now Paul is taking their expertise in signal processing and pivoting that knowledge into the creation of a signal processing company that has the promise of greatly improving medical imaging. If all that does not merit recognition in the business world, I don't know what does.”
“I am very appreciative to be recognized by the Department of Business Management at Washington College,” said Paul Reed Smith. “I hope it serves as inspiration to the students, that regardless of where you start, things are possible with determination, a plan and great work ethics.”
Paul joins a prestigious circle of honorary degree recipients that includes U.S. Presidents (including George Washington) and nationally renowned scientists, writers, artists, historians, and statesmen. Paul has visited Washington College on several occasions, offering master classes in music, and performing with the Paul Reed Smith Band.
Aside from Smith's professional success, they are also dedicated to giving back to the community through PRS Guitars' fundraising efforts for the Johns Hopkins Kimmel Cancer Center Living with Cancer program and their mentorship program, which they personally have delivered at dozens of area secondary schools and colleges including Washington College. The mentorship program, which is largely funded by Smith himself, focuses on achieving goals and dreams through positive work ethics and responsibility. Paul is convinced that if they can reach even one student at each program that it is worth their time and effort.
PASADENA, CA (CBS Local) – Flippy, the burger-flipping robot cook, has returned to a California fast food chain. The new and improved Flippy is looking to erase its rocky March debut, when it got a pink slip after just one day on the job.
Miso Robotics sold burger chain CaliBurger on the idea of replacing its kitchen staff with the patty-flipping robots in 2017. “We really think of ourselves as a technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers,” CaliBurger founder John Miller said at the time.
However, Flippy's 2018 debut didn't go as planned. The automated grill operator couldn't keep up with the demand customers at the Pasadena restaurant had for a robot-cooked burger. Flippy was shut down on March 9 after its first day when it couldn't flip enough patties or properly put them on the serving trays.
“We got a little ahead of ourselves,” Miso Robotics CEO David Zito told USA Today, admitting they “were overwhelmed by the response.”
Flippy the robot's burgers may be better than yours https://t.co/xEtdqfgPP4 pic.twitter.com/B4zdDUVxOm — USA TODAY Tech (@usatodaytech) May 25, 2018
After two months on the shelf, Flippy's creators say the robot is ready for the kitchen again. It's already handling the chain's lunch shift, cooking burgers for three hours a day, seven days a week.
“Now they move like a ninja and is more reliable,” Zito added.
CaliBurger says that it still plans to have the upgraded Flippy robots in 50 of its locations by 2019. Each robot reportedly costs between $60,000 and $100,000.
The robotics company insisted that their robot is not meant to put humans out of work and said humans are still needed to help Flippy operate in the kitchen. “Our mission is to improve working conditions of chefs and line cooks with assistants, not replace them,” Zito said via CBS News.
Reaction to ABC's cancellation of its hit reboot of “Roseanne” after star Roseanne Barr's racist tweet that referred to former Barack Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett as a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the “Planet of the Apes”:
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show.” — ABC Entertainment chief Channing Dungey, in a statement.
“There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing.” — Chairman and CEO of The Walt Disney Co. Robert Iger, via Twitter.
“I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste.” — Roseanne Barr, via Twitter, before ABC's decision was announced. In another tweet: “I apologize. I am now leaving Twitter.”
“Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!-I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people,and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet.” — Barr in a tweet late Tuesday.
“I'm fine. I'm worried about the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers who come right to their defense.” — Jarrett, speaking during an MSNBC town hall on race Tuesday evening.
“Thank you, @ABCNetwork. You did the right thing. There is not any room in our society for racism or bigotry.” — Civil rights activist and U.S. Rep. John Lewis, via Twitter.
“Roseanne Barr's comments were appalling and reminiscent of horrific time in our history when racism was not only acceptable but promoted by Hollywood. We applaud ABC for taking a stand against racism by canceling ‘Roseanne.' We commend the network and … Dungey for placing the values of diversity, inclusion and respect for humanity above ratings.” — NAACP president and CEO Derrick Johnson, in a statement.
“you can take @RoseanneOnABC out of racism but you can't take the racism out of @therealroseanne …” — Don Cheadle, via Twitter.
“Roseanne Barr's vicious personal attack on former Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarrett came out of nowhere and cost Ms. Barr and the entire staff of their program their jobs. @ABC/@Disney could not continue with the show without insulting millions of Americans.” — Bill O'Reilly, via Twitter.
“I'm glad Roseanne is canceled. The backlash to its cancellation is going to be a deafening nightmare. Nothing good has come of this entire thing.” — Kumail Nanjiani of “The Big Sick,” via Twitter.
“#Rosanne is who they tell you they are with every comment and tweet.” — Josh Gad, via Twitter.
“On behalf of all the writers and producers, we worked incredibly hard to create an amazing show. I was personally horrified and saddened by the comments and in no way do they reflect the values of the people who worked so hard to make this the iconic show that it is.” — ‘Roseanne' executive producer and co-show-runner Bruce Helford, in a statement released through their agent.
“We are all greatly distressed by the disgraceful and unacceptable tweet from Roseanne Barr this morning. What they wrote is antithetical to our core values, both as individuals and as an agency. Consequently, we have notified them that we will not represent them Effective immediately, Roseanne Barr is no longer a client.” — ICM Partners, Roseanne Barr's talent agency, in a statement.
“So proud of @ABCNetwork for having the ethical compunction to cancel #Rosanne despite the show's huge numbers. We too make a show about a middle class family , come and watch us instead #speechless @Speechless_ABC” — Minnie Driver, via Twitter.
“Thank you Channing Dungey!” — Viola Davis, via Twitter.
“But honestly they got what they deserved. As I tell my 4 year old, one makes a choice with one's actions. Roseanne made a choice. A racist one. ABC made a choice. A human one.” — Shonda Rhimes, via Twitter.
“For the record, this is Channing Dungey. Sitting on top of your world like a Queen in full judgement of your garbage and taking it out. #Roseanne” — Ava DuVernay, via Twitter, with a photo of ABC Entertainment chief Channing Dungey.
“This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member.” ”Roseanne” co-star Sara Gilbert, via Twitter. In another tweet: “Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in their actions to say the least.”
“I am hurt, embarrassed, and disappointed. The racist and distasteful comments from Roseanne are inexcusable.” ‘Roseanne' co-star Emma Kenney, via Twitter. In another tweet: “As I called my manager to quit working on Roseanne, I was told it was cancelled. I feel so empowered by @iamwandasykes , Channing Dungey and anyone at ABC standing up for morals and abuse of power. Bullies will NEVER win.”
“I support ABC's decision to cancel the show in the wake of Roseanne Barr's most recent reprehensible tweets. Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us. It represented the work of hundreds of talented people. I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by these abhorrent and offensive comments, and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs.” — statement from “Roseanne” executive producer Tom Werner.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street boss Kate Oates has quit the soap, saying they are "proud" of the storylines which aired under their tenure.
Emmerdale producer Iain MacLeod will take over on the cobbles in June.
Oates, who recently defended the soap's dark storylines, is moving into drama series production.
Recent Corrie plots have included a male rape storyline and controversy over a scene in which vicar Billy Mayhew took heroin in a church.
Memorable storylines during Oates' time in charge also include Eva and Maria's infamous catfight, Bethany's grooming plotline, the return of Carla Connor and Pat Phelan's reign of terror in Weatherfield.
ITV Studios' creative director for Coronation Street and Emmerdale John Whiston said: "Kate Oates has transformed Coronation Street during their tenure.
"This has been reflected both in the huge critical acclaim the show has been getting and in the ratings.
"We are now used to opening the overnights and seeing Coronation Street has delivered its highest ratings for many years, a Herculean achievement in this box set era."
They added: "Kate has done this whilst putting on screen some groundbreaking and socially important stories such as the Bethany grooming story and David's rape story.
"It is a testament to their brilliant editorial touch that these stories, though difficult, have been both credible and engaging.
"Meanwhile, Kate has unleashed on us one of the finest villains in soap history with Pat Phelan and their dastardly deeds."
They said the show continued to provide the "top-notch Corrie humour" it has been famous for and praised Oates - who began their role in April 2016 - for taking the show from five episodes to six episodes a week.
Former ITV drama commissioner Jane Hudson has been made executive producer of fellow ITV soap Emmerdale, which recently hit the headlines with a dementia storyline.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Oates, who will produce the second series of ITV drama Bancroft, starring Sarah Parish, said that working on Corrie had "simply been one of the best experiences of my life".
"I am proud of the stories we have told and the impact they have had - and I've had a ball working with one of the best and most talented teams in television," they said.
"I'll be forever grateful for this opportunity and all it has given me but I'm also excited to try something new."
They added: "I'll continue to love watching both ITV soaps from the comfort of my sofa."
MacLeod said "only Corrie could have tempted me away" from Emmerdale.
"It gave me my first job in TV as an assistant researcher many years ago and to be returning as producer is the fulfilment of a longstanding dream," they said.
Oates recently defended Corrie's dark storylines, saying: "We're telling stories and some stories are challenging and that's the way it's always been.
"You could be rose-tinted in your views of Corrie history and other soap history. There's always been challenging stories and we're carrying on that tradition."
LARAMIE– After a two-week break from competition, the University of Wyoming men's golf team is back on the road for the Paintbrush Invitational hosted by the University of Denver on Monday and Tuesday.
University of Wyoming sports coverage
in Southwest Wyoming is supported by these great sponsors:
Cowboys Will Face Tough Competition
The Cowboys will be part of a tough 12-team field at the 7,488-yard, par-72 Colorado Golf Club.
“After a run of three tournaments, it's nice to decompress a little bit, but we're ready to get back to work,” said UW head coach Joe Jensen.
“Frankly, both of our upcoming tournaments have very good teams so we're going to have to play hard and play well to be competitive. It's good to get on the road so we can prepare a little bit.”
Three-Consecutive Top Three Finishes this Season
Wyoming is coming off a third-place finish at the Mark Simpson Colorado Invitational, the third-straight top-three finish for the Brown and Gold to start the season.
The Cowboys were again led by junior John Murdock, whose scoring average of 68.33 is second in the NCAA this season among players who have completed at least nine rounds.
Murdock, McCullough, Workman Lead Team
Murdock has finished in the top five on the individual leaderboard in all three tournaments this season, leading them to receive Mountain West Men's Golfer of the Month honors on Sept. 28.
While Murdock's scoring average leads the team, senior Drew McCullough is second at 70.2 through three tournaments.
McCullough is coming off a tie with fellow senior Glenn Workman for 30th place at the Mark Simpson Colorado Invitational, where both carded 54-hole scores of 216 (E).
Workman, who received the Wyoming State Golf Association 2017 Men's Player of the Year award on Thursday, ranks third on the team with a scoring average of 71.7.
Pope's Breakout Performance
Senior Quintin Pope had a breakout tournament at the Mark Simpson Colorado Invitational, recording their first top-10 finish of the season with a 54-hole score of 210 (-6).
Pope's scoring average of 72.1 ranks fourth on the squad, while senior Arron Lickteig is averaging 73.3 strokes per round after a 57th-place finish at the Mark Simpson Colorado Invitational.
Freshman Carl Underwood was impressive at CU's tournament, using a second-round 70 (-2) on their way to a tie for 43rd place. Underwood and Dan Starzinski will be slotted in as individuals for Wyoming on Monday and Tuesday.
The Cowboys will face a number of talented teams at the Paintbrush Invitational including 2016 tournament champion Oklahoma State. At last season's event, the Cowboys took sixth out of 15 teams with a final score of 878 (+14).
Ryan Wallen tied for 10th place with a score of 213 (-3), while Murdock was the next-best finisher for the Cowboys in a tie for 31st at 221 (+5). McCullough tied for 34th place, shooting 223 (+7).
Starting Time- Live Results
The 2017 Paintbrush Invitational will feature a shotgun start at 8 am MT for the first and second rounds on Monday.
Tee times will start at 8:30 am for the third and final round on Tuesday. Live results will be available at the link above, while fans can follow @wyo_golf on Twitter for more information.
What just happened? A video game called Active Shooter has been pulled from the Steam storefront. The game reportedly started as a SWAT simulator but recently added school shooting scenarios that allowed users to play as civilian, police, or shooter.
Valve told The Guardian, “We have removed the developer Revived Games and publisher ACID from Steam.”
The developer/publisher was apparently just one individual named Ata Berdiyev. According to Valve, Berdiyev had previously operated under the developer name Elusive Team and publisher name [bc]Interactive. Under those accounts, they released Fidget Spinner Simulator 2 and Piccled Ricc. Polygon reported that the latter game was pulled due to copyright violations, and their dev/pub accounts were removed from Steam.
Active Shooter released only a few weeks ago, but on May 24, Berdiyev announced the addition of the new civilian and shooter modes with screenshots showing tallies of the number of civs and police killed.
According to The Guardian, shortly after the update went live, an online mob formed asking Valve to remove the game. The movement was reportedly headed by Ryan Petty and Fred Guttenberg, who had children killed in the Parkland school shooting.
The removal brings up hints of censorship and free-speech concerns. However, what most people forget about the First Amendment is that it only prohibits the government from interfering with an individual's right to free speech. Private establishments can create and enforce as many rules against speech as they want, but it is a tightrope that many are careful to tread.
"This developer and publisher is, in fact, a person calling themselves Ata Berdiyev, who had previously been removed last fall when they were operating as ‘[bc]Interactive' and ‘Elusive Team.'"
In this case, Berdiyev was not being prevented from creating their game. Valve was merely choosing not to sell it anymore. This was a business decision and nothing more. Berdiyev is still completely free to go peddle theirs less than mediocre “shovelware,” somewhere else.
Forbes summed up the situation very succinctly saying, “Active Shooter's developer had every right to make the game. You, as a consumer, have a right to buy and play it or not. And Valve, as the owner of the storefront, has a right to choose whether or not to sell the game in the first place. They chose not to. That's not censorship, as some are proclaiming, it's just a business decision — and likely a very smart business decision.”
Berdiyev was already skirting around Valve's previous ban. Their sub-par games have a history of relying on shock value for sales and rode on the edges of copyright law. Active Shooter was doing just fine ripping players off until they decided to add the school shooting update. The addition was like a big bullhorn saying, “Hey Valve! Remember me?”
Did the public outcry influence Valve's decision? Sure, but that has little bearing on whether or not Valve has the right to choose which products it sells. It is the same concept behind the prohibition of AO-rated games. Stores are not forbidden to sell AO games; they simply choose not to.
U.S. President Donald Trump faced renewed pressure on Monday to respond more forcefully to a violent white-nationalist rally in Virginia, after drawing a storm of criticism when they avoided explicit condemnation of far-right groups.
Trump had been assailed by Republicans and Democrats alike for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, in which a woman was killed when a man crashed their car into a group of counter-protesters.
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," Trump said in a statement to reporters at the White House.
Critics said Trump had waited too long to address the bloodshed, and slammed them for stating initially that "many sides" were involved, rather than explicitly condemning white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee.
A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges they plowed their car into protesters opposing the white nationalists, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people. The accused, James Alex Fields, was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday.
In a strong rebuke to the president, the chief executive of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, Merck & Co Inc, resigned from a business panel led by Trump, citing a need for leadership countering bigotry.
CEO Kenneth Frazier, who is black, did not name Trump or criticize them directly in a statement posted on the drug company's Twitter account, but the rebuke was implicit.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy," said Frazier.
Read More Charlottesville Hero Heather Heyer Used To Weep For Social Justice
Banner/Thumbnail Credit: REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce says they don't know if Aston Villa owner Dr Tony Xia is a patient man - but expects to find out soon enough.
Villa have enjoyed a mixed start to the new season and Bruce was left livid by Saturday's collapse at Cardiff City as they watched their expensively assembled side fall to a 3-0 defeat.
An opening day draws with Bruce's former club Hull City and a Carabao Cup triumph at Colchester United looked to have teed up Villa's trip to Cardiff nicely, but goals from Nathaniel Mendez-Laing (2) and Junior Hoilett sent supporters home angry.
And Bruce, who arrived 10 months ago to replace the sacked Roberto Di Matteo, is aware of the need to take Villa to the Premier League this season.
Speaking before Saturday's south Wales humbling, they told the Football League Paper: “It was a mess here.
“For a big club like this, with the history and tradition, it was hovering around relegation and it was inevitable it was going to happen.
“I could say the same about Sunderland. If you are down and around the bottom for three or four years, then it becomes inevitable you fall out of it.
“It all starts at the top. If you get direction, it filters down to the groundsman, everyone.
“Thankfully, I think we have some stability. The owner is desperate to do well. They call the shots. There isn't a big board of directors.
“I don't know if he's a patient man. I guess I'll find out. However, they understood, when buying it, that it needed repair.”
Bruce signed eight players in the January transfer window - if 17-year-old defender Jacob Bedeau is included - and a further six already this summer.
The signings of John Terry, Glenn Whelan and Chris Samba have raised eyebrows among some supporters due to them all being over 33, but the manager was able to offer an explanation for that.
“I'd love to be signing 26-year-olds. People are saying we're Dad's Army. But players are £15m to sign and fortunes in wages. We have had to be a bit shrewd.”
Bruce has got rid of Jordan Ayew, Rudy Gestede, Leandro Bacuna and Ashley Westwood among others and says Villa are in a much stronger position than when they arrived.
“There's still a job to be done. But I do believe I have the nucleus. I do believe the group is better, the squad is better than when I came last October and hopefully we will mount a challenge. I've been 20 years getting here, my biggest club in management. I'm not going to mess it up.
“I've not had much to do with the owner. Every time they come over (from China) we have a cup of tea and a chat. He's been very supportive.
“I would say pick a manager you trust and eventually they will get it right. The Fergies, the Wengers, all of these – even my time down the road at Birmingham. I had almost seven years there.
“The supporters at Villa have been fantastic with me.
They know this isn't an easy job, but the one thing I will do is give them a team that will mirror them, a hardworking team that cares.
“The fans want to see effort and graft and, hopefully, sprinkle a bit of star-dust on to it.”
A Republican refrain these last few years has been that the Obama administration went too far in policing Wall Street, resulting in higher costs and less choice for American households.
So in February, when President Donald Trump directed their administration to apply a lighter touch, the first move they laid out was a desire to empower consumers instead of regulators so that they could make informed choices when it comes to financial products and services.
On Monday, however, the Trump administration sided with Republicans in the House of Representatives who are seeking to eliminate a key source of information for Americans as part of a broad attempt to roll back post-financial crisis reforms.
The US Department of the Treasury formally recommended that Congress and the White House stop public access to a database that collects consumer complaints about financial companies, tracks responses, and records whether consumers end up satisfied.
Advertisement
The Treasury Department said the information should be available only to government authorities.
The proposal, if passed by Congress, "could create a bigger incentive for companies to take advantage of people," said Pamela Foohey, an associate professor at Indiana University Maurer School of Law.
Molly Meiners, a Treasury Department spokesperson, pointed to recommendations in the report as being consistent with the administration's core principle of empowering Americans to make informed choices. They added that the public list effectively placed the government's imprimatur on unsubstantiated claims.
Created by the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as a follow-up to the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, the complaint database includes more than 1.1 million reports filed by consumers across the country alleging wrongdoing by debt collectors, mortgage lenders, student loan specialists, and other financial companies.
Consumer advocates say the repository has had a big impact on the financial industry, in part because companies know the feds track whether and how quickly they respond to aggrieved consumers, regularly resulting in refunds and reforms of suspect business practices.
But it also ranks among the financial industry's top grievances about post-financial crisis reforms.
Posted allegations aren't investigated for accuracy, and regulators don't clarify whether they reflect claims of wrongdoing or gripes about otherwise legal conduct.
The government also regularly releases lists of the most complained-about businesses.
"It subjects companies to unwarranted reputational risk," the Treasury Department said in its report to the White House.
Meiners, the Treasury spokesperson, said the administration wants to seal up the database because it's "putting a government seal on an unverified complaint list."
But to Foohey, the database represents one of the few easy ways consumers can hold companies to account for mistreating them.
For starters, unlike filing a lawsuit, it's free to complain to the CFPB.
But more important, it sends a message to households that government authorities care about what they have to say, they said.
That in turn helps consumers believe that government is fair and working for them.
"Consumers feel powerless," Foohey said, citing research that found consumers typically don't seek legal remedies when they're treated illegally.
The CFPB database, they said, "gives people a way to do something about their problems when they may not have done anything."
Some say, however, that this proposed change is unlikely to become law. Analysts at Washington-based Compass Point Research & Trading said it was "highly unlikely" that Treasury's proposal would be enacted.
- Bloomberg
