April 6 Cipla Ltd
* Says Cipla USA enters into collaboration with Medrx
* Medrx is eligible to receive up to USD 30 million cumulatively through upfront and developmental, regulatory, and commercial milestones payments
* Medrx will also receive tiered royalties on the net sales of commercialized licensed products
* Worldwide licensing agreement (except for east asia) signed for development, commercialize of mrx-4tzt, a tizanidine1 patch for spasticity Source text: bit.ly/2ne6obe Further company coverage:
Keith Packard's latest work for Valve on improving the Linux display stack is on what he's exploring around "semi-automatic compositing" but at this point it's still a risky bet with the new protocol yet to be written.Keith is broadly working on trying to improve composite acceleration within the X.Org Server to reduce the number of copies needed to get an application's contents to the screen, being able to get the screen contents delivered on time and for the application to know that, and to improve this overall process.With timing being key in virtual reality to avoid motion sickness and the like, in cooperation with Valve he's working on making it possible so the Steam VR compositor would be able to reliably present content at known times and for knowing when that content was presented. Keith had previously been working on an "automatic compositing" idea but for easing integration for existing X window managers to support it, they are now pursuing a "semi-automatic compositing" approach.If you are interested in learning all the technical details about this new semi-automatic compositing plan, see the KeithP.com blog for all the details. This plan is still in the early stages and they are collecting feedback and trying to figure out if their design is workable, so stay tuned for more.
Students will return to William Carey University on Saturday and Sunday, Feb. 18 and 19, with spring classes slated to begin Monday, Feb. 20, following an EF3 tornado that tore through the campus Jan. 21.
Photo by Mia Anderson Overton, WCU
Demolition the Johnson Hall dormitory has begun at William Carey University – one of five buildings rendered a total loss by a Jan. 21 tornado.
Valerie Bridgeforth, director of student services, toured the various dormitories slated to reopen and was impressed with the progress that has been made. “It really does look and feel amazing,” they said Feb. 9 in a university news release.
Bridgeforth said students should continue to check their emails for updates on moving back to the Hattiesburg, Miss., campus. Students will be assigned times for moving back to help alleviate traffic problems and congestion since construction will be ongoing in some areas of the campus.
The following dorms will be open: Bass, Braswell, Bryant, Byrd, Davis, Futral, Polk and the Penton Street apartments. New dorms will be built near the Byrd-Braswell and Futral-Davis dorms.
Demolition of the Johnson Hall dormitory began during the week of Feb. 6, with the Tatum Court administration building and Ross Hall next slated for demolition; already razed are an anatomy lab and an art gallery/apartment building.
In order to complete the winter trimester after the tornado, many classes were moved into an online format, and face-to-face classes were held at the University of Southern Mississippi and local churches.
Garry Breland, vice president for academic affairs, said the goal is to move as many classes as possible back to Carey for the spring trimester. New classroom assignments will be posted on the university website and students will receive an email with updates.
The following classroom buildings will be ready for classes on Feb. 20: Fairchild and Smith halls (School of Education), the School of Nursing, College of Osteopathic Medicine 1, Mary Ross Hall, Thomas Building (physical therapy), Lawrence Hall, the new biology building, a portion of Green Science Hall, the art studio on Cherry Street and the library. McMillan Hall and Wilkes Hall will be open as well as the Student Center, the new volleyball facility and Common Grounds (the coffee shop on campus).
Photo by Mia Anderson Overton, WCU
Renovation has begun on the Thomas Fine Arts Building, one of nearly 30 buildings damaged and five destroyed by a Jan. 21 tornado at William Carey University in Hattiesburg, Miss.
The College of Osteopathic Medicine and the doctor of physical therapy program will continue to conduct classes at USM through the spring. Music classes will be held at Hardy Street Baptist Church while repair work continues on the Thomas Fine Arts Building. With the med school and PT programs staying at USM for the spring, their spaces on campus will be used temporarily for other classes.
Workers will begin moving furniture and equipment back into the dorms, classrooms and faculty and staff offices during the week of Feb. 13. Everyone returning to campus is advised there are many construction zones remaining and these areas will be fenced to ensure safety.
Spring registration for new students will be on Thursday, Feb. 16 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the School of Nursing building on William Carey Parkway. For more information about registering, call the Admissions Office at 601-318-6103.
Among the ministries and individuals who have come to the aid of the university, the Mississippi Baptist Foundation has contributed $25,000 to its tornado recovery efforts. Financial aid also has been received from the Mississippi Baptist Convention and the national Woman's Missionary Union.
William Carey is affiliated with the state convention and has campuses in Hattiesburg and Biloxi.
The January tornado, less than a month ago, left seven students injured and damaged nearly all of the 30 buildings the campus with five a total loss.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Mia Anderson Overton is the media relations and marketing coordinator for William Carey University.)
GLOBAL BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE MARKET is valued at USD 18.26 Billion in the year 2017. Global Business Intelligence Market is further estimated to grow at a CAGR of 8.43% from 2018 to 2023 to reach USD 29.67 Billion by the year 2023. North America region holds the highest market share in 2017 with Asia-Pacific region is considered as the fastest growing market in the forecasted period. At a country level, the U.S. is the biggest market in 2017 and it is projected to grow at a gradual pace in the coming years.
Get Free Access to Sample Report @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/Sample_Request/GENRE059
Oracle Corporation (U.S.), Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), SAP (Germany), are some of the key players in the Business Intelligence market. Rising research and development expenses to cater changing demand of end users, similarly, growth strategies such as acquisition, merger, and expansion of the distribution network were few techniques adopted by most Tier 1 and Tier 2 manufacturers in recent years.
The On-premise segment is expected to hold the highest market share during the forecast period. On the other hand, Unstructured Data type is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the year 2018-2023. As there is an adoption of the IOT and rising the demands for analytics in small enterprises is the main region for the generation of unstructured data.
Key Benefits for Stakeholders
Manufacturers Business Intelligence
Distributors and Retailers
Research and Consulting organization
Technology Standards Organizations, Forums, Alliances and Associations
Accessories manufacturer
Healthcare facility, private clinics, and Laboratories
Researchers, and Clinicians
Regulatory bodies, policy actors, and consumers.
By Deployment Model
On-Cloud
On-Premise
By Data Type
Unstructured Data
Semi-Structured Data
Structured Data
By Application
Supply Chain Optimization
Fraud Detection & Security Management
Predictive Asset Maintenance
Workforce Management
Operation Management
Network Management & Optimization
Sales & Marketing Management
Others
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
LAMEA
Key Market Players
Oracle Corporation
SAP SE
Microsoft Corporation
International Business Machines (IBM) Corporation
Alteryx, Inc.
Microstrategy, Inc.
Pentaho (Hitachi Vantara)
Information Builders
Qlik Technologies, Inc.
Tableau Software, Inc.
Read Report Overview with Full TOC @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/viewreport/60/31/Business-Intelligence-Market
[India], May 31 (ANI): The Shiv Sena on Thursday said that the party has no issues with former President Pranab Mukherjee accepting the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh's (RSS) invitation for an event in Nagpur, adding that there shouldn't be any controversy around it.
"Congress' Mani Shankar Aiyar earlier went to Pakistan and spoke to anti-India outfits. Other Congress members have also talked to outfits like Hurriyat. One may have ideological differences with RSS, but it is a nationalist organisation. If they invite the former President, there should be no controversy around it," Shiv Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut told ANI.
"RSS has contributed towards the welfare of the society. So, these discussions have no meaning," Raut added. Their comments come after Congress leaders Ramesh Chennithala and C. K. Jaffer Sharief wrote to Pranab Mukherjee requesting them to refrain from attending the RSS event scheduled later this month. Congress leader P Chidambaram also requested them to enlighten the RSS on what is wrong with their ideology. "Now that they (Pranab Mukherjee) has accepted the invitation, there is no point debating why they accepted it. A more important thing to say is, sir you have accepted the invitation, please go there and tell them what is wrong with their ideology," Chidambaram said at an event in Delhi. The former President will address the Third Year Sangha Shiksha Varga (SSV) on June 7, which is held annually at the RSS headquarters in Nagpur. (ANI)
Bunbury Cathedral Grammar School education assistant Trish Hartley perpares to shave science and HASS teacher Rob Brooksbanks hair and beard as part of the world's the greatest shave.
Bunbury Cathedral Grammar School education assistant Trish Hartley perpares to shave science and HASS teacher Rob Brooksbanks hair and beard as part of the world's the greatest shave. Picture: Jon Gellweiler
From an impressive beard and head of hair to sporting a new bald look, Bunbury Cathedral Grammar School teacher Rob Brooksbank cut it all off for the World's Greatest Shave last week.
Inspired by an ex-student currently undergoing treatment for Leukaemia, the humanities and social sciences teacher said the popular initiative helped demonstrate to students that anyone can do something to help or give towards a good cause.
“It felt like a good way to show support for the ex-student, their family and all people suffering from Leukaemia and other cancers as well as raising funds for a worthwhile cause,” they said.
Bunbury Cathedral Grammar School education assistant Trish Hartley shaves science and HASS teacher Rob Brooksbanks hair and beard as part of the world's the greatest shave. Picture: Jon Gellweiler
“Fundraising initiatives like the World's Greatest Shave also start conversations about issues within our community and helps students learn about the power of giving.”
Although the new haircut left Mr Brooksbank's head feeling cold, they said being able to help in a small way made it worthwhile.
“Even if it is only giving money, taking the time to speak to someone or in my case, shaving your hair, it all counts and helps build to something greater,” they said.
In their own way, Travis Konecny makes an impact in Flyers' win
In their own way, Travis Konecny makes an impact in Flyers' win Mar 18
Flyers' Petr Mrazek hopes to get call in return to Detroit; Red Wings reeling
Flyers' Petr Mrazek hopes to get call in return to Detroit; Red Wings reeling Mar 19
Sam Carchidi became an Inquirer staff writer in 1984 and covered mostly South Jersey high school sports and the Phillies before taking the Flyers beat. Carchidi has written three books: the nationally acclaimed Miracle in the Making: The Adam Taliaferro Story, which they co-authored with Scott Brown; Bill Campbell: The Voice of Philadelphia Sports ; and Standing Tall: The Kevin Everett Story , which was featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show. They also contributed to a 1993 Inquirer book on the Phillies. A lifelong South Jersey resident, Carchidi lives in Wenonah with their wife, JoAnn, and their two children, Sara and Sammy.
Flyers' forward Oskar Lindblom celebrates their first career goal while Capitals' captain Alex Ovechkin skates away.
If the Flyers meet Washington in the Eastern Conference playoffs, they have reason for optimism.
They made an emphatic statement by winning three of the four regular-season games against the Capitals, including an impressive 6-3 victory Sunday at the Wells Fargo Center.
Wayne Simmonds scored two goals and Oskar Lindblom tallied for the first time in their NHL career as the Flyers won their second straight and snapped the Capitals' four-game winning streak.
“It's huge, but we've just got to keep on going,” Simmonds said.
With the victory, the third-place Flyers, who were playing on back-to-back nights, moved to within four points of first-place Washington in the Metropolitan Division. The Flyers have nine games left, one fewer than the Caps.
The Flyers had lost seven of their last eight before regrouping and regaining their confidence by winning on back-to-back nights against host Carolina and Washington.
“It was critical just to get points,” said coach Dave Hakstol, whose team is eight points ahead of Florida (which has four games in hand), the team trying to climb into a wild-card spot. “These are basically all playoff games right now.”
Hakstol said the win in Carolina “maybe took some of the weight off the guys' shoulders, and coming in today, the focus was really good and clear.”
Added Hakstol: “We're in the middle of a battle here and every point we can gain is critical. To do that last night and come back with a real gutsy effort on a back-to-back against a real good hockey team, those are good points for us.”
In their four meetings this season, the Flyers outscored the Capitals, 19-11. That should give the Flyers some confidence if they meet Washington in the playoffs.
“We played them well all year, and I think it's important when you go through the season series that you learn about a team and you take that into the postseason if you play against them,” winger Travis Konecny said.
Lindblom's goal gave the Flyers the lead for good.
“Of course it feels good,” Lindblom said after converting a pass from Jake Voracek (assist, empty-net goal). “It was good timing in the game, too, to get the 2-1 lead. When I saw Jake with the puck and I had an open spot, I knew the puck was coming to me and I was going to shoot it. Good feeling.”
Lindblom and Ivan Provorov scored late in the second period to give the Flyers a 3-1 lead.
From the high slot, Lindblom beat Philipp Grubauer high to the left corner of the net for their first NHL goal in 14 games, putting the Flyers ahead, 2-1, with 1 minute, 41 seconds left in the period.
“It was huge,” said Shayne Gostisbehere, who gave the Flyers a 1-0 lead in the second period with their 12th goal and second in three games. “The kid is getting confidence and you can really tell. He's really going and Jake has been really building them up there.”
Provorov (plus-3) scored with 18.3 seconds left in the second to make it 3-1, firing a shot that deflected into the net off the shin of Caps defenseman Christian Djoos.
Simmonds deflected Robert Hagg's drive into the net for their 22nd goal, giving the Flyers a 4-1 lead with 18:23 left in regulation. The Caps cut it to 4-2 on Chandler Stephenson's goal with 9:29 to go.
But Simmonds secured the verdict, scoring from the high slot after a Capitals turnover with 5:33 remaining, increasing the lead to 5-2.
Simmonds had the 31st multiple-goal game of their career — and their first since they scored a hat trick in the season opener in San Jose.
“I thought we started the game off well and we just kept going,” Simmonds said. “You don't always get the goals, so you have to fight and battle for 60 minutes.”
Flyers goalie Petr Mrazek had been shaky lately, but they played solidly and made numerous big saves when the game was close.
“He was excellent,” Hakstol said. “When you look at back-to-backs like this, there's going to be some [defensive] breakdowns, and your goaltender has to be front and center, and I thought Petr was tonight.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
DETROIT — Jose Iglesias' two-run single keyed a Detroit's five-run sixth as the Tigers took advantage of Shohei Ohtani's departure following the second rain delay to beat the Los Angeles Angels 6-1 Wednesday night.
Ohtani, starting for the first time since May 20th, allowed one run ond three hits in five innings. They walked three and struck out five while throwing 83 pitches.
Tigers starter Mike Fiers was also knocked out by the second rain delay in the top of the sixth, allowing one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1. Dixon Machado grounded to short, but Andrelton Simmons' throw to the plate was too late to get JaCoby Jones.
A potent weather system will continue to affect the region today, with a slight risk of severe storms this afternoon and through the evening before the system moves out early Tuesday. Heavy rain is also possible and flood watches have been issued for some counties in Alabama and Georgia.
Columbus picked up 2.19″ rain on the first day of 2017, very close to a record wet New Years Day for the city (2.28″ in 1955). Rain continued through the night and early morning, and we can expect to see more showers and thunderstorms develop as we move into the afternoon and on through the evening. Activity should end over the area early in the overnight hours, with a dry stretch to follow and much cooler temperatures on the way beginning Thursday.
The First Alert weather team has designated this as a Weather Aware Day due to the threat of severe storms later today and the continued heavy rain. Our area is under a slight risk for severe storms, including a low tornado risk, late afternoon through the evening.
Exclusive First Alert forecast and webcast
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — An apartment fire in City Heights displaced residents in seven units early Monday, but luckily no one was injured.
The San Diego Fire Department was called to the 3800 block of Wilson Ave. just after 3 a.m. and quickly evacuated seven units of the apartment complex, according to SDFRD Battalion Chief Craig Newell.
The fire destroyed one unit of the apartment and caused some smoke damage to a second unit, Newell said. All other residents were allowed to re-enter the complex Monday morning. The Red Cross was assisting residents in two units displaced by the fire.
A smoke alarm could not be heard when firefighters arrived on scene and Newell reminded people to “get a smoke detector, get a carbon monoxide detector and check the batteries.”
It was unclear what caused the fire. An investigation was ongoing Monday morning.
They gave Indian cinema gems like Masoom, Mr. India, and Bandit Queen, before setting out to chase their dreams and desires in the international film world. Now pining to make a movie in their home country, Oscar nominated filmmaker Shekhar Kapur says their “big dream” in life is to make a movie series on Hindu deity Lord Krishna.
In a long chat with IANS over the phone from Mumbai, on a break from their shoot of a Bruce Lee biopic that he's helming, Kapur reluctantly spilled the beans about their next India project.
“I definitely want to make an Indian film, but I don't want to talk about it too much,” they said initially.
What's the subject? “Well, it's bigger than a subject… It will consume me for the rest of my life,” they said, still not giving out what it really is.
At the end of the tete-a-tete over their Bruce Lee film “Little Dragon”, their TV series “Will” on William Shakespeare, the changing economics of the film business and the Indian showbiz, Kapur finally opened up.
Trending :
“It's Krishna. It's my big dream to make a series of films on the life of Krishna. In today's context, the story of Krishna is really very important,” the 71-year-old revealed in the chat ahead of the festival of Krishna Janmashtami.
“Krishna is a lover, they are a warrior, he's eternal… Imagine being able to tell teachings of the Bhagavad Gita… To put all of that together… That moment when Krishna is revealing their truth out to Arjun on the battlefield of Kurukshetra when Arjun is unwilling to let go of the bow and arrow. To be able to put that on the screen will be incredible. Anyway, we will talk about that later,” they said, heaving a sigh of hope that this project will come alive in due time.
Their inclination towards Krishna as a subject becomes evident if one scrolls through their tweets, which often find a mention of the deity.
The last time we heard, Kapur had to scrap their plans to make their ambitious movie “Paani” — on water scarcity — in India. They were to make it under the Yash Raj Films banner with actor Sushant Singh Rajput, but it didn't materialize. There has been talk that they will now make the film in Hollywood.
“It's happening… The project has not fallen through. It just didn't get made with YRF for so many reasons… But the script is there, and the topic is so relevant. It has to get made,” said Kapur, known internationally for movies like Elizabeth, The Four Feathers, and Elizabeth: The Golden Age“.
Elizabeth, a biographical film on Queen Elizabeth I of England's life, won the prestigious BAFTA Award, leading the western world to take Kapur's vision as a filmmaker more seriously.
Reflecting upon their shift to international cinema, Kapur said: “I just wanted to tell different stories. Now it's changing in Indian cinema… But I remember when I went, everybody (here) was trying to tell those few limited stories that they could raise money for. I remember the money for ‘Bandit Queen' didn't come from India. So I went out.
“It gave me the opportunity to tell different stories. That wasn't possible here, so I left. But I'll come back.”
They hope the Indian film industry accepts the globally changing economics of movie business.
“Some years ago, I started an internet company called Qyuki based on the absolute certainty that the business is going to change. And the business has changed the world over. It's all going to go digital. Theatre business is going to be a very special segment,” they said, pointing out how OTT platforms like Amazon and Netflix are changing the game.
“And we (in India) have a very interesting business plan — we have only about 9,000 or 11,000 screens in India. How long can you go on making films for those screens in (majorly) four languages? How can you do that? It's a wrong business plan.
“But, if you look at smartphones, there are about 800 million…. So which platforms are you going to make films for,” they questioned, adding that eventually, moviemaking is all about storytelling.
“Everybody here is just trying to make films for 11,000 screens.”
Kapur stressed on the importance of making content “for the largest audience that you can manage to get”.
“The business plan has to go that way. The business and economics are changing, and people need to get a little more aware of it.
“People keep talking about the great rise of Indian cinema. But actually, the great rise of Indian cinema will happen now that we understand that it's not just the theatricals.”
Three pairs of Brazilian twin babies with different outcomes enabled research that revealed genetic clues to distinct susceptibility to virus infection
Neural progenitor cells (NPC) derived from congenital Zika syndrome (CZS) affected and non-affected twins show different rates of virus infection and different RNA expression of genes associated to neural development. The expression imbalance happens even before the infection with the Zika virus in vitro. These results confirm the hypothesis of a genetic or epigenetic influence on susceptibility to CZS and microcephaly. The findings were published in Nature Communications on Friday, 2 February 2018.
The researchers, lead by dr. Mayana Zatz and Maria Rita Passos-Bueno - geneticists from the Human Genome and Stem Cell Research Center from the University of São Paulo (USP) -, also concluded that a single gene cannot explain the cases of CSZ development nor the brain resistance to Zika virus.
About 6% to 12% of the babies born from mothers infected with the Zika virus during pregnancy will have the CZS. Why not all of them are affected by the syndrome is yet to be explained. This study shed lights on the genetic components associated to it.
"If the baby has these genetic susceptibility factors, we believe they will not have microcephaly unless they are infected by the Zika virus. Maybe we can identify these people and prioritize them in a future vaccine strategy", says dr. Mayana Zatz.
Twins as a clue to genetic studies
Twins provide unique information to answer whether a certain condition has an environmental or a genetic cause. If genetic factors are determinant to a congenital disease, there must be more concordance between the pair of identical (monozygotic) twin babies than between the non-identical or dizygotic twins. Identical siblings should be more often both affected, than dizygotic twins that will be more likely "discordant" (one affected and one non-affected).
If the environment leads to the condition, the pattern observed in the two siblings of non-identical will be the same as observed in identical twins. It means that either none of the siblings will be affected, or both, or just one of them, independently of being monozygotic or dizygotic.
Search for twins
The study started in 2016, during Zika epidemics in Brazil. Mayana Zatz and their team looked for twins in which at least one baby had microcephaly. They accomplished to get in touch with families from 9 pairs of twins from 6 Brazilian states.
Two pairs were identical twins, with both affected; one pair was non-identical but also had both affected; and 6 pairs were non-identical and discordant - one affected and one unaffected. This first scenario contributed to the hypothesis of genetic influence on Zika infection during fetal development.
Experiments
From these babies, three pairs of non-identical, discordant twins had their blood samples collected and used to generate human induced pluripotent stem cells (hiPSC) - cells that can produce almost any other type of cell. Later, the hiPSC were transformed into neural progenitor cells (NPC) - these can lead to the cells that form the brain and other parts of the central nervous system.
The NPCs were infected with a Brazilian Zika virus strain. After four days, the plaques with cells derived from the affected babies had significanlty fewer cells than the plaques from the non-affected ones. Analysis of neurospheres - cells grown in 3D structures - showed similar growth impairment from the affected twins' cells. Non-infected cultures from affected and non-affected derived NPCs used as control presented no differences after the same time.
Using a fluorescence technique, researchers observed a larger amount of Zika virus in cells derived from affected babies compared to the cells from the healthy ones. More experiments pointed that the neural progenitor cells from babies with the syndrome produced significantly more viral RNA copies and more viral unities capable of infection. In short, they were more infected and did not proliferate as much as the cells from their protected siblings.
"In the laboratory, the cells mimicked what happened with the babies. Also, the results were the same for the three pairs of twins. We demonstrated that the infection is not random. It reinforces our hypothesis of a genetic component increasing the susceptibility to congenital Zika syndrome", says dr. Zatz.
Mechanisms
In order to identify this possible genetic component, the team analyzed all the gene sequence from 8 pairs of twins and 10 other babies that developed the Zika syndrome as compared to normal controls. The exome analysis did not identify one gene variation capable of determining, alone, the susceptibility to the infection - instead, it excluded this possibility.
The RNA sequencing came next. It allows scientists to measure gene expression - which genes are silenced or which are activated and sending messages to produce proteins in the cell. This is different from the previous DNA sequencing,that shows how genes are but not how they express themselves
The RNA test from the 6 twins indicated a group of genes capable of distinguishing the more susceptible cells from the more resistant ones. The largest alteration occurred with DDIT4L gene, 12.6 times less expressed in the affected cells. Its related protein is an inhibitor of mTor signaling - a pathway involved in cell growth and cell death. Previous studies associated the mTor pathway and Zika virus replication.
The RNA sequencing also detected lower expressions of FOXG1 and LHX2 genes in the cells from babies with CZS. These genes participate in the brain regionalization process - characterized by the development of cerebral areas during fetus growth. FOXG1 has also been linked to congenital brain disorders. The LHX2 gene, 9,6 times less present in affected cells, is responsible for attenuating the Wnt signaling, engaged in neural differentiation.
In conclusion, the results indicate that the development of the Zika syndrome in babies is not aleatory, it depends on neural progenitor cells susceptibility. It is possibly related to variants in several genes or to mechanisms that control gene expression and protein production.
###
EMBARGOED: 02-FEB-2018 10:00 London time (GMT) / 05:00 US Eastern Time (ET) 19:00 Japanese time / 21:00 Australian Eastern Time
Discordant congenital Zika syndrome twins show differential in vitro viral susceptibility of neural progenitor cells
Study first authors include Luiz Carlos de Caires Junior, Ernesto Goulart and Uirá Souto Melo, from the Human Genome and Stem Cell Research Center - USP, and Bruno Henrique Silva Araujo, from the Brazilian Biosciences National Laboratory (LNBio). The work was coordinated by Maria Rita Passos-Bueno and Mayana Zatz, from the Human Genome and Stem Cell Research Center - USP.
This study was supported by grants from FAPESP, CNPq and AACD.
For news media only:
Source contact info:
Corresponding author
Mayana Zatz
mayazatz@usp.br
**Interviews can be performed in English, Portuguese and French.
Media Contact:
Brasil
Núcleo de Divulgação Científica da USP
55-11-2648-1422 / 1423
Other countries
Ana Paula Chinelli
Mobile +49 171 114 5483
WhatsApp +55 11 97205-1612
anachinelliusp@gmail.com
Suggested figures to be found in the article
Fig.1 g
Computed tomography scans from two pairs of twins participant in the study show typical abnormalities (second and forth images) associated with congenital Zika syndrome and microcephaly.
Fig.2 h
Neurospheres produced from cells of babies affected by congenital Zika syndrome and later infected with Zika virus grow less than neurospheres from the non-affected. This can be seen by comparing the size of the spheres on the top figures (non-affected - they are larger) with the size of the spheres on the bottom figures (affected - the small spheres are more abundant).
fig .3 e
Cells derived from babies born with the congenital Zika syndrome and later infected with Zika virus (4th column) have larger quantity of virus (red stains) than cells derived from 'healthy' babies (2nd column). Blue stains show cell nuclei. The first and the third column are control groups, not infected with the virus.
March 31 Triumph Group Inc
* Triumph to supply composite rudder components for Airbus A350 XWB in deal with HHACMC
* Contract valued at approximately $26 million
* Contract covers delivery of 700 shipsets of rudder component kits over next 5-7 years for A350 XWB program
* Leveraged recent investments in Thailand facility to increase capability, expand capacity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Fuel-efficient micro-hybrid for the Golf
New 130 PS petrol engine is as efficient as a diesel
Progress makes the impossible possible. This is exemplified by a petrol engine like no other before it: a petrol engine that offers diesel-like fuel economy but is significantly cheaper to buy. A petrol engine that during the journey occasionally simply switches off two of its four cylinders or even takes a complete break. A petrol engine that combines supreme torque with low emissions. Volkswagen has developed such an engine: the new 1.5 TSI ACT BlueMotion. It has an output of 96 kW / 130 PS and is currently already powering the Golf1/2 and Golf Variant3/4. In the future, the efficient 1.5 TSI ACT BlueMotion will also be available for other Volkswagen models.
Greater efficiency. The combined fuel consumption of a Golf 1.5 TSI ACT BlueMotion is just 4.8 l/100 km. The NEDC extra-urban figure drops to 4.0 l/100 km/h (DSG: 4.1 l/100 km). Every driver can achieve low fuel consumption figures with this 1.5-litre engine, as it is 10 per cent more efficient than comparable petrol engines. Volkswagen achieves this benefit through the new TSI Miller combustion process and the use of a high-tech turbocharger with variable turbine geometry (VTG). The four-cylinder engine is particularly conservative in its use of fuel whenever the Golf is being driven with good anticipation and within the partial load range. Then the new engine either deactivates some cylinders (Active Cylinder Management - ACT) or completely shuts itself off ('eco-coasting' micro-hybrid mode).
Active Cylinder Management - ACT. Whenever possible, Active Cylinder Management – called ACT for short – deactivates the two inner cylinders. It always does this at times when power demand is low. The deactivation function operates within an engine speed range of 1,400 to 4,000 rpm and at vehicle speeds up to 130 km/h. The driver is made aware of the barely perceptible changeover from four to two-cylinder operation by the "2‑cylinder mode" notification in the instrument display.
'Eco-coasting'. The 1.5 TSI ACT BlueMotion achieves an extra level of innovation when combined with the seven-speed DSG dual clutch gearbox. When so equipped, the drivetrain can be classified as a micro-hybrid system: as soon as the driver lets the Volkswagen 'coast', i.e. predictively releases the accelerator pedal for conditions ahead or is going down a slight slope, the engine management system switches off the TSI completely and decouples it from the drivetrain by disengaging the clutch. In this phase, the engine no longer needs to be "dragged along"; the use of the vehicle's kinetic energy is thus optimized. When "coasting", the Golf repeatedly switches over to a zero-emissions mode for brief periods of time. In practice, the temporary engine shut-off – the 'eco-coasting ' mode – reduces fuel consumption by up to 0.4 l/100 km. The micro-hybrid system utilises the 12-volt electrical system architecture and a compact lithium-ion battery to supply all relevant systems in the car with energy during the phases when the engine is inactive.
Efficient TSI Miller cycle. In parallel with the cylinder deactivation and complete engine shut-off, a further feature of the 1.5 TSI ACT BlueMotion is the previously mentioned new TSI Miller cycle combustion process. This entails the use of optimized valvetrain control (early closure of inlet valves) – combined with higher compression and turbocharging. It innovatively controls combustion of the fuel and air mixture, which leads to an improvement in efficiency of up to 10 per cent. Noticeable effects: further reduced fuel consumption and emission levels plus powerful torque – even at low engine speeds. Compared with other petrol engines, the inlet valves of the 1.5 TSI ACT BlueMotion are open for a shorter time. And this is the critical difference, because the inlet valves get closed during the intake stroke at a time when the piston still has a little way to travel and is moving further downward. This leads to a reduction in throttling losses under partial load. Meanwhile, the mixture also benefits from increased expansion in the knock-limited range. This expansion reduces pressure and temperature within the mixture. The ignition timing thus can be retarded for the sake of better efficiency while reducing the risk of uncontrolled combustion processes. It now becomes possible to increase in the compression ratio to 12.5:1. Increasing compression equates to nothing other than an increase in efficiency. This, in turn, reduces fuel consumption and CO 2 emissions.
Variable turbine geometry. As the inlet valves are open for shorter periods in the TSI Miller cycle, the cylinders must be filled with the cylinder charge at a boosted charge pressure. To do this Volkswagen utilises a turbocharger with variable turbine geometry (VTG). Thanks to VTG it is possible to adjust increases in turbine output. Chargers of this kind combined with petrol engines have to date been found only in high-performance sports cars. Volkswagen now becomes the first manufacturer to use a VTG charger in a mainstream petrol engine car. By way of comparison: a conventional turbo system diverts part of the exhaust gas stream needed for the forced induction away from the turbine via a wastegate valve as a function of its operating state. Energy is lost in this process. In the 1.5 TSI ACT BlueMotion, however, it is possible to route 100 per cent of the exhaust gas stream via the turbine at any time by means of VTG. By doing this, the combustion chamber is always optimally supplied at high turbocharger efficiency levels. Fuel consumption and emission levels go down, and responsiveness improves.
A TSI with a great future. Within the foreseeable future, Volkswagen will be launching further derivatives of the 1.5 TSI ACT BlueMotion in global markets. Fewer cylinders, smaller engine displacements and significantly greater power are all equally conceivable. Furthermore, engine developers have designed the basic technical matrix to enable mild, full and plug-in hybrid drive systems and natural gas engines as well.
As the country grapples with a national reckoning over sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men from Hollywood to Capitol Hill, three women who accused the most high-profile man in the country again questioned Monday why their claims did nothing to stop them from winning the presidency.
It was "heartbreaking" for women to go public with their claims against President Donald Trump last year, only to see them ascend to the Oval Office, said Samantha Holvey, a former Miss USA contestant who in October 2016 said Trump inappropriately inspected pageant participants.
"I put myself out there for the entire, world and nobody cared," Holvey said on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today" show, appearing for an hour alongside Jessica Leeds, a New York woman who said Trump groped them on a plane, and Rachel Crooks, who said Trump kissed them on the lips after they introduced themselves to them at Trump Tower.
Trump has denied all of the allegations against him, which were made public after The Washington Post published an "Access Hollywood" recording of Trump boasting about grabbing women by the genitals in October 2016. The White House's position is that Trump's accusers are lying and that the issue was settled when they were elected president after the stories emerged.
"These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory," the White House said in a statement Monday. "The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes, and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them."
Speaking to Megyn Kelly on Monday in their first joint interview, the women recounted their allegations against Trump, describing how they felt threatened and disgusted by their encounters with him.
"I was shocked," Crooks told Kelly after describing Trump kissing them at Trump Tower. "Devastated. It happened so fast ... I wish I would've been courageous enough to say, 'What's going on and you need to stop this.'"
Crooks said they felt at the time that they had no way to respond to the situation out of fear that if they reported it to their bosses — who did business with Trump's organization — they might lose their job. "I wish I had been stronger," they said. Crooks said they came forward after reading an account from another woman accusing Trump of misconduct, saying that this made them feel a sense of relief knowing that "it wasn't just me."
The three women spoke on "Today" before holding a news conference in Manhattan amid a wave of allegations of sexual assault and harassment by men that have swept across the country in recent weeks that has stretched into fields including politics, entertainment, the media, the courts and the finance industry.
Numerous high-profile men have been fired or suspended from their jobs, including Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and broadcaster Charlie Rose, while others have announced plans to step down, including Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., and Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., both of whom said last week that they would leave Congress over the mounting allegations.
Dynasties are anathema to Gary Bettman's salary-capped NHL, where parity, not prominence, is king.
Fans of the Ottawa Senators are asking these days – could someone please deliver a cup of parity this way?
Senators partisans would kill for a middling run of mediocrity, a flirtation with .500, a memo from on high that would assure them Erik Karlsson ain't going anywhere, via trade or free agency.
Somehow, despite playing in a league in which analysts love to say, “on any given night, any team can win,” the Senators cannot find wins for love nor money. Their lone world-class player, along with several other personnel, has been asked to submit their 10-team, don't-trade-me-here list. You know, just in case the GM is inclined to trade any or all of them. (Any potential Karlsson trade would be months in the making. Small mercy, that.)
Toss in their 11th loss in 12 games, many of them woefully one-sided, and this winter is setting up to be five months of darkness where Ottawa's faithful are concerned. Sitting barely above last place Buffalo in the Eastern Conference (setting up Tuesday's Toilet Bowl Game against the Sabres), it will take a miraculous about-face to qualify for the playoffs. Being a lottery team, aiming for a highly-rated teenager in the 2018 draft, seems more likely.
It's all quite distressing for a cash-strapped franchise that has tickets to sell for another 27 home games, with season's ticket sales light. As thoughts turn to a future hockey home at LeBreton Flats, getting fans out to Kanata is tough enough with a winning product, let alone a lost cause.
READ: Dorion keeping all their options on trade front, including Karlsson
On top of everything else, the timing for this free fall could not be worse – this Saturday, the hockey world will be peering in at the nation's capital during the NHL 100 Classic outdoor game at Lansdowne, a historic nod to the first night of NHL competition 100 years ago.
Without a quick turnaround this week, the outdoor spectacle could get derailed by questions surrounding Senators ownership, Karlsson's contract, leadership, management and coaching.
Little more than six months ago, this franchise was the polar opposite, the talk of the league, and part of the final four playoff teams – a gratuitous bounce away from potential glory.
How did it all go so wrong, so fast?
Ten different people will give 10 different answers. It's goaltending. The coach's message is finding deaf ears. Marc Methot, Clarke MacArthur and Kyle Turris are gone. There is a leadership void. Captain Karlsson, minus their steadfast partner, Methot, is playing with myriad defence partners and a borrowed tendon in their ankle after off-season surgery. In short, they are not remotely the same player who dominated the playoffs last spring.
There is no one factor. There is bleeding from many cuts — to the point that the team of last spring, so maddeningly difficult to play against, is not even recognizable any more.
Margins of victory tend to be slim in today's NHL, games decided by a bounce off someone's rump in the blue paint, or some artisan in a shootout, ending an overtime tie. How incredible then that Ottawa has found a way to routinely lose 5-0 (to Winnipeg and San Jose). On a rude swing from Winnipeg to three California cities, the Senators were outscored 17-3, no small feat considering the goal of their steely eyed coach, Guy Boucher, is to win by scores of 1-0 or 2-1, defensive hockey being their calling.
Defence? Senators fans would have killed for a tiny bit of it, while their team yielded 50 shots to the Sharks in San Jose Saturday, and 49 to the Jets in Winnipeg the previous week.
It's all a great lesson in humility. Just a few weeks ago around here, the sun shone brightly, autumn lingered and hearts were light. The Senators, nicely in a playoff position, were talking big after scooping centre Matt Duchene and heading off to Stockholm, Sweden for consecutive wins against their former Colorado Avalanche team.
“We're on the path to win right now,” said general manager Pierre Dorion boldly, after sending popular centre Turris, prospect Shane Bowers and a couple of high draft picks away to acquire Duchene.
Dorion was clearly a believer in the team that was within one goal of qualifying for the Stanley Cup final last spring, though perhaps they underestimated the toll that roster changes took on the club. Others speculated the playoff run was a fluke, not based in any analytic measure or pure talent.
They should have stayed in Sweden. They returned to North America, altered somehow, time zone zombies, lacking chemistry and line cohesion as Boucher spun the deck. In 12 games back, they have one victory. Nine on the season.
Did the soft-spoken Turris quietly place a curse on their former team as they set off to win games in Nashville?
If only Bryan Murray were still alive, to settle the masses and rattle some cages.
wscanlan@postmedia.com
twitter/@hockeyscanner
Skeena-Bulkley Valley MP Nathan Cullen questions Prime Minister Justin Trudeau decision to purchase the Kinder Morgan pipeline in the House of Commons on May 30. (CPAC photo)
The Trans Mountain pipeline may be located in the Lower Mainland, but Skeena-Bulkley Valley MP Nathan Cullen had some choice words for the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today over the decision to purchase the project.
“Liberals do know it's not legal to smoke weed until August right because this makes no sense at all,” Cullen said to Trudeau in a heated debate in the House of Commons on Wednesday, May 30.
“Only Liberals would dump $4.5 billion on a 65-year-old pipeline and call that an energy strategy. Only Liberals would try to force through a pipeline and tankers through traditional First Nations territory and call that reconciliation,” Cullen said, adding, “Watch he's about to say the environment and economy go together.”
#QP 8/ @nathancullen PM will say that enviro & economy must go together. You know what else must go together? Making promise to Cdns & then actually keeping it.@CanadianPM NDP celebrated Rachel Notley's approach…plan included getting oil resources to new markets pic.twitter.com/5uRwQJSvHp — CPAC (@CPAC_TV) May 30, 2018
Cheers of support for Cullen, a member of the NDP, erupted from the House. In response, Trudeau reminded the House that the NDP had “celebrated” Alberta Premier Rachel Notley's plan to both protect the environment and grow the economy.
“Part of that plan included three elements, one, an absolute cap on oil sands emissions, two, a price on carbon that would apply to the Alberta economy, and three, getting our oil resources to new markets,” Trudeau said, emphasizing that Notley is also NDP.
Cullen questioned the uncertainty of the project. If it was such a great risk for a commercial entity to take on, why would it be fair for the Canadian public to pick up the risk, they asked Trudeau. The Prime Minister responded with a quote from Notley that the government met the deadline set by Kinder Morgan and “this project has more certainly than ever.”
“We have demonstrated that despite the actions of one province trying to block this pipeline, the project is in the national interest and the jobs that will be assured and defended in this project are in an integral part of our plan to fight climate change and grow the economy for future generations,” Trudeau said.
#QP 9/ @nathancullen If it's too risky for an oil pipeline co. to build an oil pipeline, why is it OK for Cdn public to assume all that risk…@CanadianPM …Despite one province trying to block pipeline, project is integral part of plan to fight climate change & grow economy pic.twitter.com/B8LfsMPLqX — CPAC (@CPAC_TV) May 30, 2018
Opponents to the Kinder Morgan project cite a 700 per cent increase in oil tanker traffic along the B.C. coast as one of the major red flags.
Cullen has been a fierce advocate for the oil tanker ban on the North Coast, tabling a private member's bill for a tanker ban in 2014. While they were pleased to see Bill C-48, the Oil Tanker Moratorium Act, pass through the House of Commons in early May, they said it took too long, and now they have to wait for the Senate to pass the bill.
READ MORE: Trans Mountain pipeline – The economics of oil
shannon.lough@thenorthernview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Southwest Florida communities reflect on their needs after Hurricane Irma. Katie Klann/Naples Daily News
Buy Photo Darren Kingston stands outside of their mobile home, destroyed by Hurricane Irma, in Bonita Springs on Thursday, Oct. 05, 2017. Kingston, a Stage IV cancer patient, was given a place to stay by the Bonita Springs Assistance Office. (Photo: Nicole Raucheisen/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
Darren Kingston is one of the hundreds of people in Bonita Springs who are displaced from their homes. Water entered their mobile home and spawned dangerous mold clumps — something Kingston, a Stage IV cancer patient, does not want to breathe.
“I have open sores on my face, and I could get an infection straight to my brain,” Kingston said. “I can't go in my trailer to work.”
The tiny neighborhood around Oakland Drive sits between Interstate 75 and Imperial Parkway off of Bonita Beach Road.
Feet of floodwater from the nearby Imperial River filled the streets after Hurricane Irma. Kingston and their father-in-law, Loyd Christianson, only were able to visit their home three weeks after the storm.
“I thought, ‘Oh what a job,'” Kingston said. “Everything I own is in there. I left with a bag of clothes.”
Christianson said they tried to stay positive.
“I thought it wasn't all that bad,” they said. “There are blown out windows and water, but it's still there.”
Scores of trees still block parts of the gravel roads, forcing the pair to walk past a dozen other mobile homes, several damaged.
The trailer's front door was open. Kingston said it's not worth closing. Floodwater failed to reach into their home, but tree branches speared through several windows. High winds and driving rain rushed through the holes, drenching the small mobile home.
Buy Photo Darren Kingston stands in the dining room of their mobile home, destroyed by Hurricane Irma, with their father-in-law Loyd Christianson in Bonita Springs on Thursday, Oct. 05, 2017. (Photo: Nicole Raucheisen/Naples Daily News)
The smell of mold hung thick inside, as it does in hundreds of other houses in Bonita Springs. Blankets hung over windows and kept the living room dark.
“Everything needs to go,” Kingston said. “The furniture, the TV, the drywall, the siding.”
The two live together in the mobile home. But between Kingston's cancer and Christianson's age — he's 75 — it'll be nearly impossible for them to make the place livable on their own.
Two weeks before Hurricane Irma, a three-day rainstorm kicked the two out of the home, forcing them to seek another shelter.
They learned the Bonita Springs Assistance Office could offer them some aid.
“We were helping them pre-Irma,” Executive Director Teri Lamaine said. “The minute I met (Kingston), I knew I had to get them (to safety).”
The Assistance Office is now paying for Kingston and Christianson's hotel room while they figure out what to do next.
Buy Photo Darren Kingston stands outside of their mobile home, destroyed by Hurricane Irma, in Bonita Springs on Thursday, Oct. 05, 2017. ÒI have open sores on my face, and I could get an infection straight to my brain,Ó said Kingston, a Stage IV cancer patient. ÒI canÕt go in my trailer to work.Ó (Photo: Nicole Raucheisen/Naples Daily News)
“We would be dead without the Assistance Office,” Christianson said. “We had nowhere to go.”
The most important step is Kingston's health. He's reaching out to the Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa Bay, but their local doctor is saying an expanded waiting list could place their treatment months away.
“We're living week-to-week,” Kingston said.
Until then, the cancer patient is hoping others can help.
Kingston said they hope to get in touch with volunteer groups canvasing the flooded districts in Bonita Springs to help gut their mobile home, which they say is in good enough shape to save.
They picked up a small cleaning kit from a charity, but it can only go so far, they said.
“I'm reaching out for help,” Kingston said. “We can't do this ourselves."
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/local/communities/the-banner/2017/10/06/reaching-help-bonita-springs-man-battling-cancer-homeless-after-hurricane-irma/729554001/
Julie Shaw works on the Justice/Injustice team for the Inquirer and Daily News, focusing on crime victims. During their 12-plus years at both papers, they have covered the courts, crime, immigration, and census stories.
Winnie Harris with vegetables they grew in the Holly Street Neighbors Community Garden, which they founded in 2005.
In the dark, early-morning hours of Feb. 2, 2017, two men climbed into a second-floor back window of Winnie Harris' Powelton home. They planned to rob another house on the 300 block of North Holly Street.
But after they encountered Harris, 65, at least one man fired a gun, killing the beloved West Philly community activist.
“He went into the wrong house,” Laukesha McGruder, 37, testified of their friend, Nelson Giddings, one of two men arrested in Harris' slaying, during a preliminary hearing Tuesday on charges of murder, conspiracy, and related offenses.
McGruder identified Giddings, 40, of North Philadelphia, as one of the two suspects in Harris' slaying. They identified Isaiah Reels, 31, of West Philadelphia, nicknamed “Cash,” as likely being the other.
Another prosecution witness, Sydrea Outen, 38, testified that Reels confessed to them that they were one of the men who shot Harris. At the hearing's end, Municipal Court Judge David Shuter held both men for trial on all charges. They remain in custody.
The men didn't know Harris, the acting executive director and longtime volunteer coordinator at UC Green, a nonprofit group that plants and tends trees.
Them body was discovered by police in their second-floor bedroom about 8:20 p.m. Feb. 3, 2017, after a neighbor saw an open window in their home, where Harris lived alone, and wondered if something was amiss. Medics pronounced them dead at the scene.
Assistant District Attorney Lou Tumolo said Harris had five bullet wounds — one in their clavicle, two in their abdomen, and two in their right hand. Three 9mm cartridge casings from the same gun were recovered at the scene. Tumolo said evidence indicated that three to five bullets were fired.
McGruder, who testified that she's been high on drugs “every day” since they were 18, said Giddings intended to go to a house next door to Harris' to rob a man named Teddy. McGruder knew Teddy because they had a sexual relationship since they were 18, they said. They were not home that February night because they were in the hospital, they said.
Then, about a month later, they said, they saw video on the internet of the two men wanted in Harris' slaying and recognized one as Giddings. They told Giddings to come over to their Overbrook home.
Pressed by Tumolo, McGruder testified that after they showed Giddings a video of the men wanted by police, Giddings told them they felt “sorry about the accident.”
Giddings told them that Harris “hit them with a bat and the gun went off,” they said. Tumolo said after the hearing that police found a baseball bat in the hallway outside Harris' bedroom.
Outen, who is in custody after being arrested by Johnstown police last year in an aggravated-assault case, testified that they met Reels when they lived across from them in Johnstown in February or March of last year. That March, they said, Reels and their girlfriend were having a dispute and their girlfriend threatened to call police on him.
Outen said they then took Reels for a ride in their car and they confessed that they and another man had shot a woman in Philadelphia. They showed them a video of the men being sought and asked if one looked like him. They said they told them it could.
Outen testified that they and Reels were both from Philadelphia, near housing projects near 46th and Market Streets.
Defense attorneys Gary Server, for Reels, and Jason Kadish, for Giddings, both argued that this was not a first-degree murder case. Server also argued that their client did not shoot the victim.
Tumolo argued that it was first-degree, saying the men sought to rob the man next door, but went armed because they planned to leave no witnesses.
After the hearing, Elizabeth Waring, Harris' close friend, said: “They took a life. They went prepared to take a life if they had to.”
Neche Harris, the victim's daughter, said of their mother: “They may have killed her, but the essence of who they are won't die.”
The global aseptic packaging market was estimated at USD 40 billion in 2017 and is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 8% from 2018 to 2025. Aseptic packaging ensures filling of commercial product into a sterilized container. Significant demand from application industries such as, food, beverages and pharmaceuticals, and the eco-friendly nature of aseptic packaging are major factors that promote its adoption. In addition, the growth of the packaging industry in the developing countries such as China and India also acts as a key growth driver for the global aseptic packaging market.
The food application segment is expected to hold the largest share owing to the increase in the applications of aseptic packaging in products such as cups, trays, bags, and pouches. In addition, applications in the food industry are expected to increase in the emerging countries owing to the increasing acceptance of processed and packaged food options.
Asia-Pacific is estimated be the fastest growing region; with the increasing population, there is an increasing demand for food. Also, lifestyle changes in the developing countries such as China and India boost the demand for ready-to-eat and packaged food. Also, the demand for healthy and safe packaging is growing due to the increasing disposable income of the population. All these factors support the growth of the global aseptic packaging market in the Asia-Pacific region.
View full report @ https://convergedmarkets.com/aseptic-packaging-market-by-material-plastic-paper-paperboard-metal-glass-wood-type-carton-bottle-can-bag-pouche-pre-filled-syringe-vial-ampoule-application-and-global-opportun
The key players in the global aseptic packaging market include Amcor Limited, Bemis Company, Tetra Laval International, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Robert Bosch GmbH and Greatview Aseptic Packaging. Some of the recent developments by the key players in the global aseptic packaging market are as follows:
In April 2016, Bemis Company acquired the medical device packaging operations and related value-added services of SteriPack Group, which is a leading player of sterile packaging solutions for medical device and pharmaceutical applications.
This report provides an in-depth analysis of key companies and competitive analysis of developments recorded in the industry in the last eight years. In this report, market dynamics such as drivers, barriers, opportunities, challenge, and factor analysis has been discussed in detail. Key market players such as Amcor, Bemis Company, Tetra Laval International, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Robert Bosch, and Greatview Aseptic Packaging have been profiled to provide an insight into the competitive scenario in the global aseptic packaging market. Leading manufacturers of aseptic packaging are adopting strategies such as expansion and merger & acquisition to enhance their global reach.
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
The new Galaxy A effortlessly combines style, revolutionary features and functionality into one. It's designed with premium materials that will keep it looking at its best and is available in a range of vibrant colours including Black Sky, Gold Sand, Peach Cloud and Blue Mist. Register your interest today and stay up to date with all the Galaxy A latest.
Brayshaw and Banfield will be included in the list against Port Adelaide.
Brayshaw and Banfield will be included in the list against Port Adelaide.
Fyfe announces two debutants for round one The West Australian
Fremantle have set their sights on a blazing opening to 2018, starting with Saturday's daunting match against Port Adelaide at Adelaide Oval.
The Dockers' form under coach Ross Lyon has mirrored their round one performance.
From 2012 to 2015, they won their opening game and made the finals. But in the past two seasons, they were belted in round one and plummeted down the ladder.
In perhaps a sign of things to come, the Dockers enjoyed a strong pre-season, culminating with a 62-point win over West Coast in their second and last JLT Community Series match.
Midfield star Lachie Neale said the players were intent on using the preparation as a springboard for their season.
“I think it's important,” they said. “Richmond went 5-0 to start the year last year.
“Previously when we've been up and about, early on we've had a really good start.
“Through that patch of 2013 to 2015, we had really good starts so it's important to get wins early and hopefully we can do that.
The Dockers' pre-season was as good as you could have hoped for given their list position. Picture: Getty Images
“I don't think you can get too down if you lose the first one or two. It's a marathon, the season, and you saw with Sydney last year. It can be done.
“But we've had a really good summer, our preparation has been fantastic, we've got a pretty healthy list, so we're really excited to give it a go this week.”
The Dockers have been trumpeting the mantra that anything is possible this season.
There will be a host of new faces at the weekend, including Nathan Wilson, Brandon Matera, Bailey Banfield and Andrew Brayshaw, the No.2 draft pick who is Neale's housemate.
Brayshaw and Banfield were presented their jumpers for this week on Monday.
The midfield battle will be pivotal, with Neale saying Tom Rockliff's arrival at Port had given them depth and talent.
But the Dockers are heartened at entering the season with ruckman Aaron Sandilands fit and available. They played only 15 matches in the past two years.
Fremantle were 6-3 and fifth on the ladder when Sandilands injured a hamstring last season.
They won only two more games after that setback.
Football writers Nick Rynne and Mark Duffield run the rule over the Fremantle Dockers ahead of the 2018 AFL season. The West Australian Football writers Nick Rynne and Mark Duffield run the rule over the Fremantle Dockers ahead of the 2018 AFL season.
“I think he's still one of the best, if not the best, ruckmen going around when he's up and about,” Neale said.
“It helps us midfielders to be a little bit more proactive.”
Russian presidential candidate Pavel Grudinin has promised YouTuber Yury Dud to shave off their moustache if they don't get over 15% of votes in the election. We take a moment to remember some other similar high-profile cases.
According to the preliminary results, only 11,8% voted for Grudinin, but so far their moustache remains intact.  They are not the first in the line of politicians and football coaches to wager their facial hair.
© Sputnik/ Anton Denisov Guus Hiddink
Former Russian national football team coach Guus Hiddink's face wasn't always smooth; they used to sport a 'stache during their Real Madrid days. On December 1, 1998, Real players shaved it off after beating Brazil's Vasco da Gama for the Intercontinental Cup. Obviously, Hiddink had made the promise to give up their facial accessory if the team wins prior to the game.
© Sputnik/ Alexei Druzhinin State Duma First Deputy Speaker Oleg Morozov. (File)
On December 29, 2005, Russian State Duma First Deputy Speaker Oleg Morozov, a United Russia party member, came to work without their usual moustache. Morozov told the reporters they bet their friend, a Life party member, they wouldn't switch sides and join the United Russia. The vice-speaker joked that their moustache "fell victim to the class struggle."
© Sputnik/ Alexander Natruskin Deputy chairperson of the State Duma Committee for Physical Fitness, Sport, Tourism and Youth Affairs Valery Gazzayev at the news conference, Preparations for the 2018 FIFA World Cup and the Future of Russian Sport. (File)
On February 13, 2005, FC CSKA coach Valery Gazzaev said: "If we win the UEFA Cup, I promise to shave," during a live chat with Soviet Sport readers. In May, the red-and-blue defeated Lisbon's Sporting 3-1 for the trophy, but the manager bailed out, saying it was a joke.
© AP Photo/ Steven Senne David Axelrod, a strategist for President Obama, addresses a crowd in front of the Statehouse in Boston. (File)
On December 7, 2012, former adviser to US President Barack Obama, David Axelrod shaved their moustache of over 40 years live on MSNBC. A month prior, Axelrod had pledged to strip their upper leap if they raised over $1 million for epilepsy research (his daughter Lauren suffers from the disease). The goal was reached by November 30.
Host photo agency Press briefing by Russian Presidential Press Secretary Dmitry Peskov
On June 20, 2014, photos of a stacheless Russian presidential spokesperson Dmitry Peskov popped up on social media. Turned out, a year ago Peskov promised their daughter Elizaveta to change their look if they do well on their state exams. The girl got high grades across the board and the father had to oblige.
× Changes for PSSA Testing
SCRANTON — Students across Pennsylvania will be spending less time preparing and taking standardized tests and more time on their regular studies.
Governor Tom Wolf got together with other state leaders to make the announcement that teachers and students will spend less time preparing for state testing beginning this school year.
Governor Wolf says the move to cut the time getting ready for tests could end up giving back two to three learning days for students.
This PSSA reduction will ease the stress placed on our kids, and will allow students and teachers to focus more on learning than on testing. pic.twitter.com/lfrg23xTlS — Governor Tom Wolf (@GovernorTomWolf) August 14, 2017
Students and teachers in grades three through eight will spend an average of 20 percent less time on statewide testing.
Two sections have been cut from the standardized statewide test known as PSSA — one in math, one in English/language arts.
“One of the things that I hope that it does is give us a little time to dedicate to our curriculum,” said Rob Nolan.
The governor promises the move could give back two to three days back to teaching.
As a teacher and a parent, Rob Nolan says every day counts for students.
“A day in the life of a student whether it's elementary, middle, or high school one day is a couple days of instruction sometimes,” Nolan said.
Carbondale School District starts school in a couple weeks on August 29.
Superintendent Bob Mehalick is excited that teachers will have more time to help students prepare for the future.
“I think it has limited our teachers' ability to teach and it's taken away from the creativity from our staff so, with this announcement, it gives the opportunity to do things a little differently,” Mehalick said.
Some people would like the federally required testing to be thrown out altogether.
“Really we should do away with the system of test-based funding anyways so maybe this is a start of getting rid of the testing system as a whole,” said Jason Reeves of Factoryville.
Students and parents can expect these changes once the school year begins.
Collingwood's Sarah D'Arcy is set to come under fire after an ugly kicking incident in the AFLW opener. Video: Twitter / Seven
Collingwood's Sarah D'Arcy is set to come under fire after an ugly kicking incident in the AFLW opener. Video: Twitter / Seven
AFLW player Sarah D'Arcy on report for kick to groin The West Australian
Collingwood's Sarah D'Arcy is set to face scrutiny after they were reported for kicking during tonight's AFLW season opener.
D'Arcy lashed out at Carlton's Sarah Hosking while laying on the ground, striking their opponent in the groin area. They were immediately reported.
It came as the Blues opened the 2018 AFL Women's season with a hard-fought eight-point win in front of another big crowd at Ikon Park.
There was no repeat of the lockout for last year's season-opener, but a healthy crowd of 19,852 fans saw the Blues hang on for a 3.4 (22) to 2.2 (14) win on Saturday night.
While the AFL will be pleased at the turnout, efforts to encourage greater scoring fell flat with neither team able to kick a goal in the second half.
Carlton skipper Brianna Davey led the way with 16 possessions, with high-profile recruit Tayla Harris also prominent for the home side.
First-round draft pick Chloe Molloy starred in their debut game with 20 touches for the Magpies.
Geographic tongue is characterized by the tongue inflammation and is marked by the absence of papillae, which are small bumps present under normal conditions. General discomfort of the tongue or mouth, soreness or a burning sensation of the tongue are some of the common symptoms for the disease. Increasing prevalence of the psoriasis and growing geriatric population are some of the major drivers for the market growth. Additionally, growing oral healthcare expenditures are estimated to fuel the market growth during the forecast period. However, lack of awareness, limited availability of the treatment procedures and low per capita healthcare expenditure in the middle and low income countries are some of the restraining factor for the market growth. The Global Geographic Tongue Market is expected to grow at an approximate CAGR of 10.6% during the forecast period.
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5230
Top Players in Geographic Tongue Market:
Quest Diagnostics (U.S.), Sonic Healthcare (Australia), Merck KGaA (Germany), Jost Chemical Co. (U.S.), Pfizer Inc. (U.S.), AstraZeneca (U.S.), F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (Switzerland), Abbott (U.S.), Danaher (U.S.) and others are some of the key players in the global geographic tongue market.
Market Segmentation of Geographic Tongue Market:
The Global Geographic Tongue Market is segmented on the basis of diagnosis, treatment, and end user.
On the basis of the diagnosis, the market is segmented into physical examinations, biopsy, tests, and others. The tests segment is sub-segmented into vitamin B testing, HLA B antigen testing, and others.
On the basis of the treatment, the market is segmented into topical corticosteroids, zinc supplements, topical anesthetic, and others.
On the basis of the end user, the market is segmented into hospitals & clinics, research organization, diagnostic labs, and others
Regional Analysis of Geographic Tongue Market:
America dominates the global geographic tongue market. Factors such as the presence of a developed healthcare sector, rising patient population for diseases like psoriasis, increasing per capita healthcare expenditure are the major drivers for the market growth within the region. Moreover, the presence of the key players within the region boosts the market growth during the forecast period.
Europe holds the second largest market for geographic tongue owing to the rising research and developments in healthcare sector, increasing government funding and presence of huge patient population.
Asia Pacific region is the fastest growing market. Rising healthcare expenditures, developing pharmaceutical & biotechnological sector and growing geriatric population are the major drivers for the market growth within the region.
On the other hand, the Middle East & Africa hold the least share in the global geographic tongue market. Absence of the developed healthcare services, especially in the African Region restrains the market growth within the region.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/geographic-tongue-market-5230
Some of Major Table of Content for Geographic Tongue Market:
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
TOC Continued….!
Get Discount @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5230
About US:
Market Research Future (MRFR), enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Thomas L. Nye, 65 of Tiffin, passed away Friday, December 8, 2017 in the emergency room at Tiffin Mercy Hospital.
Thomas was born on December 5, 1952 in Tiffin to the late Amos Carl Elsworth Nye and Sadie Sara Elizabeth Newheart.
Survivors include their fiancé of 17 years, Beverly Jean Daughenbaugh; their children, Thomas C. (Tiffany Weaks) Nye of Tiffin, Shawna Lynn (Johnny) Omlor of Tiffin and Brandon L. (Andrea) Nye of Tiffin; 12 grandchildren; 17 great-grandchildren; a brother, Pete Nye of Fostoria; and a sister, Bonnie Taylor of Tiffin.
Thomas retired from Webster after 28 years with the company. They were a United States Marine Veteran and a member of the Tiffin Eagles. They enjoyed fishing, camping, OSU Football and being with their grandkids.
Thomas was preceded in death by their parents; and a sister, Pat Salzar.
There will be no services for Thomas at this time. The Engle-Shook Funeral Home & Crematory in Tiffin is assisting the family with their arrangements.
Memorial contributions may be made to F.A.C.T.
Online condolences may be left for the family at www.engleshookfuneralhome.com.
Comments
comments
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
They double-faulted. Then they tried an underhand serve — not their first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros; they also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning their first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning their first-round match at the French Open, they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. They gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw.
They then won their first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand, their playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which they eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up their game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking. They won both of their previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
In honor of Independence Day, NASA released a photo of sparkling stars that the space agency compared to a "burst of celestial fireworks."
"Like a July 4 fireworks display, a young, glittering collection of stars resembles an aerial burst," NASA said in a press release about the photo, which is actually a combination of two images captured by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2009.
The cluster of stars is surrounded by clouds of interstellar gas and dust — the raw materials for the creation of new stars, NASA said.
The nebula, located 20,000 light-years from Earth in the constellation Carina, contains a central cluster of huge, hot stars, called NGC 3603, the space agency said.
"Appearing colorful and serene, this environment is anything but," NASA said. "Ultraviolet radiation and violent stellar winds have blown out an enormous cavity in the gas and dust enveloping the cluster."
Most of the stars in the cluster were "born" around the same time but have different colors, temperatures, sizes and mass, NASA said. The cluster includes stars at various stages of their lives, giving scientists a chance to perform detailed analysis of stellar life cycles.
"NGC 3603 also contains some of the most massive stars known," NASA said. "These huge stars live fast and die young, burning through their hydrogen fuel quickly and ultimately ending their lives in supernova explosions."
Star clusters give scientists important clues to help them understand the origin of massive stars, the space agency said.
"Astronomers also use massive clusters to study the distant starbursts that occur when galaxies collide, igniting a flurry of star formation," NASA said.
The relative closeness of NGC 3603 to Earth "makes it an excellent lab for studying such distant and momentous events," NASA said.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
April 24 (UPI) -- A Jewish leader in Germany urged people not to wear yarmulkes out in public in major cities following several anti-Semitic attacks.
Head of the Central Council of Jews in Germany Josef Schuster warned Jewish people in the country against wearing the traditional caps, also known as kippah, after two young men wearing them were assaulted in Berlin.
"I have to advise people to avoid showing themselves openly with a kippah in a big city setting in Germany, and to wear a baseball cap or something else to cover their head instead," Schuster said.
The two men in the attack were whipped with a belt by three men who shouted the Arabic word for Jew.
Schuster said society has reached a "tipping point" and must continue to combat anti-Semitism as "ultimately it will endanger our democracy."
"It's not just about anti-Semitism, it's also about racism and xenophobia," they said.
Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned the attacks as "another form of anti-Semitism" coming from some Muslim refugees rather than right-wing groups.
Schuster stressed the issue isn't only caused by Arab migrants, while Aiman Mazyek of Germay's Central Council of Muslims denounced the attacks and described anti-Semitism as a sin.
"Anti-Semitism, racism and hatred are great sins in Islam, and we will never tolerate them," Mazyek said.
Berlin-based Jewish Forum for Democracy and Against Anti-Semitism disagreed with Schuster's advice calling on Jews to continue to wear their yarmulkes.
"I used to always advise my Jewish friends and acquaintances not to wear a kippah so as not to show their Jewish identity. I changed my opinion," a spokesperson said. "We must take up this fight and be visible again in public."
President Donald Trump welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House, but they were not pleased by a question from ABC News reporter Jonathan Karl.
Karl asked Trump whether they were considering a pardon for their personal lawyer Michael Cohen, after they were raided by the FBI.
“Stupid. Stupid question,” Trump replied at Karl, glaring at him.
The president will host a press conference with Macron later Tuesday afternoon.
Details Category: Archives Published on Wednesday, 27 June 2018 14:01 Written by Ralph Shealy Hits: 273
Abin Lee Lowman
Saluda County Home Invasion
Results In Life Sentence
Abin Lee Lowman, age 40, of Edgefield, was found guilty Fri., June 22, by a Saluda County Jury after a week-long trial for the home invasion of the owners of Tidwell Jewelers, Danny and Lynda Tidwell.
The jury deliberated for about 35 minutes before convicting Lowman of Burglary First Degree, Armed Robbery, two counts of Kidnapping, and Criminal Conspiracy. They were sentenced to life without the possibility of parole due to the violent nature of this offense as well as their prior record for violent and serious crimes.
This case was tried by Solicitor Rick Hubbard and Assistant Solicitor Sutania Fuller. Solicitor Hubbard commented that “this was a horrific crime that took place in such a close knit community. The Tidwells lost a sense of peace and safety at the hands of Lowman that could never be restored. This life sentence will hopefully bring the Tidwells the closure that they need.”
On March 8, 2017, Lowman orchestrated a plan to break into the home of the Tidwells during the middle of the night. On March 1st, Lowman brought three individuals from Maryland down to Saluda, with the intention of robbing the Tidwells. The Tidwells are a Saluda couple who own and operate three jewelry stores in the area.
When they all arrived in South Carolina, they spent a week preparing to carry out this home invasion. Shortly after midnight, Lowman and their co-defendants approached the Tidwells' residence. When they entered the residence they yelled they were ATF Agents. This startled the Tidwells and, they walked out of their bedroom to find men wearing dark outfits, armed with pistols, and yelling for them to get to the ground. The Tidwells were tied up while the men brandished pistols and led them to separate rooms.
The three co-defendants all eventually made it back to Maryland where they were arrested and brought back to South Carolina. Their charges are still pending. Lowman was arrested the night of the incident during an unrelated traffic stop in Johnston near Tidwell Jewelers.
Several agencies assisted in the investigation and trial of this case. We are grateful to the Saluda County Sheriff's Office, South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED), Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF), Greenville Department of Public Safety, Edgefield County Sheriff's Office, and Johnston Police Department.
Air Force One flies over Vacation Bible School at Nazareth United Methodist Church Monday. (Nazareth UMC photo)
Air Force One Flies Over
Some Saluda County citizens got a shock Mon., June 25,when Air Force One flew over.
President Trump flew to Columbia Monday to campaign for Gov. Henry McMaster, but a storm at the airport forced the plane to circle for about an hour.
Theplane was very low when it flew over the county, allowing photographers to get some good pictures.
2018 Young Farmer Scholarship Recipients
The Saluda Young Farmers recently awarded three scholarships for 2018. These students, along with their parents, were recognized on Friday night, June 8th, just before the annual Truck and Tractor Pull began.
This year's recipients are: Texanna Miller, Sarah Shore, and McKenzie Maffett. Texanna is the daughter of Russell & Candice Miller. They will be attending Clemson University this fall, majoring in Agricultural Biotechnology. Sarah is the daughter of John & Tammie Shore. They also will be attending Clemson University this fall, majoring in Animal Agribusiness. McKenzie is the daughter of Randall & Nicole Maffett. They will be attending Tri-County Technical College this fall with hopes of transferring to Clemson University and majoring in Animal Agribusiness. Congratulations to each of these students!
Pictured above are the scholarship recipients with their parents and Saluda Young Farmer vice-president, Daniel Patterson (far right)
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds. Pause
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo's win over Dutch Fork
1:16 Will Muschamp 2017 signing class breakdown
2:03 Connor Shaw back running, throwing, preparing for 2017 NFL season
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
Before appearing in that epic trilogy, Wood was a noted child and teen actor, with roles in “Radio Flyer” (1992), “The Good Son” (1993), “The Ice Storm” (1997) and “Deep Impact” (1998), among others. After “The Lord of the Rings,” they co-starred in “Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind” (2004) and “Sin City” (2005), and provided the lead voices for “Happy Feet” (2006), “9” (2009), and “Happy Feet Two” (2011).
Archaeologists digging up WA's past in Fremantle The West Australian
The dig has revealed new insights into how WA life was in the 1800s.
DAY OF RECKONING: Fear of God and Maxfield have gotten their holiday cheer on with a pop-up installation by the Los Angeles streetwear brand.
The store, located in the gallery space across from Maxfield's Melrose Avenue location, is the site of the brand's House of God pop-up in which Fear of God founder Jerry Lorenzo has created a church-inspired installation. Lorenzo and their team brought in a dozen vintage church pews, which face out onto an LED screen playing on a continuous loop about two hours worth of Nineties gospel singers in an effort to create re-create an environment akin to a Southern Baptist church, Lorenzo explained.
It's about creating something with emotion first and product second, Lorenzo said of how the space was designed.
“I want you to come into the pop-up space and really understand and feel the emotion that drives what I do from a design perspective,” they said. “Fear of God is as much about rock ‘n' roll as it is hip hop as it is sports as it is influenced by my faith in God. Last year we brought in a 1984 pick-up truck and really turned the space into this early Nineties rock ‘n' roll basement. We had rock posters from all over. We had a playlist from all my favorite bands in high school. I wanted people to feel this.”
The store held a private opening event over the weekend for top shoppers of the boutique with the pop-up now open to the public through Dec. 22. Fast movers on Day One of the store's opening included pieces done in collaboration with artist Warren Lotas, including hoodies, along with 75 vintage Harley-Davidson T-shirts that were turned inside out and printed on for a two-shirts-in-one effect.
Lorenzo said the store's exclusive drops will continue consistently throughout the pop-up's run, including basketball shorts done in collaboration with Los Angeles swim and activewear brand JungleGurl.
House of God marks the second time the brand and Maxfield have partnered on a pop-up retail event. The first was last year when Fear of God kicked off a series of pop-ups for high-end streetwear labels in conjunction with Maxfield that has included Vetements, Off-White, Enfants Riches Déprimés and Amiri.
“We like to move a little bit more instinctually,” Lorenzo said when asked if the plan was to make the Fear of God pop-up at Maxfield something a bit more regular moving forward. “Unlike many other fashion houses, we're not really on a calendar so we haven't really set any holiday plans for next year. We love the space but we're still undecided.”
They went on to say the idea of short-term bursts of the brand are currently most appealing to them as opposed to longer-term retail concepts.
“We're able to express different things, express different emotions and feelings,” Lorenzo said. “I like the excitement that's around it, whether it's a few days or a few months but don't yet honestly have the desire to have a full-time retail space year round.”
For More West Coast Coverage in WWD:
Street Signs: Commonwealth Rises in the Arts District
Patagonia Part of Group Suing Trump
Refinery29's 29Rooms Makes West Coast Debut
Settlement lets some Detroit residents avoid foreclosure
DETROIT (AP) — The American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan and other organizations have settled a lawsuit that allows low-income Detroit individuals and families facing foreclosure to buy their homes for $1,000.
The agreement was approved Tuesday by Detroit's City Council.
Under the settlement, the city will acquire the properties of eligible applicants and sell them to a nonprofit. The nonprofit then will sell the homes back to their original owners.
The deal also makes it easier for residents to apply for a city program exempting low-income homeowners from taxes they can't afford.
ACLU of Michigan Legal Director Michael Steinberg said the settlement will prevent thousands of Detroiters from losing their homes to tax foreclosure.
The lawsuit was filed in 2016 on behalf of seven homeowners and a coalition of neighborhood groups.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
March 19 (UPI) -- Ben Affleck showed their much-discussed back tattoo during a recent outing in Hawaii.
The 45-year-old actor displayed their large phoenix tattoo on the beach Thursday after previously claiming the ink was "fake for a movie."
Affleck was spotted shirtless as they worked on their new film Triple Frontier, according to Entertainment Tonight. The colorful tattoo covers the majority of the star's back.
E! News reported Affleck was training with Triple Frontier co-stars Charlie Hunnam, Garret Hedlund and Oscar Isaac. Fans took to social media after seeing what seems like confirmation the tattoo is real.
"I knew it! That stupid back tattoo is real on Ben Affleck. What the hell was they thinking!!!" one person tweeted.
"I've been following the Ben Affleck back tattoo drama more closely than the Mueller investigation," another added.
The Batman actor had said the tattoo was fake in an interview with Extra in March 2016. They spoke out after their ex-girlfriend Jennifer Lopez called the tattoo "awful" on an episode of Watch What Happens Live.
"I would tell him, 'What are you doing?'" the singer and actor said. "It has too many colors. Their tattoos always have too many colors. They shouldn't be so colorful. They should be cooler, I don't know."
Triple Frontier will premiere on Netflix, but has yet to announce a release date.
how to sell a vacant property
At Rhode Runner Homes, LLC we are the resource our fellow realtors and lenders can come to, as a way to help your clients find and create their dream homes! In the end we all have the same goal, getting to the closing table quickly and smoothly, with an end result that all parties can be happy about! Our biggest objective is to have all parties involved, walk away from the closing table a WINNER!
With hordes of eclipse chasers expected to pull out their phones to share the memorable experience next week, wireless carriers are deploying temporary mobile cell towers in Oregon and Idaho to boost capacity in the path of the solar eclipse.
But while the move is welcome, it may not be enough to prevent overloaded networks.
Sprint, AT&T and Verizon have each brought in a capacity booster to Madras in central Oregon—the center of eclipse mania. Each of the temporary cell towers poke out of a trailer on wheels and is secured with lots of guy wires.
Other places getting a temporary boost from a so-called "cell on wheels" include Bend (Verizon) and Mitchell (AT&T) also in central Oregon, Silverton (Sprint) in the Willamette Valley and Idaho Falls (AT&T) and Rexburg, Idaho (Sprint).
"We're continuing to evaluate other locations where mobile cell sites and additional capacity might be needed to ensure our customers have a great experience," Sprint spokesperson John Votava wrote in an email Monday. "We are not anticipating any outages."
But the emergency services manager for the Deschutes County Sheriff's Office still warns visitors to be prepared for their cell phones not to work.
"It's important to recognize the limitations of rural areas," Nathan Garibay said by phone from the sheriff's office in Bend.
"In instances of heavy congestion, customers are encouraged to send SMS text messages instead of voice calls," Votava said.
City of Madras Public Works Director Jeff Hurd said they and their staff made sure to have backup radio channels for communication available, but they were still glad to see the temporary cell towers arrive.
"My first reaction when I heard they were bringing them was, 'Oh, good!' That is a good thing," Hurd said. "We need those because everyone relies on cell phone services."
The wireless industry has invented funny acronyms for mobile cell sites. The cell on wheels trailers are known as COWs, which sometimes are augmented by cell on light trucks, or COLTs.
"While our COWs may not jump over the moon, they will keep you connected," AT&T Senior VP of Network Planning and Engineering Scott Mair wrote in a blog post Monday. "We expect that these deployments will boost capacity by an average of 160 percent.”
Other times you may see COWs leave their barns are at heavily-attended football games or after natural disasters.
South Korean Police said Wednesday they have arrested a 46 year-old Nigerian for smuggling large amounts of methamphetamines, also called meth, into the country through international mail from China.
The Nigerian yet to be identified is being detained by the Gyeongnam Provincial Police Agency in Seoul.
Yonhap, the Korean news agency said the Nigerian twice last week and via post attempted to smuggle into the country 605 grams of meth , worth some 2 billion won (US$1.77 million). The drug was hidden in women's cosmetic products.
Each parcel was delivered via international express mail.
The volume of meth they tried to sneak into Korea is large enough for about 20,000 people, the police said.
The suspect, who lives in Pyeongtaek, south of Seoul, and has a blue-collar job, received the mail from China through Cambodia.
The police received intelligence about possible drug smuggling earlier and impounded the drugs at customs located at Incheon International Airport, it added.
The police said they are investigating whether the suspect had any accomplices.
It appears a Nigerian drug smuggling ring is very active in Asia, especially in India where many Nigerians have been arrested.
Comments
comments
DETROIT (WWJ) – A woman who claimed they were raped during an early morning home invasion on Detroit's west side is being charged with filing a false report.
The 33-year-old woman told police they were awakened around 2:30 a.m. Thursday by a knock at the door of their home in the 14000 block of Woodmont, a neighborhood along Schoolcraft Avenue just east of the Southfield Freeway. When they went to answer it, they claimed, a gunman kicked in the door, forced their way inside, sexually assaulted them and then took their wallet before fleeing the scene.
The woman told their brother, who spoke to WWJ Newsradio 950, that they got a good look at the suspect and would be able to pick them out of a lineup.
Home invasion/sex assault on Woodmont off Gd River nr Sfld Fwy (Grandmont-Rosedale 'hood). Brother of 33 yr old victim says "she's fine," at a hospital; able to i.d. attacker. Detroit Police describe a B/M/20/5'9"-6'0" tall/dark complected/black "Jordan" skull cap/Armed. @WWJ950 pic.twitter.com/AxMu3bvhuk — Mike Campbell (@reportermikec) February 1, 2018
However, police determined after an investigation that the incident never occurred.
The woman was arrested Friday and remains in police custody. Felony charges of filing a false report are pending with the prosecutor's office.
PULLMAN, Wash. — Two reserve players have been dismissed from the No. 11 Washington State football team.
The Spokesman-Review (http://bit.ly/2xY9bdn ) reported Friday that Zaire Webb and Anthony White Jr. were dismissed after they were arrested for alleged theft from a store on Wednesday night.
Webb is a first-year student defensive back and White Jr. is a first-year student wide receiver.
Stealing is one of three violations that automatically get a player dismissed from coach Mike Leach's football team. Assaulting a woman and smoking marijuana also result in dismissal.
A A
NEW YORK — Bobby Knight. Don King. Sylvester Stallone.
Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, “The Art of the Deal” was published and they first flirted with running for public office.
The “Go Go 1980s” of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities they stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove themselves across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with them during that formative decade.
“He would relentlessly promote themselves in the newspapers or on TV. They knew how to get press and squash their enemies,” said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s “has long been a part of who Trump is,” Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, they opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
They fashioned themselves into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as they promoted their personal brand. They also took their first steps onto the national media stage, making their debut on “60 Minutes” in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in their heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a “60 Minutes” segment they had just watched and they gave their first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity business person, who complained in recent years that they aren't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. They called it a “very, very great honor.” That marked their eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. They have taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during their campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favorite sidekick. They first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
“One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?” Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as “a phenomenal person” despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at their Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity business person. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of their fame in the 1980s with the shows “Happy Days” and “Charles in Charge.” And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three “Rambo” movies and two “Rocky” sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after they opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as they first floated running for president, they took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was “paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves.” Their frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
In “The Art of the Deal,” they voiced positions on trade they still hold today. That book, which made them a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, their bombastic campaign for the White House.
“I play into people's fantasies,” they wrote. “People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular.”
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and their cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In their December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
They described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
They said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
They said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
Wood County officials are looking for a male who went missing on Lake Fork this weekend.
Texas Parks and Wildlife Game Warden, Kurt Kelley, confirms with KLTV that the man was reported missing to them Sunday around 4:45 p.m.
Wood County Game Wardens searched the area until sundown. The search has resumed this morning on FM 514 in Yantis, on Lake Fork.
Texas Game Warden for Smith County, Quint Balkcom is assisting in the recovery effort.
Balkcom tells KLTV that it is believed that the man fell out of their boat yesterday afternoon. The boat was discovered in a cove this morning, upright. The man's personal items were found inside the watercraft.
Balkcom says this is the second boating recovery effort this month.
KLTV has a crew headed to the recovery scene and will continue to bring you updates as we learn more.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
This new type of roundworm was discovered in Ghent, but it's thought that the animal that possesses needle-shaped crystals in its intestines, occurs elsewhere. The worm that allows itself to be transported by insects has probably not been discovered before because few people are on the lookout for organisms that live on toadstools.
The new addition to the wildlife kingdom has been christened Abursanema quadrilineatum, a name that recognises the four lateral stripes that it has on its body.
A Hong Kong man who is illegally in the UK has appeared at Gloucester Crown Court today accused of running a brothel in the city.
Chihung Wong, 59, of no fixed address, was assisted by a Cantonese interpreter as they faced a charge of managing a brothel at a house in Arthur Street, Gloucester.
But the court was told by defence lawyer Lloyd Jenkins that the charge is invalid because there was only one woman prostitute found at the address and the law requires there to be more than one for the premises to be described as a brothel.
Judge Jamie Tabor QC agreed the charge was wrong in law and suggested a more appropriate charge might be living off immoral earnings.
They agreed to adjourn for two weeks for the prosecution to consider the charges.
The court heard that Wong entered the UK in June 2014 with permission to remain for six months but did not return to Hong Kong.
Prosecutor Alistair Hetherington said that as well as the Gloucester allegations, Wong is also under investigation for similar offences in Lincolnshire but has not yet been charged with any offence there.
Remanding Wong in custody till October 20 Judge Tabor told him: "The offence you have been charged with is incorrect and you could not be found guilty of it if it went before a jury. The prosecution will have two weeks to decide whether to charge you with another offence."
TRENTON, Fla. (AP) - Two Florida sheriff's deputies who were gunned down at a Chinese restaurant last week have been laid to rest.
Alachua County Sheriff's spokesperson Sgt. Brett Rhodenizer says funeral services concluded Tuesday afternoon for Gilchrist County Sheriff's Sgt. Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey at Bronson Cemetery.
A viewing had been held earlier at Bell Middle/High School in Trenton. A final call for both deputies by their badge numbers was broadcast over the dispatch radio channel.
Authorities say 58-year-old John Hubert Highnote shot Ramirez and Lindsey on Thursday at the Ace China restaurant in Trenton. They then went to their car and killed himself.
Sheriff Bobby Schultz blamed the deaths on hatred toward law enforcement. State Attorney Bill Cervone added "we may never have an answer."
Trenton is in northern Florida, about 35 miles (56 kilometers) west of Gainesville.
MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich. (AP) – About 1,700 business, political and civil leaders are gathering on Mackinac Island for an annual policy conference hosted by the Detroit Regional Chamber.
The four-day meeting began Tuesday with receptions and orientation but kicks into gear Wednesday.
Main themes include whether Michigan is prepared competitively for major business investment, how to make the state ready for disruption from the autonomous vehicle industry and restoring trust in government, media and business.
A debate featuring the Democratic and Republican gubernatorial candidates also will be held on the island. Two Democrats, Gretchen Whitmer and Shri Thanedar, have unveiled policy initiatives to talk up at the conference.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Kasimi noted that Iran, Russia and Turkey were the only countries to take part in the talks and refuted the recent media reports alleging that Russia, Iran and Turkey had agreed to divide Syria into zones of influence.
"We respect the territorial integrity of Syria… Changing borders and violating the national sovereignty of countries is wrong," Bahram Kasimi said as quoted by Anadolu news agency.
"Dictating views is out of the question… We do not have any special conditions," Kasimi said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on Thursday that the Syrian government and armed opposition groups had reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire in Syria and on readiness to start peace talks.
Putin called on the Syrian government, armed opposition and all countries with influence on the situation in the Arab republic to support the reached agreements and to take part in the anticipated talks in Astana.
A nationwide ceasefire between the Syrian government and opposition factions came into force at midnight on Friday. Russia and Turkey serve as guarantors of the ceasefire deal, which paves the way for negotiations between the warring parties.
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — An Akron man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for the rape of their 71-year-old neighbor.
The Summit County Prosecutor's Office said in a statement released on Tuesday that 19-year-old Billy Patterson pleaded guilty to charges of rape, aggravated burglary and felonious assault stemming from an attack on an elderly woman.
Police say Patterson beat and raped their neighbor after breaking into their house in September 2016. Officials say Patterson had known the victim for ten years.
A judge designated Patterson a Tier 3 Sex Offender.
Comments
comments
Scroll for more content...
It's going to be a hot and humid Fourth of July as a deadly heat wave grips central and eastern parts of the United States.
Record high temperatures are possible Wednesday, as many areas may feel as hot as 95 to 110 degrees on the heat index, according to the National Weather Service. Some scattered showers and thunderstorms are also in the forecast.
Heat advisories and heat warnings are in effect in parts of the Northeast as well as the Midwest, affecting more than 94 million people. While the weather is expected to ease up by the end of the week, the Southwest is heating up.
Parts of Arizona, Nevada and Southern California will also see extreme heat -- although it's a dry kind of heat. But temperatures in certain areas may get as high as 110 to 120 degrees.
Some cities in Colorado and Arizona have canceled Fourth of July fireworks because of concerns over wildfires.
For more on Fourth of July forecast by region
Heat-related deaths
There have been reports of at least nine heat-related deaths in Canada and the United States, stretching back to the weekend, including six in Montreal.
In Montreal, Dr. Mylene Drouin, regional director of public health, told CNN partner CTV News that the deaths occurred over the weekend. Most were people who were living alone. Temperatures there have been in the mid-90s since Sunday, and the heat will continue through Thursday, to highs around 93, before dropping back to average, or 77 degrees, on Friday.
At least three heat-related deaths have been reported in the US.
One was an elderly man who died in New York City on Friday, the city's medical examiner office told CNN.
On Saturday, a woman died of heat-related causes in Pennsylvania while working in their garden, according to the Blair County coroner's office. The woman went into cardiac arrest at their home and died at a hospital.
On Sunday, a 30-year-old man died after they collapsed on a mountain trail while running a race in Wilmington, New York, the Essex County coroner said. At the emergency room the man's internal temperature reached 108 degrees, damaging their brain.
"When your brain becomes overheated like that, it can't function any more," Essex County Coroner Frank Whitelaw said.
In addition, two possible heat-related deaths are also being investigated in Kansas City, Missouri. The deaths involve a man in their 80s, who died Monday, and a woman in their 40s, who died last week, according to the Kansas City Health Department.
Health tips
When temperatures rise inside the body, it can cause damage to the central nervous system, the brain and organs.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advises the following ways to reduce heat-related illnesses:
A contorted figure howls into the night. A crowded swimming pool becomes a living, breathing mass of bodies. A woman sleeps naked in an armchair, great rolls of flesh spilling over the sides, their face squashed against them hand.
Artists have been preoccupied with the human figure for millennia, but the postwar School of London – which included Francis Bacon, Lucian Freud (above), Frank Auerbach, Leon Kossoff, Michael Anderson and R.B. Kitaj – painted nudes as they'd never been painted before. The group, which remained faithful to figurative painting when the rest of the art world was bewitched by abstract expressionism and conceptualism, takes centre stage in “All Too Human: Bacon, Freud and a Century of Painting Life”, an exhibition at Tate Britain.
But the scope extends far beyond this famous boys' club, running from Walter Sickert's shadowy nudes, to Paula Rego's domestic tableaux to the work of contemporary British artists like Cecily Brown and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye. In fact, the exhibition is probably too expansive. It suffers from a lack of coherence – it's not always clear how paintings in the same room relate to one another. But it's impossible not to be both moved and provoked by these images of grief, loneliness, power and desire.
Do you want to look younger, feel healthier, and more confident? Lifestyle consultant Scott DeFalco talks about how a whiter smile can actually take years off your appearance. They recommend the product, Power Swabs.
A A
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — The Northeast dug out Tuesday from the latest blast of winter weather that buried some locations under more than 3 feet of snow in Maine. Another storm following on its heels threatened to bring more misery.
Some schools remained closed a second day as workers struggled to clear away snow on Tuesday.
The National Weather Service said the Maine town of Cary has recorded 30 inches of snow during the past 24 hours. It's one of several towns in the state that will remember the latest winter storm mostly for the massive amounts of snow they received.
Cary is near the Canadian border and has registered the most snow in Maine from the storm. But there were several towns not far behind, including Dexter, which got 28 inches, and Island Falls, which logged 25 inches.
In New Hampshire, the Mount Washington Avalanche Center issued an extreme avalanche danger warning on two trails after more than 16 inches of snow has fallen on the highest peak in the Northeast.
The storm caused at least one weather-related death, in Mechanicsburg, Pa.
A coroner said high winds took down a tree branch that crashed through a driver's windshield and led to their death. Cumberland County Coroner Charley Hall said Shannon Lee Martin, 22, of Loysville died early Monday after going into cardiac arrest at a hospital outside Harrisburg.
Hall said Martin was driving near Mechanicsburg late Sunday night when the branch fell. It struck them in the chest, breaking their ribs and lacerating their heart.
In Coventry, R.I., police are investigating the hit-and-run death of a 19-year-old man. They say the driver was possibly operating a snowplow on a snow-covered road.
UNITED NATIONS Samples taken from the site of a deadly toxic gas attack in Syria and analysed by British scientists have tested positive for sarin or a sarin-like substance, Britain's U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft told the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday.
"The United Kingdom therefore shares the U.S. assessment that it is highly likely that the regime was responsible for a sarin attack on Khan Sheikhoun on 4 April," Rycroft said.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols)
An international team led by scientists at the National Institutes of Health is the first to discover a new way that cells fix an important and dangerous type of DNA damage known as a DNA-protein cross-link (DPC). The researchers found that a protein named ZATT can eliminate DPCs with the help of another protein, TDP2. Since DPCs form when individuals receive some types of cancer treatments, understanding how TDP2 and ZATT work together to repair the damage may improve the health outcomes of cancer patients. The findings were published in the journal Science.
Researchers knew that TDP2 was important for removing DPCs, but they did not know how it was directed to where it needed to work, according to corresponding author Scott Williams, Ph.D., deputy chief of the Genome Integrity and Structural Biology Laboratory at the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), part of NIH. Williams and their team used a multi-pronged approach to identify ZATT as a new contributor to this process and determine how it guides TDP2 to DPCs so they can be repaired.
To visualize how these proteins choreograph DPC repair, one must first know how DPCs are created. Matthew Schellenberg, Ph.D., an NIEHS visiting fellow and lead author on the paper, said when DNA becomes tangled inside of cells, organisms use a protein called topoisomerase 2 (TOP2) to untangle it.
"Imagine your DNA is a giant ball of yarn," Schellenberg said. "TOP2 cuts and reties individual threads to disentangle the ball."
Schellenberg explained that TOP2 normally conceals its cut DNA ends within the core of the TOP2 protein that encircles DNA. Doing so ensures the protein can complete the second part of its job, which is rejoining DNA ends. However, chemotherapeutic drugs or environmental chemicals sometimes block the protein's DNA-retying ability, so that TOP2 remains stuck on DNA. This situation creates a stable TOP2-DPC complex, which leads to the accumulation of severed DNA that kills cells.
Williams likened TOP2-DPCs to ticking time bombs for cells. They said these molecular charges are armed by TOP2's interaction with environmental toxicants, chemical metabolites, tobacco exposures, or DNA damage caused by ultraviolet light.
They added that TOP2-DPCs are most potently formed by pharmaceutical drugs that humans exploit to eradicate cancer cells, making TOP2-DPCs double-edged swords. If they are not removed, they trigger cell death. While cancer drugs induce formation of TOP2-DPCs to treat cancer, TOP2-DPC lesions can also be the source of disease, as they can cause rearrangement of an organism's genome that leads to cancer. For this reason, Williams and their colleagues said it was necessary to learn how DPCs are located and broken down.
"In this study, we discovered a new molecular disarmament apparatus for these cell-killing bombs," Williams said. "ZATT is like a bomb sniffing dog, so when it locates its target, it sounds an alarm to mobilize the recruitment of TDP2, which cuts the red wire to disarm these threats."
Schellenberg said chemotherapeutic drugs, such as etoposide, are not the only pharmaceuticals that induce DPCs. Many of the antibiotics that are currently on the market use the same method to damage bacterial DNA. They said this work was part of a larger effort to figure out how researchers can exploit this key vulnerability to improve health.
"We've discovered how we defend against this potent means of cell killing," Schellenberg said. "It is our hope that this information will enable development of new drugs that target these defenses. By lowering the defenses, we may make drugs that kill cancer cells more effective."
###
NIEHS supports research to understand the effects of the environment on human health and is part of NIH. For more information on environmental health topics, visit http://www. niehs. nih. gov . Subscribe to one or more of the NIEHS news lists (http://www. niehs. nih. gov/ news/ newsroom/ newslist ) to stay current on NIEHS news, press releases, grant opportunities, training, events, and publications.
About the National Institutes of Health (NIH): NIH, the nation's medical research agency, includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic, clinical, and translational medical research, and is investigating the causes, treatments, and cures for both common and rare diseases. For more information about NIH and its programs, visit http://www. nih. gov .
Grant Numbers:
ZIAES102765
ZICES102488
ZIAES050111
R01GM105404
Reference: Schellenberg MJ, Lieberman JA, Herrero-Ruiz A, Butler LR, Williams JG, Munoz-Cabello AM, Mueller GA, London RE, Cortes-Ledesma F, Williams RS. 2017. ZATT (ZNF451)-mediated resolution of topoisomerase 2 DNA-protein cross-links. Science 357(6358):1412-1416.
Barnes & Noble terminates CEO for company policy violations
NEW YORK (AP) — Barnes & Noble Inc. is terminating CEO Demos Parneros after barely a year on the job for violating company policies.
The New York bookseller said Tuesday Parneros' termination has nothing to do with financial reporting or potential fraud. It didn't provide other specifics about which policies Parneros violated.
Parneros was appointed CEO in April 2017 after joining Barnes & Noble as chief operating officer in November 2016. They won't receive severance or remain on the company's board.
Three executives will lead Barnes & Noble while the company searches for a permanent replacement. Leonard Riggio, the company founder and chairperson, will also be involved in management.
Parneros was Barnes & Nobles' fifth CEO in less than a decade.
Law firm Paul, Weiss advised its board of directors on the move.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Talkback 16 callers discuss plenty including a Patriots fan in our newsroom and Groundhog Day. But one caller wants to know, what is up with our backyard train?
Neither Linda Chen nor Christina Kishimoto, the two finalists for state schools superintendent, have ever worked in Hawaii's public educaton system – or even lived here in the islands.
Neither Linda Chen nor Christina Kishimoto, the two finalists for state schools superintendent, have ever worked in Hawaii's public educaton system – or even lived here in the islands.
The two candidates to become Hawaii's next public school's superintendent were introduced during a press conference on Thursday.
The two candidates to become Hawaii's next public school's superintendent were introduced during a press conference on Thursday.
The Department of Education officially introduced Christina Kishimoto as the next head of Hawaii's public schools Wednesday morning.
The Department of Education officially introduced Christina Kishimoto as the next head of Hawaii's public schools Wednesday morning.
The woman chosen to lead Hawaii's Public Schools isn't sitting well with their current school district.
Christina Kishimoto is at the center of a nearly $1 million controversy with their current district, located just outside of Phoenix, Ariz.
In a report just made public, auditors found their district was over-counting enrollment figures. Because schools get money based on student attendance, the state overpaid the district $962,767. Now the state of Arizona wants that money back.
"I don't believe it was intentional," said Julie Smith, Former Gilbert Public Schools Board Member. "If the audit is done and the appeal is done and the state says no the district has to pay it. Responsibility does stop with the superintendent," said Smith.
Smith says the overcounting started before Kishimoto took over as superintendent and continued the two years they were there.
Prior to Kishimoto's selection by Hawaii's Board of Education, there were questions about their resume.
Critics claimed they clashed with their current school board. Hawaii News Now also learned another school district in Connecticut didn't renew their contract. At the time the board called the information "inconsequential" and "invalid."
Hawaii News Now spent Wednesday reaching out to members of the Board of Education. Bruce Voss did respond, saying they hadn't heard about the audit and had no comment.
We also reached out Kishimoto asking for an interview, but have not gotten a response.
Them last day in their current district is June 30. Them first day as Hawaii's new superintendent is August 1.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
CTV Atlantic
A 22-year-old man is in hospital with serious injuries after their vehicle left a highway in Lunenburg County Monday morning.
The RCMP responded to the scene on Highway 325 in Maitland, N.S. just after 2:20 a.m.
Police say some residents awoke to find a 2000 Pontiac Sunfire on their front lawn, and the power pole in front of their home damaged.
The driver, and lone occupant of the vehicle, sustained serious injuries and was taken to the South Shore Regional Hospital in Bridgewater. The Lunenburg County man was later transported to the Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre in Halifax.
Police say Highway 325 is closed between Northfield Road and Big Lots Road.
The cause of the collision is under investigation.
The global Organic Personal Care Product Market to reach USD 27.08 billion by 2024. The personal caremarketis driven by a rise in awareness and benefits associated with personal care products. Improved standard of living coupled with rising disposable income of middle-class population in emerging countries of Asia Pacific such as India and China is anticipated to drive growth of this market.
Skincare segment holds the larger revenue share of the market, followed by other segments such as hair care and oral care. The market is expected to witness growth over the forecast period with an increasing inclination of consumers towards organic products. Over the coming years, increasing penetration of these products coupled with product availability and the strengthening of distribution channels is expected to benefit the market.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/organic-personal-care-products-market
Personal care products market is observing a standard shift from petrochemicals derived ingredients to organic personal care products. The market is mostly driven by growing health awareness about the health hazards associated with the use of synthetic personal care products, which consists of chemicals such as parabens, petroleum-based chemicals, phthalates, and aluminium salts. Strengthening of distribution channels and new product launches emerging economies is expected to generate growth in the market.
North America commands the highest share in the organic personal care product market, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to witness relative fast growth over the forecast period, owing to the increasing consumption of personal care products in countries such as China and India.
Hexa Research has segmented the global organic personal care products market based on product and region:
Segmentation by product, 2014 – 2024 (USD Billion)
• Skin Care
• Hair Care
• Oral Care
• Others
Segmentation by region, 2014 – 2024 (USD Billion)
• North America
• US
• Europe
• Germany
• France
• UK
• Asia Pacific
• China
• India
• Southern and Central America
• Brazil
• Middle East and Africa
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/personal-care-and-cosmetics-market
A teacher suffered a suspected broken toe and eight people were charged with disorderly conduct after a dispute between two families at Mullewa District High School yesterday afternoon.
Police are also investigating reports a person armed themselves with a pair of scissors during the incident.
Staff first called police to the school about 11am to help control an argument between two students.
About 1pm, police were again called, with a report about 20 adults and children were causing a disturbance at the front of the school on Jose Street.
Additional police from Geraldton were dispatched last night and this morning to help restore order and bolster the police presence in Mullewa.
Full report in tomorrow's Midwest Times print edition.
Have you ever wondered why animals avoid dangers by sensing some "signs" possibly related to the danger? A simple form of this phenomenon is called "fear conditioning", which is a type of learning commonly seen in every animal on the earth. By manipulating activity of specific neurons of the zebrafish brain, scientists at the National Institute of Genetics (NIG) in Japan have elucidated a neuronal population essential for fear conditioning in zebrafish. The study, published in the April 25 issue of BMC Biology, suggests that such a neural circuit essential for fear conditioning exists and is conserved during vertebrate evolution.
How can animals avoid dangers to survive? If animals experienced dangerous events together with some "signs", animals memorize the sign, became in fear of it, and perform fear responses, for instance an escape behavior. This is a type of learning, which is called "fear conditioning". In mammals including humans, the amygdala, one of the structures of the brain, plays an important role in fear conditioning. However, how the brain structure and neural circuits essential for fear conditioning have been conserved (or changed) during vertebrate evolution has not been known. Zebrafish, a popular model animal in biological studies, can perform fear conditioning as well as human and other mammals. Professor Kawakami's group has succeeded in developing technologies for visualizing and manipulating specific brain neurons in zebrafish by employing the yeast transcription factor Gal4, the green fluorescent protein (GFP), and the botulinum neurotoxin (BoTx). They have generated a collection of transgenic fish lines being used to study brain functions as well as other various organs by zebrafish researchers all over the world. Of the nearly 2,000 such transgenic fish lines in their lab, one played an important role in the current study that labels neurons in the dorsomedial (Dm) area of the telencephalon of zebrafish.
"In mammals including human and mouse, fear conditioning is mediated by a brain area called the amygdala. The amygdala integrates information about dangerous events, like electric shock, and some signs, such as visual or auditory stimuli. However, in fish, such neurons have not been found." Prof. Kawakami said.
"It is important to explore such neurons in fish because we can increase the knowledge about fundamental neural circuits for animals to perform evolutionary conserved fear conditioning"
For this purpose, Dr. Lal, a former graduate student in their lab, developed a behavioral analysis system. Fish are placed with a small tank with two compartments. Green LEDs are not harmful to fish. They gave electric shocks while green LEDs are on ten times a day for five consecutive days. Finally, when green LEDs are on, fish learned to escape from the compartment which was illuminated, and moved to another compartment.
"It is fun to see how smart they are" Dr. Lal said.
Using these technologies and resources, they have found that neurons in the region called Dm of the telencephalon of fish are essential for fear conditioning. Namely, these neurons are a functional equivalent of the amygdala of mammals. This result is a clue to clarify the structure and evolution of the neural circuit essential for fear conditioning.
Prof. Kawakami showed us their zebrafish facility where thousands of fish tanks can be seen, each of which contains genetically different fish that can turn on, or drive the GFP or BoTx expression in different types of neurons in the brain or in the body.
"This work showcases a successful application of our genetic resources in the study of the brain function. It is also expected to be the basis for clarifying the causes and treatment of diseases involving fear and anxiety and PTSD.", Prof. Kawakami said.
###
This study was supported partly by JSPS KAKENHI Grant Numbers JP15H02370 and JP16H01651, and NBRP from Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED).
© AFP 2017/ JOSE JORDAN Ecuador Leader Calls for Pro-Gov't Rally Amid Protests Against Election Results
MEXICO CITY (Sputnik) — The second round of Ecuador's presidential election was held on April 2, with candidate from the ruling left-wing PAIS Alliance party Lenin Moreno having received 51.15 percent of votes and their opponent Guillermo Lasso from the opposition Creo-Suma alliance having got 48.85 percent.
Lasso demanded full recount of votes immediately after announcement of preliminary results of the presidential election explaining their request by a 8-percent gap between the results of voting and exit-polls. The National Electoral Council agreed only on partial recounts of votes.
Last week, the National Electoral Council confirmed Moreno's victory after having recounted 296,000 votes. On Tuesday, about 1.2 million votes will be recounted.
It's truly unfair to cast aspersions before a character has even uttered one line, but check out this new X-Files casting and tell us you don't get Diana Fowley vibes, OK?
Barbara Hershey will recur on Season 11 of the Fox sci-fi series, our sister site Deadline reports. Them character, Erika Price, is “a powerful figure who represents a mysterious organization.” And while yes, that could describe a whole lot of people who've crossed Mulder and Scully's paths in the past, there's something about this one — maybe it's the hair? — that brings to mind the slippery and rather untrustworthy Ms. Fowley.
Hershey's recent TV credits include Damien and Once Upon a Time. They join a cast that includes — as TVLine exclusively reported earlier Monday — returnees Lauren Ambrose and Robbie Amell, as well as series stars David Duchovny, Gillian Anderson and Mitch Pileggi.
Hit the comments and log your predictions about Hershey's character!
German economist, Martin Heipertz, spent several years in Kosovo as deputy head of the industrial and financial sector of the International Civilian Office, which later evolved into an EU mission in the region (EULEX).
After their time in Kosovo, Heipertz wrote a book called "Macchiato diplomacy — Kosovo — the blind zone of Europe", they spoke about it to Sputnik Serbia.
Sputnik: Why coffee?
Martin Heipertz: Coffee has always been a symbol of friendly chatter and rest. Sipping coffee, they say something about everything. And we never spoke about serious political issues while drinking coffe. In Henry Kissinger's epic book, "Diplomacy", they develop the concept of strategic policy, and my book is a reverse story, which shows that all diplomacy in this case was reduced to talking over a cup of coffee.
Sputnik: What does it mean — the blind zone of Europe?
Martin Heipertz: I think as a motorist. You don't see what's happening in the blind zone. This applies to Kosovo — that's how in Western and Central Europe the issue of Kosovo is perceived. The matter is sometimes raised before society, and then again forgotten, and no one talks about it. And it's necessary to talk about Kosovo constantly, it shouldn't be in the blind zone.
READ MORE: US Pulling the Strings of Power in Kosovo — Expert
Sputnik: Does this mean that Kosovo as a state is a failed project?
Martin Heipertz: Kosovo is an inefficient project that shows us an example of how a quasi-state looks.
Sputnik: So Europe made a mistake recognizing the independence of Kosovo?
Martin Heipertz: Everyone should answer this question based on their own interests. If we think that it was possible to find a better solution, then we are mistaken.
Sputnik: There wasn't one?
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev Kosovo's Plan B: If Not Accepted Into EU, Join Albania? When I arrived in Kosovo, the decision (on recognition of independence) had already been made, so I do not know if there was an alternative. But if someone asked me, I would say that the best solution for Kosovo would be the Tyrol model, an autonomy. Kosovo's autonomy within Serbia. But I don't know if it would have been realistic and if it wasn't too late to make such a decision.
Sputnik: Can something from what you've mentioned still be realized now?
Martin Heipertz: I think time has already passed and no other decision on Kosovo can be made now.
Sputnik: In your book you often mention corruption as the main problem in Kosovo. You worked in the international administration system, how large is the system's responsibility for the problem remaining unsolved?
Martin Heipertz: The Bible says that we tend to see the speck in our brother's eye but fail to notice the beam in our own eye. Corruption is a problem in many states, it's not only the problem of Kosovo. We at EULEX wanted to create a legal state, and this turned out to be a very high goal, so we failed to reach it. Our result was very bad. I don't criticize the fact that corruption rules in Kosovo, but us, because we couldn't do anything about it.
Sputnik: You've said that the United States played a critical role is the Kosovo issue. Why did Europe agree to it?
Martin Heipertz: I'm often pretty provocative talking about European impotence. I think Europe can't show itself as a force, because it does not have an inner unity. We need a political union, a political union within the EU in order to implement coordinated foreign policy. That we can also impliment by military means in some cases.
© Sputnik/ Mary Radovic Martin Heipertz
Sputnik: In other words, does the EU need its own army?
Martin Heipertz: Yes. We lack political unity and therefore lack a common foreign policy and a unified army.
READ MORE: There Can Be No European Army 'Without NATO's Blessing' – Serbian General
Sputnik: But what about NATO?
Martin Heipertz: NATO is a collective security system, not an instrument of active foreign policy. That's why we are divided and weak, and we give, so to speak, the battlefield to America, Russia, Turkey, Saudi Arabia. We have a strong economy, but there's no common foreign policy.
Sputnik: Should recognition of Kosovo's independence be a condition for Serbia's accession to the EU?
© AP Photo/ Darko Vojinovic Kosovo's Destiny: Which Path Serbia's Breakaway Region May Take I don't want to compare the situation, but West Germany couldn't pursue a foreign policy towards Russia and the East, until it reconciled and became accustomed to the idea of ​​losing the eastern territories. Serbia will be able to normalize political relations with the EU if it gets used to the idea of losing Kosovo.
Sputnik: What do you think of the Spanish non-paper document on Kosovo's European integration?
Martin Heipertz: I wouldn't recommend equating the attitude of Spain and the EU towards Kosovo.
The views and opinions expressed by Martin Heipertz are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into their new role, they are also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by their predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election they defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
They fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that they intend to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of their predecessor.
They were also candid about the scope of obstacles they face: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Trump says US troops will be coming home, but wants to leave 'strong and lasting footprint' in Syria.
With an arsenal of couture and prominent friends like Cecil Beaton, Cristóbal Balenciaga and Hubert de Givenchy, Mona Bismarck's gilded style is the focus of a new exhibition at the Frazier History Museum in Louisville.
A world-class designer shopper, the globetrotting midcentury socialite helped popularize halter-neck tops, asymmetric bias-cut dresses, colorless nail polish, aquamarine and double-strand pearls. Partial to ivory or white eveningwear when the rest of the crowd was wearing Little Black Dresses, Bismarck culled their own sense of style and in doing so befriended Balenciaga and Givenchy. In 1933, they became the first American to be named “Best-Dressed Woman in the World,” at a time when leading French couturiers like Coco Chanel, Madeleine Vionnet and Lucien Lelong made that call. They won again in 1934 and 1936 and remained in the top 10 when the list switched hands. And when Balenciaga announced their retirement, Bismarck retreated to their bedroom for three days. Word of their distress was reported by Diana Vreeland, who was believed to have been a guest at Bismarck's Il Fortino villa in Capri, at that time.
Through the course of their five marriages, Bismarck was wed at one point to the most handsome man in America, James Irving Bush and a year after their divorce, to the richest man in America, Harrison Williams. Them social circle included President Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, Princess Grace, Truman Capote, Tennessee Williams and Greta Garbo. On view through July 29, “Magnificent Mona Bismarck” presents 50 ensembles from their Golden Years in the Thirties through the Seventies. Along with a shocking pink Schiaparelli dinner jacket, Givenchy silk organza cocktail pajamas, a black Vionnet Chantilly lace dress with trompe l'oeil bows over a pale pink lamé slip, a Verdura lion's paw brooch, and 24 pairs of Roger Vivier pumps, there are 36 Balenciaga garments and hats. Artists such as Salvador Dalí captured their feline-like eyes and blue-gray hair in portraits — a reproduction of which is also on view.
Perhaps more insightful are the personal letters from Balenciaga and other confidantes, as well as drawings, sketches and photographs including images from Beaton, Edward Steichen and Horst P. Horst. Having reviewed the lifetime of correspondence Bismarck gave to The Filson Historical Society, “Magnificent Mona Bismarck” curator Scott Rogers said they “never, ever once mentioned their clothing — not even to letters to Balenciaga or Givenchy. They're mostly about gardening. And they were very committed to supporting the soldiers in WWII. There were endless letters asking Mona, ‘Please help me. We're destitute.' Then there are letters thanking them profusely for their kindness,” Rogers said. “Beauty has to have some sort of inner conversion for it to not just be surface. Mona had that generosity of spirit.”
Rogers disputed reports that Bismarck agreed to a $500,000 divorce settlement from their first husband Henry J. Schlesinger in exchange for giving them full custody of their toddler son. The divorce settlement “very clearly states” because of the sex of the child, a boy, they should be left in the care of their father, they said. “There is absolutely no mention of any money or exchange whatsoever other than the fact their husband was incredibly powerful and wanted an heir. It was reported in the divorce settlement that it had been an abusive marriage. Mona was petrified. That was also supported by letters from their dear aunt, saying, ‘We're so sorry you're so miserable. Come home. You always have a home here.'”
Bismarck died in 1983 (in a pink and black Givenchy gown.) After their 30-year alliance with Balenciaga ended with their retirement, they became more devoted to Givenchy, who once wrote,”Her life is worthy of a novel with all things beautiful.” While a lot of people are coming to see the clothes in the Louisville show, “they will be blown away by this incredible gracious woman” as evident by the show's ancillary material and letters, they said. “She was just so way and beyond their attire,” Rogers said.
Accustomed to seeing historic black-and-white photos of Bismarck, Rogers was floored to see how incredibly colorful their wardrobe was and the well-thought out choices they made for their color palette. And rather than favor Balenciaga's sculptural designs and enveloping gazar fabric, “preferred the height of conventionality as a fine woman would,” Rogers said. So much so, that Stephanie Wood, co-curator of the V&A's recent “Balenciaga: Shaping Fashion” commented at last week's opening “how Mona's Balenciaga world was so drastically different than their historic Balenciaga world,” Rogers said.
Raised in Kentucky “as a proper Southern lady,” Bismarck dressed the part with an innate femininity preferring “very simple cuts, monochromatic but with the most exquisite fabrics and surface details,” said Rogers, adding they often altered necklines “to accommodate their incredibly beautiful jewels.” Visitors will see notes from Balenciaga, thanking Bismarck for dinners they hosted, and a gift of a bilboquet (which Rogers presumed must have been an exquisite piece from their travels.) “That's the person they are, giving really charming gifts or pots of jam made from the fruits in their garden on Capri. There is a lovely letter from Beaton thanking them for the Christmas figs. Deep friendship was a quality not lost on them Gore Vidal said, ‘When Mona likes something, they stick with it.'” Rogers said. “That certainly was the case with their relationship with Balenciaga. In 1929, when Beaton first met them at the family's estate in Oyster Bay, Oak Point, they wrote, ‘She's a rock crystal goddess with aquamarine eyes.'”
While “little black dresses have essentially been in vogue forever, Mona often chose to wear white and ivory in contrast to all the lovely ladies in black,” according to Rogers. The 20 gowns, spanning 1950 to 1976, have stopped visitors for another reason. “We've gotten a lot of comments about the variation in sizes. Certainly, life happens and the body changes. I made a special point to include that and to not just include small sizes. I consider it a retrospective and want people to know them How their body changed through the decades was part of that and shouldn't be denied or hidden,” they said.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
One killed in US military helicopter crash in Maryland
by Staff Writers
Washington (AFP) April 17, 2017
The T-6 Texan II is a single-engine, two seat aircraft initially produced by Raytheon Aircraft. It is based on the civilian aircraft Pilatus PC-9 Mk II. The unarmed plane is capable of flying at 320 miles per hour at a range of 900 nautical miles.
The enterprise received $9.2 million in fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds at the time of the contracting award. The project will be managed by the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center.
Beechcraft will perform the services at its facility in Wichita, Kansas, and is expected to complete its tasks by the end of April 2021.
The program is associated with the procurement of T-6 Texan II trainer aircraft, a platform used to train Air Force and U.S. Navy pilots. Services will include program management, engineering, sustainment, deficiency reporting, and maintenance.
Washington (UPI) Apr 17, 2017 - Beechcraft Defense received a $60.5 million contract from the U.S. Air Force to support the Joint Primary Aircraft Training System.
A crewmember was killed and two others injured when a US Army helicopter crashed at a golf course in the US state of Maryland on Monday, officials said.
The UH-60 Blackhawk was conducting a routine training flight when it crashed onto the golf course in St Mary's County in southern Maryland outside Washington.
The military initially described the incident as a "hard landing" but photos posted on social media showed the aircraft had been totally destroyed.
Three crew members were on board. Of the two injured crew members, one was in serious condition and one in critical condition, the Army said in a statement.
The Blackhawk was from the 12th Aviation Battalion, stationed at Davison Airfield, Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
Navy lifting ban on T-45 pilot trainer flights
Washington (UPI) Apr 17, 2017 - The U.S. Navy ban on T-45 pilot training flights is being lifted Monday but with a new altitude restriction in place, the Navy announced.
The pilot trainer will now fly below 10,000 feet to avoid the use of the aircraft's On Board Oxygen Generator System as authorities continue to investigate the causes of physiological episodes experienced in the cockpit by aircrew.
Air crew will also wear a modified mask that circumvents the OBOGS system.
"After briefings and discussions with our aircrew, their training wing leadership, the engineers, and aeromedical experts, we have identified a way forward to resume flight operations safely by limiting the maximum cabin altitude to below 10,000 feet in order be able to operate without using the OBOGS system," Naval Air Forces Commander Vice Adm. Mike Shoemaker said in a press release. "We will be able to complete 75 percent of the syllabus flights with the modified masks while we continue the important engineering testing and analysis at PAX River [Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Md.] to identify the root cause of the problem.
"This will remain our top safety priority until we fully understand all causal factors and have identified a solution that will further reduce the risks to our aircrew."
Training flights using the T-45C from Naval Air Stations in Florida and Mississippi were canceled late last month amid reports from instructor-pilots on incidents of physiological problems while in the cockpit. A pause on operation was later imposed for a minimum of a week.
The Navy said instructor pilots will now initially conduct warm-up flights, after which they will brief the remaining pilots and students in their squadron on using the modified equipment.
The Navy is working with outside agencies, NAVAIR, flight surgeons, physiologists and toxicologists as it attempts to find the main cause of the physiological problems reported.
Washington (UPI) Apr 10, 2017
U.S. Air Force F-35A Lightning II aircraft will soon head to Europe to perform military exercises, marking the plane's first operational deployment. In a statement released by the U.S. Department of Defense on Friday, the Pentagon revealed the Air Force will participate in training events alongside NATO and other U.S. forces to support the European Reassurance initiative. U.S. an ... read more
Related Links
× Scientists create ‘test-tube rhino' in hopes of saving dying species
Scientists have used in-vitro fertilization techniques to develop hybrid rhino embryos — “test-tube rhinos” — which could help save the endangered northern white rhinoceros species, according to a new study.
The team was also able to extract stem cell lines from southern white rhino embryos, a closely related subspecies to northern white rhinos, which could be used to make reproductive cells such as eggs and sperm to create embryos.
These techniques could become a valuable tool in the conservation of rhino populations, according to the research published Wednesday in the journal Nature Communications.
“It shows for the first time that modern technology can offer some options for conservation when the situation gets very bad, when species become endangered, such as the case of the northern white rhino,” said Cesare Galli, who works at Avantea's laboratory of reproductive technologies and was one of the authors of the report.
The northern white rhinoceros is the most endangered mammal in the world. Sudan, the northern white rhino's last male — once called the “most eligible bachelor in the world” by the dating app Tinder — died in March. That leaves only two females, Najin and Fatu, to represent the subspecies,
Over the past two decades, attempts at establishing a sustainable northern white rhino population — including natural breeding programs as well as artificial insemination — have been unsuccessful, according to Jan Stejskal, director of communication and international projects at the Dvůr Králové Zoo in the Czech Republic, who was involved in the study.
Recent efforts to repopulate the northern white rhino have been hamstrung by the fact that both Najin and Fatu are infertile, according to the study.
However, scientists believed that assisted reproduction technologies used on equines could also be transferred to northern white rhinos as a way of boosting their reproductive capacity, the study says.
Among horses, assisted reproduction technologies have resulted in pregnancy 50% of the time, according to Galli.
Using similar techniques, the scientists were able to fertilize southern white rhinoceros eggs taken from different females in European zoos with previously frozen northern white rhinoceros sperm, creating hybrid embryos. The procedure had never been attempted among northern and southern white rhinos, according to the study.
The embryos have been frozen for possible implantation.
“What we've done is very similar to what's done to couples with fertility problems,” Galli said. “We've made a test-tube rhino.”
Embryo transfer — or the use of a surrogate mother — has never been accomplished in rhinos, according to Roth. Nonetheless, if successful, the goal is to create a population of hybrid rhinos — both southern white and northern white rhinos.
Several generations of intensive interbreeding would dilute out the southern white rhino genes, “getting us to the point where we basically have a 99% northern white rhino,” says Terri Roth, vice-president of conservation and science and CREW director at the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden, who was not involved in the study.
Sperm, eggs and Petri dishes
The extraction of stem cell lines from southern white rhino embryos was another outcome of the research, according to the study.
By creating embryo stem cell lines from southern white rhinos, scientists demonstrated what Roth calls “proof of concept,” meaning that if you could achieve this outcome with a southern white rhino, you could ostensibly achieve a similar outcome in the northern white rhino.
It's a feat that, in theory, would allow the research team to produce sperm and eggs from the cells, which could then hypothetically be used to create northern white rhino embryos, according to Roth.
In the future, they also hope to use frozen skin cells taken from 13 northern white rhinos to create induced pluripotent stem cells. These cells are adult cells, such as blood or skin cells, that are reprogrammed to act like stem cells. From these, sperm and eggs could be derived, which can in turn be used to create the embryo.
The embryos could then be implanted in a surrogate mother, most likely a southern white rhino, to produce a northern white rhino.
“The beauty of it is that we have a southern white rhino that is very closely related to the northern white rhino, and it's very likely that a southern white rhino could carry a northern white embryo to term,” Roth said.
However, because of the complexity around creating pure northern white rhino embryos, Galli estimates that it will take 10 years to accomplish.
The future of conservation
As more species slide towards extinction, the use of assisted reproductive technologies as a conservation mechanism has entered the spotlight.
Many scientists see these technologies as a valuable tool in the repopulation of disappearing species. Artificial insemination — an assisted reproductive technology — has been used to produce offspring with 60 mammals, including the giant panda, black-footed ferret and Asian elephant, and 35 non-domestic birds.
Yet the use of assisted reproduction for wildlife conservation is still rare, according to a paper co-authored by Roth, having been met with a lot of resistance from within the animal conservation community.
For Galli, it's a simple matter of using the best tools at your disposal.
“Many people working in conservation are strongly against using biotechnologies, which seems crazy, because if you have the technology, why not use it for the good?” they said.
Burgeoning new technology — such as the methods used in this study — may offer promising alternatives for conservation efforts, but technology is not a panacea for wildlife conservation, according to Roth.
“The concern in the conservation community is that people will hear this and think, ‘We can save the rhinos with science and then become more complacent about the other strategies we have in action now,' ” Roth said.
Roth doesn't believe that one size will fit all. Rather, they urge for multiple strategies — including forest conservation, natural breeding programs, the use of rangers to guard against poaching and assisted reproductive technologies — to be used in wildlife conservation.
“We should be working on all fronts,” Roth said.
“It's very unfortunate that we find ourselves in this situation. I do think that if there's one thing we should learn from this, it's that we shouldn't allow species to get to such a critical state that these high-tech approaches are the only ways of saving its genes.”
FILE PHOTO: Bob Dudley, CEO of BP, speaks during an interview at the Argentina Business and Investment Forum 2016, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Enrique Marcarian/File Photo
LONDON Investors' advisory firm PIRC is urging BP's (BP.L) shareholders to vote against Chief Executive Bob Dudley's new pay package, calling it "excessive" even after the changes which have been made following a shareholder revolt last year.
Pensions & Investment Research Consultants (PIRC) also advised shareholder clients in a note to abstain in a non-binding vote at BP's annual general meeting in London on May 17 on Dudley's 40 percent cut in pay to $11.6 million (£9 million) last year.
Last month BP reported the cut in Dudley's pay package for last year, and introduced changes from this year that will lower its top executives' performance incentives, after around 60 percent of shareholders opposed its previous pay policy at last year's annual general meeting.
"Overall, the proposed changes... are considered positive," PIRC said.
"However, these (changes) are considered insufficient to support the remuneration policy. The CEO's maximum potential awards under all incentive schemes are considered excessive at 725 percent of salary."
In contrast Glass Lewis, another shareholder advisory firm, has recommended a vote in favour of the changes.
"Given the committee's strong response to shareholder dissent at last year's AGM, we believe shareholders can reasonably support this proposal," Glass Lewis said in a note.
"In particular, we view the discontinuation of share- matching awards and the broader simplification of incentive structures to be wholly positive."
A BP spokesperson declined to comment.
The changes, which will apply for the coming three years if approved by shareholders on May 17, include lowering Dudley's maximum long-term payout to five times salary from seven times and cutting bonus payments by a quarter.
Dudley's pay cut last year was a result of "downward discretion" to the four components of their total pay, the company said.
Even after a cut of nearly $8 million, Dudley's pay remains above that of their peers at rival European oil companies, including Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) where Chief Executive Ben van Beurden received 8.263 million euros (£7 million) in 2016 and Total (TOTF.PA) where Patrick Pouyanne was paid 3.8 million euros.
(Editing by Jane Merriman, Greg Mahlich)
“A total disaster.”
“Appalling.”
“A mosh pit and Woodstock combined.”
These were among the withering reviews received by Veterans Canada this year to its hosting of 25,000 Canadians in France for the centennial of the Battle of Vimy Ridge, one of the most famed military battles in this country's Canadian history.
It was a solemn occasion on April 9, the culmination of years of planning to make the event go smoothly. The ceremony was in the style of a Remembrance Day event, but bigger, with speeches, thousands of empty boots to symbolize the men killed, some interpretive dancing and a live TV broadcast in Canada.
Concerts and sports events handle similar crowds all the time. They bus people in, open lots of gates, supply portable toilets and water, give clear directions and let everyone go home when the event is over.
However, documents this newspaper obtained through an access-to-information request showed how visitors who travelled all the way from Canada were stranded, injured and left sweltering in the sun with no water. They were forced to urinate on the grass for lack of toilets and finally penned in enclosures for two hours or more after dignitaries — including Princes Charles, Harry and William and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau — drove away past them.
Seniors were pushed and shoved against metal gates by overcrowding. Some students gave up waiting and walked across the battlefield still containing some unexploded shells. Families were separated as darkness fell.
Many later wrote to Veterans Affairs Canada. While those in front of the monument agreed it had been a moving ceremony, thousands at the back could not see or hear and the logistics of handling 25,000 people broke down badly.
The visitors' letters — 397 pages of them — tell of heat exhaustion, thirst, full bladders and fear. Here are some excerpts, with the senders' names removed by Veterans Affairs.
• One woman wrote in simple detail of the danger to seniors caught in the exit crowd, waiting for buses to the hotel.
“When the ceremony ended at 6 p.m., we stood in a solid uncontrolled mass of people, crushed and pushed for over 3 hours until a shuttle bus would be available for a small number to charge ahead. A person near me fainted but did not slump over due to the close mass of people …
“After being pushed, shoved and crushed against a metal gate, I was separated from my husband and friends, on the opposite side of the gate, in the dark, with no one immediately near by who could speak my language to offer help. It has been described by most as cattle being herded onto cattle trains.
“By the time we reached our hotel at 11:30 p.m., we were so tired, injured and upset that eating a meal was impossible for most of us.”
Many in their group had to get up the following day at 3 a.m. to go to the airport. “A few of us seniors required wheelchairs at the airport due to the unfortunate incidents at the Vimy site.”
Them letter is calm right to the end, when they conclude: “SHAME SHAME ON YOU!”
• Another woman described the wait for buses this way: “Finally the crowd broke through the barriers. We were liked caged animals. (Name deleted) felt afraid and claustrophobic. It was just luck that this crowd was respectful of where we were and managed to keep calm.” They were separated from their husband early in the afternoon when they went to look for food and was not allowed to return to their original place. They found each other after the ceremony.
“This to me is unacceptable. We should not have been separated in such a large crowd of people,” they wrote.
“In the end, it appeared to us that the ceremony was mainly concerned (with) and driven by television coverage. Crowd control and crowd security was an afterthought. We felt very unsafe during the exit and during the wait for the shuttle bus.”
• A Canadian educational tour company called Education First brought a group of 9,000 visitors, most of them students. It wrote a formal complaint to Minister Kent Hehr:
While the visit was an honour, “sadly, that honour was diminished by extremely disappointing event management by Veterans Affairs Canada.”
It said that “provisions for safety, basic human needs and crowd control were dangerously inadequate,” and “some of our participants were injured departing the site.”
It added there was a real danger of trampling and there were two-hour waits for toilets.
During a full year of trying to contact Veterans Affairs before the event, the letter says, “we … were repeatedly met with no response or with empty assurances that all would become clear at a later date.” The company asks the minister for an apology and says it will abandon plans to participate in Juno 75 celebrations (in 2019) unless there is “a full review of VAC's dysfunctional planning” so that the company feels safer about the next event.
A spokesperson for the tour company said Friday that the injuries were somewhere “in the tens” and several involved heat stroke, while others occurred during the mass exit. As for the apology, they said the company was “satisfied with what we've heard back from VAC at this point. Clearly there are more conversations to be had. But VAC has expressed regret about the concerns we raised and has committed to working with us to improve moving forward.” (Juno 75 discussions are on again.)
“Talk about a mosh pit and Woodstock combined,” another letter said.
This was another visitor's entire email: “Wow, you knew how many people would have to be in the area south of the memorial and you could not get the sound right? Really sad that a large portion of the crowd, who travelled here at their own expense, could not hear or hardly see anything. Really, really sad. My tax dollars at work.”
Another visitor: “Good service. But the exit was a TOTAL disaster. It took three hours just to leave the grounds. No organization, no one in charge and no communication to the crowd. Canada Veterans Affairs (sic) who planned the event were a disgrace to all of Canada. Everyone I talked to when leaving said the same thing. Not a happy camper.”
• And the visitors weren't the only ones upset. Comments from 16 Canadian students working as Vimy guides showed they were all frustrated by the confusion as they tried to help visitors without help from Veterans Affairs. And they said plans were still not finalized by the day of the actual event. Again their names were deleted.
“The Overseas Events Team did an appalling job,” one wrote. “THOUSANDS of Canadians and others were let down by the sheer incompetence of the planning committee.” The temporary security staff were “about as useful as a bag of hammers” and many of them abandoned their posts, the guide added.
“As someone without a radio, I was truly stranded with the guests and had no way to help them,” one wrote.
“We were left responsible for thousands of people without support,” another said. “Being the only identifiable employees became almost dangerous as people yelled at us and threatened us.”
One guide said they were told afterwards to stay positive, which made the guides feel their experience didn't matter. A saying later developed among the staff: “We don't talk about April 9th.”
Bathrooms were key, the guides all agreed. One wrote: “You cannot prepare this type of event and not prepare for the necessities.”
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
MOSCOW, January 2 (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, the Consulate General confirmed that Russian citizen Nurana Hasanova was killed in the attack. It was initially alleged that the deceased woman was a citizen of Azerbaijan.
“Yes, the victim is actually a Russian citizen, relatives have identified her, a death certificate has been issued and, as far as we know, the body will be sent to homeland tonight. Since in recent years they lived in Azerbaijan, it will be sent there,” the press service told RIA Novosti.
They added that there were no other Russian citizens among those killed or wounded in the terrorist attack.
The Reina nightclub on Istanbul's European side was attacked during New Year's eve celebrations by a man who, according to witnesses, was talking in Arabic. The attacker is said to have opened fire from a Kalashnikov assault rifle. The manhunt is underway.
At least 39 people were killed, 69 injured as a result of the attack, according to the Turkish Interior Ministry. So far 38 out of 39 victims have been identified.
According to the media reports, among those killed there were 11 Turkish citizens, as well as citizens of Lebanon, Iraq, Tunisia, India, Morocco, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Canada, Israel and Syria.
BMW is planning to roll out an entire range of electric and electrified vehicles in the next few years, everything from SUVs to sports cars. Following news that the company has trademarked every "i" moniker, from i1 to i9, and iX1 to iX9, and even rumors that same battery technology making its way to future M cars, BMW is now doubling down on battery confidence.
Speaking with the Australian publication CarAdvice at an event in Munich, BMW Head of Battery Development, Andreas Raith, said that electric batteries should be able to last as long as internal combustion engines. Raith suggests that there is no field data to back up claims of early battery degradation in EVs.
"It's not a marketing statement, those batteries are designed to last as long as the vehicle," they said in a statement. When asked what BMW considers to be the lifecycle of a vehicle, Raith said "15 years and beyond."
With a plan to debut nearly a dozen EVs by the year 2025, the German automaker is betting big on battery power. BMW hopes that EVs will make up as much as 25 percent of its overall sales by the year 2025. Already the company is on track to sell 100,000 plug-in hybrid vehicles before the end of 2017, alongside an overall cumulative sales figure of around 200,000 vehicles.
Not even M cars will be safe from electrification. BMW Chairman Harald Kruger said in a statement, "we will be increasing the share of electrified models across all brands and model series. And yes, that also includes the Rolls-Royce brand and BMW M vehicles."
Source: CarAdvice
WIZARDS 104, KNICKS 100
John Wall scored 19 points, knocking down 9 of 14 shots in just under 24 minutes in Washington's preseason home win. Kelly Oubre scored 14 points and Bradley Beal added 13 for the Wizards.
Enes Kanter, a centre New York acquired in the deal that sent Carmelo Anthony to Oklahoma City, led the Knicks with 16 points. They made 6 of 11 shots.
WASHINGTON: The Wizards shot 47 per cent as Beal and Wall combined to make 15 of 25 shots.
NEW YORK: Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 15 points, Courtney Lee scored 12 and Jarrett Jack added 11. ... Joakim Noah played just 12 minutes as a reserve. ... The Knicks outrebounded the Wizards 46-36.
UP NEXT: The Wizards (2-0) host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday. The Knicks (0-2) host the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday.
____
CELTICS 110, 76ERS 102
Kyrie Irving scored 21 points on 7-of-14 shooting as Boston won at Philadelphia. Irving also had three assists in just under 25 minutes. Terry Rozier scored 13 points and Aron Baynes added 12 for the Celtics.
Jerryd Bayless scored 15 points and J.J. Redick added 12 for the 76ers.
BOSTON: New addition Gordon Hayward scored nine points on 4-for-9 shooting. ... Al Horford scored just seven points, but they had nine rebounds and two blocks in 19 minutes. ... Marcus Smart scored 11 points on 4-for-6 shooting.
PHILADELPHIA: Ben Simmons did a little of everything. They finished with eight points, five assists and three rebounds in just under 23 minutes. ... Rookie Markelle Fultz did not play because of shoulder soreness, and Joel Embiid sat out with a right knee injury.
UP NEXT: The 76ers (0-2) and the Celtics (2-0) square off again Monday in Boston.
____
PACERS 106, CAVALIERS 102
TJ Leaf scored 18 points, Domantas Sabonis added 17 and Indiana won at Cleveland as LeBron James missed their second straight preseason game. James hurt their ankle last week, but has been practicing. Dwyane Wade led Cleveland with 20 points and Jae Crowder added 17.
INDIANA: Victor Oladipo, who was acquired in the deal that sent Paul George to Oklahoma City, scored 14 points on 6-for-12 shooting and had five assists.
CLEVELAND: Derrick Rose scored 15 points and Kevin Love added nine points, seven rebounds and five assists.
UP NEXT: The Pacers (2-0) play at Detroit on Monday. The Cavaliers (0-2) play at Washington on Sunday.
____
PISTONS 109, HAWKS 87
Avery Bradley scored 18 points, Tobias Harris added 17 and Detroit beat Atlanta in a home preseason game. Henry Ellenson added 16 points for the Pistons.
Malcolm Delaney scored 15 points and Taurean Prince and John Collins each added 10 for the Hawks.
DETROIT: The Pistons shot 48.9 per cent from the field. ... Ish Smith scored 15 points, Anthony Tolliver scored 13 and Stanley Johnson added 10.
ALTANTA: The Hawks shot just 36.5 per cent and were outrebounded 57-37. ... Only three players reached double figures.
UP NEXT: The Pistons (1-1) will host the Indiana Pacers on Monday. The Hawks (1-2) will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday.
___
BULLS 114, BUCKS 101
Justin Holiday scored 21 points and Denzel Valentine, Nikola Mirotic and Bobby Portis each added 15 to help Chicago win a preseason home game. Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 24 points and Khris Middleton added 14 for Milwaukee.
CHICAGO: The Bulls bounced back from a 118-71 loss to Dallas on Wednesday. ... Chicago got 12 points from Robin Lopez and 11 from Kris Dunn. ... The Bulls shot 51.8 per cent from the field and made 17 of 34 3-pointers. ... Portis had 10 rebounds and Mirotic had seven.
MILWAUKEE: Antetokounmpo was their usual dominant self. They made 7 of 10 field goals and 9 of 13 free throws. ... Greg Monroe scored 10 points. ... The Bucks made just 9 of 28 3-pointers and were outrebounded 42-36.
UP NEXT: The Bulls (2-1) host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday. The Bucks (0-3) host the Detroit Pistons on Friday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball .
By Cliff Brunt, The Associated Press
× Hot Weather for Pineknotter Days
NORTHUMBERLAND, Pa. — A 46-year-old tradition in Northumberland County brought people to King Street Park in the borough of Northumberland.
Pineknotter Days is held every year during the first week of July.
Food, games, live music, and crafts are some of the ingredients of a fun event. And it perfectly describes Northumberland's 46th annual Pineknotter Days. Some people tell Newswatch 16 they consider Pineknotter Days the official Fourth of July kickoff.
“I've been coming here ever since I was 7 years old. I've been here when it first came out. They had rides on Second Street School, and it's a yearly thing. You come down here and you meet old friends you haven't seen in a long time,” said Michael Gordon of Northumberland.
Organizers say this year's event hasn't been as busy as in years past. They believe that's because of the heat.
“Some of our vendors didn't show up, and some of our crafters didn't show up because of the heat,” said Pineknotter Days co-chair Michael McWilliams.
So what is a pineknotter? It's a tough person because a pine knot is where the branch goes into the tree and forms a tight knot.
Many people attending the street fair had cold treats in hand. Aura Lee of Sunbury tells Newswatch 16 they come every year but won't stay long this time.
“We're sitting here melting, so we won't be here long today. We might come back after the sun starts to hide,” Lee said.
It was especially hot for food vendors.
Something else that could be keeping people away? Construction from the Duke Street project. To help with that, there is a free parking shuttle running from the old W and L Subaru on Route 11.
A federal jury in Topeka has acquitted a local real-estate developer of all 114 federal charges against him.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that 65-year-old Kent Douglas Lindemuth was found not guilty of the counts Friday. Lindemuth had been accused of hiding scores of handguns that could have been counted as assets in a bankruptcy case and lying under oath about it.
They had been charged with more than 100 counts of bankruptcy fraud tied to the handguns, two counts tied to the purchase of two cars and two more counts tied to concealing a bank account. They also faced a perjury count and six money laundering counts.
Lindemuth's attorney, William Skepnek, said Friday that the jury recognized that Lindemuth “did not commit any crimes.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester seem to like the European Challenge Cup, reaching the final for third time in four seasons.
The final will be a special one in the Basque city of Bilbao in Spain, breaking new ground and taking rugby to new territories.
The game is all about the silverware for Gloucester. They have virtually qualified for next season's Champions Cup due to Cardiff Rugby reaching the final after their victory over Pau.
Ackermann is right when they say their side have not won anything yet. Getting to the final in this unique setting will be great incentive for the Gloucester players, with a decent traveling support making it a ‘I was there' moment for the Shed heads.
In the semi, Newcastle did make Gloucester work hard, after the Northerners came out the blocks quickest with ex-Gloucester player Scott Lawson touching down for the first try.
Once Tom Marshall scored Gloucester's first try the team seemed to settle and move through the gears to what was, in the end, a comfortable victory.
The Falcons did have their moments but were inaccurate when in the attacking third.
I also think they had one eye on their next league game against Leicester at Welford Road, with victory ensuring they will be in the box seat for fourth spot in the Premiership.
Even though they did not score Jason Woodard is making a name for themselves at full-back for Gloucester.
They have the ability to beat the first defender and can also finish like an international winger.
Not since James Simpson-Daniel have the supporters been out of their seats to witness their electric pace and counter attacking skills; they have got to be in with a shout for a spot on the plane with England on their South African tour this summer.
The big games are coming thick and fast for Gloucester with Bath Rugby up next at Kingsholm.
As a player, Bath on a Saturday 3pm kick-off was the highlight for us and fans alike.
In the early days of my Gloucester career at times we felt inferior to Bath who were winning trophies for fun.
In those days being in a corner with backs against the wall bought out the best out in a Gloucester side who wanted to prove a point.
The atmosphere is like no other club game of the season. I have played in many a Bath derby game with the Bath team packed with mainly English internationals of the day, and at times we came up short.
But I also enjoyed some successes which were the sweetest of success.
The present day Gloucester side will beat Bath and ride the wave of emotion that comes with such victories.
Todd Blackadder, the Bath boss, is currently under great pressure to gain victory, after a largely disappointing season.
On the other hand, Gloucester need five points to take their quest for a top four spot into the last league game of the season against Saracens.
Well done to all the promoted teams
Congratulations to Paul Morris and their Cinderford side who secured promotion back into National One, the third tier of English rugby.
After being at Cinderford as a player, coach and director of Rugby operations I understand the desire the club has to be in a division which is very competitive.
All at the club must enjoy this time, a time of reflection, relief, and pride.
Once that is over Paul and their coaching staff will start all over again and prepare the squad for the new season ahead, and the new challenges that it will bring. Well done to all; enjoy this moment.
There were other successes in North Gloucestershire clubs, with Drybrook moving up to National League Three South West with promotion was secured against the fiercest of rivals, Newent, and must have been a sweet moment.
They will be joined by the Old Patesians who have been front-runners in South West (1) East all season.
Craig Jones has done a great job at the Everest Road club. Both Berry Hill and Widden Old Boys have been promoted from Gloucester One into Gloucester Premier. Adey Powles and Shaun Bryan have done great job respectively.
In Gloucester Two, Ross-on-Wye are promoted again; well done to Lee Osbourne. I will look forward to entertaining them at Cirencester next season.
To all the players, coaches who gained promotion enjoy the moment as these special moments do not happen very often and should be cherished, with memories made for life.
Talking of Ciren we played our last league game of the season, against Longlevens, which was played in the sunshine with the Griffins just edging it in a ten-try thriller.
We did have a conversion that was the last kick of the game to win; alas the kick just sailed wide.
After in the club we held an entertaining Q&A with Levens coaches John Afoa, former Ciren player Henry Trinder, and myself. I think the full clubhouse enjoyed it.
Voice of Gloucester will be missed
The voice of Gloucester Rugby for the last 40 years is retiring.
Graham Spring will be sorely missed and the professional, accurate way in which they kept the fans informed.
Enjoy being a spectator Graham.
The man who says they sent out the false ballistic missile alert last month in Hawaii that caused more than a half hour of panic said Friday they think they are being treated unfairly, and they were positive at the time the drill was real.
Scroll for more content...
The man, who said they don't want to be identified for security reasons, was fired by the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (HI-EMA) earlier this week. They told CNN on Friday that they feel terrible about what happened, but they did what they were trained to do.
They hope that by speaking out, they can help prevent a similar incident from happening in the 49 other states.
The drill began on the morning of January 13 as the man, who had been with the agency for 11 1/2 years, according to their lawyer, and their coworkers were just logging on to their computers at the beginning of their shifts, they said.
"I thought 100 percent it was real," said the former employee, who said they had been involved in about five prior missile drills.
The man said this time they never heard "exercise, exercise, exercise" over the secure phone for emergencies because someone picked up the handset before transferring it to a speaker.
The man said they heard the words "This is not a drill" in a voice they did not recognize and reacted as they were trained to do. They went on their computer and used a pull-down menu to send out the alert.
Bruce Oliveira, who conducted an HI-EMA investigation into the incident, said earlier this week that five other employees in the room heard the guidance that it was an exercise.
Oliveira, who retired from the Hawaii National Guard as brigadier general, also told reporters, "When it became apparent that the real-world alert was issued," the employee who sent it out "seemed confused, they froze and another employee had to take over their responsibilities."
The employee "had a history of confusing drill and real-world events," Oliveira said.
The man disagreed with the state's version of what happened and said there was no one in the room that said it was a drill.
The man blamed the incident on a variety of factors -- it was shift change, they and others lacked training, the drill was unannounced -- for the alert that wasn't corrected for 38 minutes.
They also said protocols for the drills they were involved in changed each time.
"The (state and the Federal Communications Commission) have false information in the reports," the man said.
Attorney Michael Green said their client was a scapegoat.
"No one was ready for this day," Green said by phone. "They were not ready and they were not programmed to do what they were supposed to do when this happened."
Green and their client pointed out there was no safeguard measures to withdraw the alert. Employees had to call in people from the IT department to get it canceled. The former employee said the whole thing was a failure in planning from top to bottom.
Report finds problems
An internal investigation found "that insufficient management controls, poor computer software design and human factors contributed" to the alert and a delayed correction message.
Maj. Gen. Joe Logan, Hawaii's state adjutant general, said Vern Miyagi, administrator of the state emergency management agency, resigned Tuesday.
Miyagi accepted full responsibility for the incident and the actions of their employees, Logan said. Another employee was suspended without pay and a third employee resigned before any disciplinary action was taken, Logan said.
Logan said they appointed Brig. Gen. Moses Kaoiwi, director of joint staff with the Hawaii National Guard, as interim agency administrator.
Recommendations are released
Oliveira made two dozen recommendations, including eliminating practice drills during a shift change, stronger confirmation prompts for those sending an alert, and improved training.
The former employee told CNN that the task they were assigned to do in sending the alert will now be a two-person job.
But they said that they think the military is better equipped for alerts. Before November, the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency's alerts were predominantly were about hurricanes, possible tsunamis and other Earth-driven events.
FCC report
Oliveira's findings echoed an Federal Communications Commission report issued Tuesday.
The FCC report said the emergency management worker thought the state was under attack and sent out the warning that sent residents into panic.
"Many things went wrong in Hawaii," FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a published statement. "I don't say this for the purpose of casting blame or disparaging Hawaiian officials. We simply need to identify the problems in order to fix them -- not just in Hawaii, but anywhere else where they may exist."
The worker would not speak to FCC officials in person and submitted the account of the incident in writing, the report noted. The man told CNN that it was three days before someone talked to them about the incident and that was when a supervisor asked them to write a statement.
They said they then missed more than a week of work due to stress-related illness after learning death threats had been made against them to agency officials. They said they saw a doctor for sleep issues. They also had their hearing tested (no issues there, they said).
Green said their client got stuck in the middle of an unprepared department and urged others to check with their state agencies to make sure they have a proper process in place.
Zach Berman STAFF WRITER
Zach Berman covers the Eagles. They also appear regularly on Comcast SportsNet. They previously wrote for the Washington Post and Newark Star-Ledger, and was a contributor for the New York Times.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vandals are pushing pensioners to the brink in Charlton Kings as they wreak havoc on their allotments, leaving a trail of destruction in their wake.
Susanne Cumiskey waited patiently for years before they were finally given the chance last spring to rent a plot at the popular Croft allotments in Charlton Kings.
But vandals have turned their retirement dream into a nightmare.
In the beginning it was overgrown and neglected but Susanne spent many afternoons tending their small plot until it started to take shape.
But the allotments, near the cemetery, have become a target for vandals in recent months who have caused hundreds of pounds worth of damage.
Susanne describes how their 'nerves are constantly on edge' after they visited their allotment this week only to find it in ruins.
According to Susanne, the vandals gain entry to the allotments at night by climbing the fence before going on a smashing spree and reducing the greenhouses to rubble.
They said: "The greenhouse was given to me by a friend and put up by work colleagues who travelled 40 miles to come and help me. I have not dared to tell them of its condition now and I will never be able to replace it.
"It is totally demoralising as everything that I had planted in the greenhouse has been thrown outside and trampled on.
"I have nothing left to plant now for the new season and I was so looking forward to my first full season here. But it is ruined now."
Susanne said the vandals regularly visit the site and use the sheds and greenhouses as 'hang-outs' for drinking and smoking cannabis. They said they spend more time cleaning up empty drink cans and drug paraphernalia than they do tend their winter vegetables.
Susanne said the plot that they spent months tending has been 'systematically destroyed' and their greenhouse shattered by bricks and stones.
Another greenhouse belonging to an elderly plot holder has been completely destroyed. It's splintered metal skeleton lies tangled on the ground among countless lethal shards of glass.
They believe the vandals specifically target plots that belong to older women because they think they will be more easily intimidated.
"They have decided to systematically wreck the allotment site", they say.
"To be clearer, they have decided to attack the sites gardened by ladies only, no doubt feeling they will get away with it.
"They think we will just abandon our sites and there will be no come back. The site below mine, worked by a lady, is just a mass of glass and twisted metal where their green house used to be.
"My green house is still standing but most of the glass has been smashed out and they have started to rip the roof from my shed. Every morning I expect to find the shed and greenhouse gone."
Susanne has reported the damage to the police and other plot holders have taken pictures of the vandals in action.
But Susanne says no visible action has been taken by the police and the vandals keep on returning to wreak havoc. They say the experience has left them and their friends demoralised.
A spokesperson for Gloucestershire Constabulary said: “On January 20 police received a report that a greenhouse had been damaged at an allotment at the Croft allotments in Charlton Kings.
"A PCSO had been in contact with the victim about the criminal damage but since then police have received a further report that the greenhouse was damaged again.
“On Monday we received a report from a separate victim to say their allotment had also been damaged. The local team has been informed and will be looking into the matter."
Anyone with information should call police on 101 or email 101@gloucestershire.police.uk and quote incident 79 of January 29.
VALENCIA, Spain — The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep them out for longer than three weeks, meaning they should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that "the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks."
That could still rule them out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
We might not have the Nokia 7 in the UK, but we've got official confirmation from Nokia that the Nokia 7 Plus UK release date is Wednesday 2 May.
The Nokia 7 Plus SIM-free price is £349.99 which puts it above the Nokia 6. Check out the best Nokia 6 deals.
Pre-orders are already live on Nokia.com - and will go live at other retailers on 25 April.
The Nokia 7 Plus will be available then from a wide range of outlets including EE, Carphone Warehouse, Amazon, John Lewis, Tesco and Argos.
The Nokia 7 Plus' main selling point is its large 3,800mAh battery that Nokia says this will give a couple of days of use. It's an upper mid-range device with a 6-inch full HD+ display (boasting an 18:9 aspect ratio) so it's not to be sniffed at in terms of size - or power for that matter, as it runs on the Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 platform.
The Nokia 7 Plus will be available in the UK in black and copper - so we're not getting the white and copper option for now. The 7 Plus starts life as a solid lump of aluminium, before getting six layers of paint to give it a ceramic feel. It's also a pure and unsullied Android Oreo handset, with no added apps or services apart from the camera app.
There's also gets a Zeiss dual-camera system, the same pairing that Nokia has put in its flagship-rivalling Nokia 8 Sirocco.
TORONTO — Police say they're looking for a suspect after two 11-year-old girls were allegedly sexually assaulted in a Toronto convenience store.
The two girls were in the store last Friday afternoon and it's alleged they were approached by a man who sexually assaulted both of them.
Police say they're seeking the public's help in identifying the suspect and have released security camera images.
The man is described as 30 years old, clean-shaven, with short brown hair.
McLaren 570GT and 570S Coupe road test report and review: A rare opportunity to drive a McLaren supercar was one not to be missed – DAVID HOOPER looks at the company behind one of the most desirable cars money can buy.
TAKE a huge chunk of race-honed engineering ability, technical excellence, clinical attention to detail and cutting edge design, then mix with that a huge slice of passion and pride in a brand rarely seen in any industry and what do you get?
The recipe for stunning McLaren road car!
It's a tiny company in Woking, in motor industry terms at least, which is probably better known for making rather good Formula 1 cars, but in the last few years this fledgling manufacturer has risen to the challenge and made quite a big impression in the supercar world. So much so, that in January this year it announced record sales.
McLaren takes its name from company founder Bruce McLaren, who was actually an Auckland-born New Zealander who designed, engineered and drove their own race cars, but like so many of their generation, they died too young in a crash at Goodwood Circuit in June 1970.
They started their own racing car company in 1963, but It was 29 years later, in 1992, when McLaren produced its first road-going supercar, notably a three-seater called, appropriately enough, the F1. At the time it cost £600,000, a gold-plated price reflecting the real gold used in the car, but today, if you still own one, it will have become a solid gold investment as it is now worth around £10-million.
McLaren Automotive, the part of the company which makes the road cars, was founded in 2010 and appointed its first dealership in central London the following year. Five years later, an incredibly short space of time in motor industry evolutionary terms, McLaren launched eight new cars last year and has been in profit for the last three. It reinvested £120-million in 2015 into research and development, a figure which represents 30% of its entire turnover.
One of the most eagerly awaited of these new models was the P1 GTR, bought by the sort of people who own their own racetracks on which to drive them as they were not road legal, but to get one, they had to have first been owners of the road-going version of the P1.
The 570GT is the newest, most comfortable and practical McLaren to date, with the roof resembling the lid of a grand piano.
The company has now sold 600 cars around the world, in 30 markets through 80 retailers, six of which are to be found in the UK. They showcase the range, which currently consists of the Sports Series, Super Series and the appropriately named Ultimate Series. To keep up with demand, the company has just added a second shift at its Woking factory and now employs 1,750 people who will help to double its production to ultimately reach 4,500-5,000 cars a year.
And there is more to come – 15 new cars are planned for the next six years, which will be the result of £1-billion investment by 2022. There will also be a full electric vehicle, but there are engineering challenges to overcome first, because with a car like a McLaren, weight is the enemy, and batteries are heavy!
One thing is for sure, these cars are and will always be very exclusive. Customers who can afford them often buy more than one, and the cheapest model in the range starts at £154,000, so for mere mortals like me, a humble motoring journo, it's the sort of car you rarely get an opportunity to drive.
Needless to say, when an invite to meet up with the McLaren team arrived in my inbox, I couldn't quite believe it and jumped at the opportunity! The cars made a jaw-droppingly impressive sight parked in formation outside the hotel, and I had to pinch myself to believe I was actually going to be allowed to drive not one, but two of them!
First up was the Sports Series 570GT, and just getting into the car is an experience in itself with its vertically opening doors! A starter button fires up the engine, which just sounds fabulous on tick-over. The interior design is quite unique, with a long, narrow centre console and sat nav screen, while the electronic dials in front of the driver are more traditional, but selecting different driving modes changes the display – one of which looks like an F1 car's dash with lights to prompt you to change gear at the optimum moment, moving from left to right, going from green to red as the revs climb.
The paddle shift, unlike most road cars I've driven, is a one-piece stalk, which just feels more performance focused. There is no gear selector as such, just three buttons, Drive, Neutral and Reverse, which all add to the theatre of the driving experience.
On the road, the GT car is firm, but not overly so… but it is blisteringly quick. A 570PS 3.8-litre V8 twin turbo engine with a 0-62mph time of 3.4 seconds pretty much tells you all you need to know. It can hit 124mph in just 9.8 seconds and complete the 1/4-mile sprint in just 11.2 seconds! It gives you a massive push in the back as it reels in the horizon at a ridiculously rapid rate, and I'm not even going to pretend to comment on its handling abilities, as I never got anywhere near the car's limits on the road – I would need to be on a track for that, but suffice to say, it instilled confidence, felt supremely competent and cornered as though it were on rails.
The carbon brakes take a bit of getting used to – you have to push them really hard before anything happens – until you get them warmed up at least – and they actually reminded me of driving my Morris Minor without a servo on its drum brakes – it builds up your leg muscles!
You can't really fully explore a McLaren's performance potential on public roads, as legal limits are reached in the blink of an eye, but it was enough of a taste to convince me of one thing… I want one! A drive in the even sportier 570S Coupe in the afternoon did nothing to dampen my enthusiasm for the marque.
It's not the sort of car you can go to Tesco's in, but I don't care, I want one anyway. Will I ever own one? If I win the Euro Millions, absolutely yes, if not… highly unlikely!
If you had the money, you could decide to buy a Ferrari, or a Lamborghini, but for me, this is a proudly British car made by a proudly British company. It looks and sounds fabulous, and it's as rare as hen's teeth, which for me, makes it just that bit more unique and special.
Just ask the two journos who stopped for a driver change and got mobbed by a couple of delivery drivers who wanted to know all about car and kept them talking for half-an-hour – and insisted on having their pictures taken with it!
Rating:
THE VITAL STATISTICS
MODEL: McLaren 570GT.
ENGINE: 3,799cc, 570PS V8 twin turbo petrol engine, driving rear wheels through 7-speed gearbox.
PERFORMANCE: Top speed 204mph. 0-62mph in 3.4 secs.
ECONOMY: City: 17.2mpg.
Country: 38.4mpg.
Combined: 26.6mpg.
CO2 EMISSIONS: 249g/km.
PRICE: £154,000
WEBSITE: www.cars.mclaren.com
• All data correct at time of publication.
SAN FRANCISCO — A drone light show could be the future Fourth of July entertainment in wildfire-prone northern California — but not this year. Hundreds of drones, set to wow viewers with a patriotic display of flashing lights in the sky, were grounded Wednesday by windy conditions.
Intel's "Shooting Star Drones," which you may have seen at the Winter Olympics, Coachella or Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show in 2017, were set to perform Wednesday at Travis Air Force Base, north of San Francisco, but the show was postponed until July 5th, at 9pm, pending weather conditions.
The Travis Air Force Base show plans to use 500 drones and feature a gigantic red, white and blue image of an American flag and California icons, all synchronized to music that will be broadcast for the viewers.
Intel drones can fly in up to 18 mile per hour winds, but winds are expected to be 30 miles per hour in the area at Wednesday's planned flight time, the company said.
Travis Air Force Base is just an hour south of Yolo and Napa County wildfires that forced evacuations this week.
Drone shows could be a safer alternative to fireworks in the future, and fire officials in California are happy to see the shift toward drones.
From a fire safety perspective, it's "definitely worth it to use a drone over live fireworks,” said Lynne Tolmachoff, chief of public education for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, known as CalFire.
Several drought-prone cities in the West turned to drones this Fourth of July when city officials said fireworks wouldn't be allowed due to fire danger.
A couple Fourth of July drone shows at Civana Carefree in Arizona weren't affected by wind and were still a go, said Rianna Riego, the chief brand and wellness officer there. That event will be put on by Firefly Drone Shows, a Detroit-based company.
You can watch those shows via live stream on Civana's Facebook page, Riego said.
More: Drone 'fireworks' offer sparkless 4th of July show
More: Fireworks set neighbor's house on fire in Pennsylvania
More: Live stream: Independence Day fireworks over National Mall
More: Northern California wildfire forces evacuations
Fireworks: America celebrates the Fourth of July Nick Stott and their daughter Makenna, 7, from Yosemite, CA watch the Independence Day fireworks near the Austin Country Club over Lake Austin in Austin, TX. 01 / 15 Nick Stott and their daughter Makenna, 7, from Yosemite, CA watch the Independence Day fireworks near the Austin Country Club over Lake Austin in Austin, TX. 01 / 15
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Boys lacrosse: Boyle lifts Prep past Staples in overtime
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-9', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 9', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: John Nash / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 Staples' Evan Zinn, left, consoles teammate Matthew Bigood in the moments after the Wreckers' 11-10 overtime loss to Fairfield Prep in the Class L boys lacrosse state tournament in Westport on Wednesday. Staples' Evan Zinn, left, consoles teammate Matthew Bigood in the moments after the Wreckers' 11-10 overtime loss to Fairfield Prep in the Class L boys lacrosse state tournament in Westport on Wednesday. Photo: John Nash / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 2 of 9 Fairfield Prep players, from left, Mason Reale, Patrick McAleavey, Timothy Rohach and Peter Kavanaugh come together to celebrate a goal during the Jesuits 11-10 Class L state tournament overtime win over Staples in Westport on Wednesday. less Fairfield Prep players, from left, Mason Reale, Patrick McAleavey, Timothy Rohach and Peter Kavanaugh come together to celebrate a goal during the Jesuits 11-10 Class L state tournament overtime win over ... more Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 3 of 9 Fairfield Preps Thomas Walton heads toward goal during Wednesdays Class L state tournament first round game against Staples in Westport. Prep won 11-10 in overtime. Fairfield Preps Thomas Walton heads toward goal during Wednesdays Class L state tournament first round game against Staples in Westport. Prep won 11-10 in overtime. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 4 of 9 Staples senior long pole middie Brandon Adrian races up the field with the ball during Wednesday's game against Fairfield Prep. Staples senior long pole middie Brandon Adrian races up the field with the ball during Wednesday's game against Fairfield Prep. Photo: John Nash / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 Staples Blake Runkle races away from the defense of Fairfield Preps Matthew Chiota during Wednesdays CIAC Class L boys lacrosse first round playoff game on Wednesday. Staples Blake Runkle races away from the defense of Fairfield Preps Matthew Chiota during Wednesdays CIAC Class L boys lacrosse first round playoff game on Wednesday. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 7 of 9 Staples Donald Macaluso, right, defenders Fairfield Preps Ethan Grandolfo (41) during Wednesdays Class L state tournament game in Westport. Behind the play, Fairfield Preps Mason Reale (29) and Staples Blake Runkle look on. less Staples Donald Macaluso, right, defenders Fairfield Preps Ethan Grandolfo (41) during Wednesdays Class L state tournament game in Westport. Behind the play, Fairfield Preps Mason Reale (29) and ... more Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 8 of 9 Staples Nico Rossi looks at their options during Wednesdays Class L boys lacrosse state tournament game against Fairfield Prep in Westport. Prep won 11-10 in overtime. Staples Nico Rossi looks at their options during Wednesdays Class L boys lacrosse state tournament game against Fairfield Prep in Westport. Prep won 11-10 in overtime. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 9 of 9 Boys lacrosse: Boyle lifts Prep past Staples in overtime 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
WESTPORT — With their arms raised in as big a V as they could produce, Fairfield Prep junior Connor Boyle raced up the Staples High lacrosse field, leaving jubilant teammates and broken-hearted Wreckers in their wake.
What they couldn't run away from was the magnitude of the moment, not after scoring the winning goal in Wednesday's 11-10 overtime victory in the first round of the Class L state tournament.
“Staples is a great team,” Boyle said. “They were going back and forth all game and they didn't give up. But that's what makes it exciting. It came down to the end and we capitalized and that was it.”
Staples had scored four times in the fourth quarter to turn a 10-6 deficit into a tie game, sending it into overtime when Evan Zinn scored their sixth goal of the game with just 49.7 seconds to play.
Despite having the momentum, Staples couldn't win the faceoff in overtime, as Prep faceoff specialist Max McGillicuddy gained possession for their team.
The Wreckers defense did force a ground ball, which pin-balled It's way around a bevy of players before finding the stick of Jae Young Stuhlman with a minute gone in the extra period.
“(Possession) is huge,” Fairfield Prep coach Graham Niemi said. “Max has been playing so well for us. We were like ‘We need the ball,' and Max got it for us. Then, on the ground ball, they picked it up and we fought back and got it and that leads to a great individual effort by Connor Boyle to score that goal.”
Once Prep had regained possession, the ball found its way to Boyle's stick, and as they cut from left to right across the field, they ripped a shot that beat Staples goalie Matt Garber for the win.
“Basically, we came up with the ground ball,” Boyle said. “I went through some dodges and I saw my chance topside, so I took it.”
They then raced up the field in a victorious sprint before being mobbed by their teammates and Fairfield Prep fans who had stormed the field.
The 12th-seeded Jesuits (15-6) will face fourth-seeded New Canaan on Saturday in a quarterfinal game.
COMEBACK FALLS SHORT
Early in the second half, the game was tied at 6-6 before Prep went on a four-goal run to take a 10-6 lead.
Mason Reale (2 goals), Thomas Walton, Patrick McAleavey and Ethan Grandolfo (3 goals, 2 assists) all scored during the surge as Prep took control of the game.
In the fourth quarter, though, the Wreckers stormed back.
In the space of 70 seconds, Zinn scored before Matthew Bigood set up tallies by Patrick Ciquera and Dobson Cooper to make it a 10-9 game.
“We've done that a lot this season,” Staples coach Paul McNulty said. “That's the quality you want to show in your team, never giving up.”
Prep tried to kill off the final 5:30 of the game, and kept control of the ball for 4:26 of it.
While man-up, though, the Jesuits turned the ball over, giving the Wreckers one last shot to tie the game.
Zinn found that goal to force overtime.
PLAY OF THE GAME
McAleavey's tally with 3:43 left in the third quarter, giving Prep a 9-6 edge.
The sophomore picked up a rebound of a Jesuits shot and with their back to the net fired a blind shot over their right shoulder and into the twine for an unlikely goal.
“I just scooped it up and ended up with my back to the goal and I threw up a prayer,” McAleavey said. “I thought the goalie wouldn't be ready so I just took it. It's something you practice out in your front yard, shots like that, so to use it in a game like this is just awesome.”
McAleavey had a hat trick in the game.
ADJUSTING ON THE FLY
After Zinn lit up Prep for four goals in the first half, which ended with the teams tied at 5-5, Prep turned up the defensive pressure in the second half.
The Wreckers' high-scoring senior went 13:48 without scoring a goal before converting to start their team's fourth quarter comeback.
“We shut them off in the third quarter and it took some time for them to adjust and they got on that run in the fourth,” Niemi said. “We almost got beat by them (Zinn) and their goalie (Garber). They're a great team obviously, but those two guys are as good as anybody in Connecticut.”
QUOTABLE
“I thought Preparatory played very well,” said McNulty, whose team finishes 11-6. “In these kinds of games, both teams show a lot of heart, and they just got it at the end.”
jnash@hearstmediact.com
FAIRFIELD PREP 11,
STAPLES 10 (OT)
FAIRFIELD PREP 1 4 4 0 1—11
STAPLES 2 3 1 4 0—10
Team Records: Fairfield Prep 15-6, Staples 11-6; Goals: FP—Ethan Grandolfo 3, Patrick McAleavey 3, Mason Reale 2, Sean Fox, Thomas Walton, Connor Boyle; S—Ethan Zinn 6, Nico Rossi, Patrick Ciquera, Matthew Bigood, Dobson Cooper; Assists: FP—Grandolfo 2, S—Bigood 2, Ciquera, Harris Levi; Goalies: FP: Finn O'Connor (4 saves); S—Matt Garber (14 saves).
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years-- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Supergirl Season 3 premieres Oct. 9 at 7PM on CW33!
Hello my Supergirl Superfriends! It's Richard from Zeus Comics bringing you all the info I know about Season 3 of Supergirl.
Last season concluded with an epic two-parter showdown between Queen Rhea of the Daxamites and Supergirl.
And thanks to a device Lex Luthor originally planned to use to against Superman to poison earth atmosphere with Kryptonite, Supergirl with some modification from Wynne and Lena is able to use the device to put the Daxamites weakeness: lead into the air. Thereby defeating Rhea and sending the Daxamite fleet away.
But it doesn't come without a sacrifice as Earth is also no longer livable to Mon El.
Tucked into their original pod, Mon El is sent to space where a mysterious wormhole appears and pulls their pod in.
We're also given a glimpse of another pod escaping what appears to be a doomed planet with the voice over hint: “It will Reign"
So here's my list of things to watch for
Reign
Already confirmed for season 3 and teased in the season two finale, the big bad, the world-killer herself- Reign!
In the comics the worldkillers were genetically modified aliens turned into biological weapons created by Kryptonians, including Kara's dad, scientist Zor El!
Them powers are strength, speed, flight and invulnerability make them a tough match against Supergirl.
But in the comics Reign didn't come alone. Is it possible we'll see the other four worldkillers?
Alura
Don't get confused fans. Super girl's mom Alura has been recast!
And as executive producer Andrew Kreisberg calls it - legacy casting - just at Lois Lane/Teri Hatcher from Lois and Clark popped up last season as Queen Rhea, Lois Lane/Erica Durance from Smallville takes over the role of Alura.
Knowing that Reign in the comics was in part created by Kara's dad Zor El, Alura's reappearance may have significance beyond mother/daughter relationship
Saturn Girl
This is a big one for long time comic fans! Saturn Girl of the Legion of Super-heroes makes their debut this season! Yes!
The telepathic hero from Saturn's moon Titan, Saturn Girl who was a founding member of the 30th century's Legion of Super-Heroes fighting alongside Mon El in the future.
Them Supergirl TV bio describes them as a telekinetic, not telepathic, arriving to help Supergirl with one of their biggest threats.
We've already been shown a Legion flight ring in the fortress of solitude. And with Saturn Girls appearance will we see the creation of the Legion? We have been promised by the producers we'll know Mon El's fate this season. The creation of the Legion would certainly get us there.
Robert Dubois Bloodsport
Our new season trailer showed us our first formal villain Robert Dubois AKA Bloodsport.
No clue if he's around for an episode or for the season, but this villain was in part a creation of Lex Luthor with the intent to kill Superman. Technological modifications allowed Bloodsport to teleport any weapon into their hands during battle including a rifle that shot kryptonite needles.
And some quick final thoughts - our trailer has a Cat Grant voice over and though she's not a season regular we've been promised more Cat Grant this season including in our season opener. They revealed to us the audience that they indeed knows Kara's identity as Supergirl!
Maggie Sawyer actor Flioriana Lima is not a season regular. What does this mean for the Maggie/Alex or Sanvers engagement? Is it doomed?
Aaaand EP Kreisberg told entertainment weekly that Kara AND Alex are important to the four show crossover Crisis on Earth X happening in the eighth episode of the season with Alex appearing in all four shows.
Check out this poster tease for the crossover - only Supergirl from our show is shown. No Mon El. No Martian Manhunter. More about that poster in my Flash Season 4 preview.
Plus I'm loving this amazing shot of Supergirl listening over National City at the ready to be the hero.
An exciting season ahead as Supergirl takes flight October 9th in Girl of Steel.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
Rodney Smith Jr. is a mowing machine.
The native of the British island territory of Bermuda has cut lawns of various sizes in every state in the country. One of the biggest was in Vermont, where the founder of the nonprofit Raising Men Lawn Care Service said they used a push mower to single-handedly cut an acre's worth of grass in about two hours.
Rodney asked God to tell them their purpose. They found it when they saw an elderly man struggling to mow theirs lawn.
Militarykind
That's been just one stop in the second rendition (he completed the inaugural campaign last summer) of the 50 States 50 Lawns campaign, Smith's journey to cut lawns in every state for veterans.
The organization was born in 2016 during Smith's undergrad career at Alabama A&M. On their way home from school one day, they saw an elderly man mowing a yard. The man appeared to be struggling, so Smith decided to lend a hand. The rest is history.
See how Rodney is changing lives and lawns for military veterans with one small token of kindness.
Rodney Smith Jr. get help to fill their tank from Ryan Younquist, 9, who follows after Smith and wanted to help when Smith came to the Mid-state on their project to mow lawns across America Wednesday June 13, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn.
Larry McCormack / The Tennessean
Rodney has made kindness to veterans their top priority, and we also honor those who have served and continue to serve. The television program Salute to Veterans airs on July 4th, offering insightful discussion, resources and solutions for the ongoing issues our military veterans face daily.
Salute to Veterans pays tribute to our nation's 3.3 million active duty service members, 22 million veterans and their families during important military/patriotic holidays and commemorations throughout the year.
The Salute to Veterans Series highlights the stories of veterans who are former professional athletes, who served their country, and then broke through obstacles when back in civilian life. The veterans featured in the series all serve as leaders in their communities and are committed to seeing that their fellow veterans do the same.
Visit Salute to Veterans to learn more and to find specific viewing times in your area.
Salute to Veterans Series Airs on Memorial Day, offers insightful discussion, resources and solutions for the ongoing issues our military veterans face daily.
Courtesy Salute to Veterans
Follow Militarykind on Facebook to see more inspiring stories about service members and their loved ones.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Los Angeles Dodgers shortstop Corey Seager throws during batting practice before Game 1 of the baseball team's National League Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Jae C. Hong AP Photo
HAGATNA, Guam (AP) — Tourists haven't been deterred from visiting the tropical island of Guam even though the U.S. territory has been the target of threats from North Korea during a week of angry words exchanged by Pyongyang and Washington.
Chiho Tsuchiya of Japan heard the news, but they decided to come anyway with their husband and two children. “I feel Japan and Korea also can get danger from North Korea, so staying home is the same,” said the 40-year-old.
Won Hyung-jin, an official from Modetour, a large South Korean travel agency, said several customers called with concerns, but they weren't worried enough to pay cancellation fees for their trips.
“It seems North Korea racks up tension once or twice every year, and travelers have become insensitive about it,” Won said. Their company has sent about 5,000 travelers to Guam a month this year, mostly on package tours.
The U.S. territory has a population of 160,000, but it attracted 1.5 million visitors last year. One-third of Guam's jobs are in the tourism industry.
Guam is a key outpost for the U.S. military, which uses it as a base for bombers and submarines.
The island's sandy beaches and aquamarine waters make it a popular getaway for travelers from Japan and South Korea. Guam is only about three hours by plane from major cities in both countries.
The number of South Korean travelers in particular has been growing lately because five low-cost airlines started flying to Guam from South Korea, said Antonio Muna, the vice president of Guam Visitors Bureau. This helped boost arrival figures to a 20-year high in July, Muna said.
The threats came in a week in which longstanding tensions between the countries risked abruptly boiling over. New United Nations sanctions condemning the North's rapidly developing nuclear program drew fresh ire and threats from Pyongyang. President Donald Trump responded by vowing to rain down “fire and fury” if challenged. The North then threatened to lob missiles near Guam.
Kenji Kikuchi, 39, arrived from Japan last week and planned to leave Tuesday as scheduled. They were aware of the threat from reading the local newspaper and was a little worried. But they said North Korea's missiles would fall in the water not on Guam. Their 8-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter weren't concerned.
“They talk about it, but they don't care about it. So they like the sea and the pool,” they said.
The Guam Visitors Bureau has heard reports of cancellations, but Muna said it doesn't yet have any concrete figures on how many took place. Officials are still expecting a strong August, Muna said.
“Japan and Korea make over 90 percent of our arrivals. And they're much closer to North Korea than Guam is,” Muna said.
The agency has been relaying assurances from the governor and defense officials that Guam is protected and safe, they said.
Trump told Guam's Republican governor the global attention would send more tourists to the island.
“You're going to go up like tenfold with the expenditure of no money,” they told Gov. Eddie Calvo in a telephone conversation Calvo posted Sunday on Facebook. Trump said he'd been watching scenes of Guam on the news, and “it just looks like a beautiful place.”
At a news conference Monday, Calvo said that Guam is in a “normal state of readiness and it's business as usual.”
There is “no change in security threat levels.”
They told the reporters that “we are defended and will be protected.”
TEHRAN (Sputnik) - The Iranian Foreign Ministry has lodged a protest with France and Germany over the detention of its diplomat as part of the Belgian-led investigation into a foiled plot of a terrorist attack in the Paris outskirts of Villepinte, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bahram Qassemi said Wednesday.
"Deputy Foreign Minister [for Political Affairs] Abbas Araghchi lodged a protest with the French ambassador and the charge d'affaires of the German Embassy over the detention of the Iranian diplomat," Qassemi said.
According to Qassemi, the two diplomats were summoned to the Iranian ministry.
The French ambassador also faced a protest over the annual gathering of the People's Mojahedin Organization of Iran (MKO) in Paris, which is designated as a terrorist organization by Tehran and accused by the Iranian authorities of involvement in the whole story around the detained diplomat, with the aim to harm the country's relations with Europe. MKO is part of the NCRI, whose gathering was supposed to be a target of the alleged terrorist plot.
Qassemi added that the ministry had also summoned the Belgian ambassador and lodged a protest over Brussels' request for Germany to extradite the Iranian diplomat to Belgium.
The Iranian diplomat from the embassy in Vienna was arrested in Germany on Saturday on suspicion of complicity in plotting a bomb attack on a rally of an exiled Iranian opposition organization, the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI), which was held in Villepinte the same day and attended by almost 25,000 people.
© AFP 2018 / IIPA/ALI MOHAMMADI US Labeling Revolutionary Guard a Terror Group May End With Tehran Closing Strait of Hormuz – Prof
 They are one of four suspects of Iranian origin, one of whom has been detained in France, and two others in Belgium. Iran has strongly refuted the suspicions against its diplomat as groundless.
Following the reports about the incident with the diplomat, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said that Tehran was ready to cooperate with all the involved parties on the issue to discover the truth behind what they called "a sinister false flag ploy."
The situation around the Iranian diplomat comes amid Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's official visit to Vienna, where they held talks with Austrian counterpart Alexander Van der Bellen earlier on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SURVIVOR: At the #CuppaForCansa event held at St Augustine's Hospital yesterday were cancer survivor Peter Beck with volunteer Nokukhanya Cele, left, and marketing manager Adele Hoosen.Picture: Nquobile Mbonambii
Durban - "I survived. It's not easy but each human is unique there's always hope and they mustn't give up. They must take a stand because they're entitled to healthcare, it's their right.”
That's what cancer survivor Peter Beck had to say to patients who are on the waiting list at government hospitals for cancer and surgery.
Beck was at St Augustine's Hospital, which hosted #CuppaForCansa on Friday as a fund-raiser for the association ahead of World Cancer Day on Sunday.
#CuppaForCansa is a charity drive where hosts (including cancer survivors) serve sweet and savoury treats either sponsored or baked by themselves and their guests make a donation when they attend the function.
Beck, who has been in remission for six months, said they were diagnosed with liposarcoma, a very rare and aggressive cancer that attacks fat cells and connective tissue.
“Five years ago I was diagnosed on a Friday on the Monday I had my consultation with an oncologist and the next day went in for a six-hour operation.
“Because this type of cancer is so aggressive it spreads quickly. I had about 18 to 20 surgeries and 22 sessions of radiotherapy and chemotherapy.”
They said their journey to remission was not easy, adding that they couldn't have done it without their family.
Beck, who is a scrub nurse at St Augustine's Hospital, said it hit home when they were diagnosed.
“We work with cancer patients daily but when it hits home it's scary. When you are told that you have cancer you just think you are going to die,” they said. Sesethu Senene, who is with the Cancer Association of South Africa (Cansa) in the Durban area, said the association had an advocacy department - advocating for the rights of those cancer patients who had been affected by the oncology crisis.
“We get calls from patients who have had their operation dates cancelled at government hospitals and we refer them to our advocacy department which is working on their cases,” they said.
Senene said that for their department to function optimally they needed funding.
They added that drives like #CuppaForCansa - which normally runs from June until October - added much-needed value.
“The fund-raiser is not restricted to starting only in June. Hosts who want to do them sooner can. We also encourage healthier options of food to be made available instead of just cupcakes.”
Adele Hoosen, marketing officer at the hospital, said that while staff had been asked to start their donations for the treats from R5, some had donated much more, making the fund-raiser a success.
“This just shows that people can come together for a good cause,” they said,
At the moment the KZN Department of Health is partnering with private hospitals and specialists in an effort to address the oncology crisis in the province.
Meanwhile, cancer statistics globally are alarming and the epidemic is set to continue rising.
About 8.2 million people die from the disease worldwide every year; 4 million of these are premature deaths - those aged 30 to 69 years.
This is according to Elize Joubert, head of Cansa.
“Over the next 10 years, it's projected that cancer deaths will increase to more than 14million per year,” said Joubert.
In South Africa, the true number of cancer patients is not known because of the lack of a comprehensive cancer surveillance system, said Joubert.
In 2008, 55286 new cases of cancer were reported to the National Cancer Registry (NCR). A total of 52% of these cases were women and children. In 2012, 77440 cases were referred to the NCR. The latest Stats SA figures show a steady increase in deaths attributable to cancer from 5.6% in 2006 to 9.1% in 2015.
Independent on Saturday
Around the time they turned 50, Nancy Greene Raine suffered a serious knee injury during a celebrity ski event in California.
The damage, to their anterior cruciate ligament, was then, and remains today, a serious injury.
Soon after, back home in British Columbia, Greene Raine received a call from a friend imploring them to visit the Whistler ski club as soon as possible.
“Why?” Greene asked.
It seems Greene's friend had ridden a chair lift with a young participant in Whistler's version of the Nancy Greene Ski League. Greene's friend asked if the youngster had met Nancy Greene, the World Cup and Olympic champion after whom that developmental program was named.
“Oh no!” the child said. “She's dead!”
Greene Raine never found out who that child was, but the “first opportunity I got,” they said, “I went up to the club and talked to the kids and talked to the parents.”
Thus Nancy Greene Raine proved they aren't dead.
Related
Today, approaching a 75th birthday on May 11, they remain a lively and immensely popular personality. They have spent the past nine years in Canada's Senate, a post they will have to vacate leave their Upper Chamber post upon their birthday, which brings them to the Senate's mandatory retirement age.
Yet it's safe to assume their lofty profile owes much more to their accomplishments on ski slopes a full half-century ago than to their time in the Parliamentary precinct.
Canada Post didn't feature Nancy Greene Raine among the half-dozen featured figures in its Women in Winter Sports stamp series because they introduced the Child Health Protection Act or because they and husband Al Raine had been longtime promoters of Western Canadian ski tourism, first at Whistler and later at Sun Peaks, B.C.
These kinds of things happen because most Canadians think of Nancy Greene Raine as the best female skier in the world during their heyday and still one of this country's most successful athletes in any sport.
There have been multiple opportunities to reflect on that, and there will be more.
Last year marked the 50th anniversary of the first of two consecutive World Cup overall titles; the second, obviously, is this year. February also features the 50th anniversary of Greene Raine's Olympic silver and gold medals at Grenoble, France.
Closer to home, Greene Raine and their husband, Al, a former national team program director, will celebrate their golden wedding anniversary in 2019, one year before twin sons Willy and Charley turn 50.
“Al …” Greene Raine interjected during a recent telephone interview from the family's B.C. home. “Did you realize next year's our 50th anniversary? I'd forgotten about that one.”
OK, so time may have slowed some reflexes and faded a few memories, but it can't erode recorded accomplishments, of which there are mountains and mountains associated with Nancy Greene Raine.
For one thing, their 13 World Cup race victories — all in 1967 and '68 — are still the most by any Canadian alpine skier. For another, of a select circle of nine Canadians with Olympic alpine ski medals, only Greene Raine and Karen Percy, who earned a pair of bronze medals at Calgary's 1988 Games, have two.
Coincidentally, when Ottawa's Anne Heggtveit became the first Canadian to win alpine gold in women's slalom at Squaw Valley, Calif., in 1960, their roommate was an Ottawa-born 16-year-old named Nancy Greene.
The teen skier placed 31st in that slalom event. They were also 26th in giant slalom and 22nd in downhill.
Four years later, in the 1964 Tokyo Winter Olympics, Greene upgraded all those results to 15th in slalom, 16th in giant slalom and seventh in downhill, but still no medals.
By 1968, Nancy Greene was a World Cup overall champion shouldering great expectations even though a pre-Olympic ankle injury caused angst, and there was disappointment when the Canadian hopeful finished 10th in the Feb. 10 downhill outside Grenoble, more than two seconds behind the winning time of Austria's Olga Pall.
Greene finally earned their first Olympic medal, silver, in women's slalom on Feb. 13. They had the fastest time on the second run, but a first-run deficit of 1.18 seconds was too much to overcome, so they finished 0.29 seconds behind France's Marielle Goitschl.
Two days later, though, on Feb. 15, Greene blew them all away in giant slalom. The ninth athlete out of the start gate, they crossed the finish line in 1:51.97, an eye-spinning 2.64 seconds ahead of France's Annie Famose. Bronze medallist Fernande Bochatay of Switzerland was nearly three seconds off Greene's pace.
According to legend, Greene was so fast that they broke the timing device. In truth, the mechanism had been calibrated so anyone clocking outside a specified variance from the next closest time was checked manually before it was posted.
Either way, it was a performance for the ages, and it remains something to inspire Canadian skiers.
“I think that having had someone like them being so dominant, being from Canada, is really cool,” said Marie-Michèle Gagnon, a 28-year-old Quebecer who represented Canada in 2010 at Whistler and in 2014 at Sochi, but who will miss the 2018 Pyeongchang Games because of a knee injury. “It's not in my lifetime, you know, but it shows it's possible for us Canadians to be dominant in this sport.”
The Raines watch World Cup racing on television at every opportunity, and Greene Raine said they still enjoyed meeting current national team members, cognizant of how hard they worked “and how tough it is.”
“I really enjoyed the time when I was there,” they added. “It was a time of tremendous change. It went from leather, lace-up boots and wood skis to plastic boots and fiber-glass skis and went from a focus that was every two years for world championships and Olympics to where ski racing is big-time every year. The World Cup, of course, changed that. I just look at it now and marvel at what they do and how they ski … even the little kids.
“But, you know, the more it changes, the more it stays the same. The actual techniques that you use and what it takes to win hasn't changed. The skis have changed, the equipment has changed, the courses are faster, the snow is harder, it's better organized. So there are lots of changes, but you still have to work harder and you have to do the work where nobody's watching and you just have to get in there, in the gym, and do all the physical conditioning that's required. It's not glamorous at all, but those who do it, they get rewarded, and it takes a certain natural talent as well.
“One other thing it takes, and maybe that's why it's so interesting, is that it does take a passion for skiing. If you don't love being out there on the mountain, if you don't really love it, it'd be a tough life.”
Speaking of life, sometimes it throws us a curve, and so it did last year for Nancy Greene Raine.
A cough unrelated to a cold led to a checkup and chest X-ray that detected tumours in their lungs. A “very active” tumour was also found in their thyroid.
That was removed, and radioactive iodine was administered to destroy remaining thyroid cells. Fortunately, they had not spread to the lungs, where “a golf ball, ping-pong ball and eight or 10 marbles” turned out to be signs of non-Hodgkin mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) lymphoma.
It was cancer, yes, but those cells contained a protein marker that could be targeted by a drug administered in four injected doses ending in mid-December. Greene Raine reported neither pain nor sickness from those treatments, and their son Willy, a 1992 Albertville Olympic Games alpine competitor and now Alpine Canada's athletic director for ski-cross, posted video of “Nana” skiing with grandsons James and Kingston at Sun Peaks during the holiday season.
There was also a CT scan in mid-January, after which a radiologist friend assured Greene Raine there was “nothing to worry about.” A telephone consultation with an oncologist in Kelowna, B.C., last week also produced positive news.
“To quote her,” Greene Raine said before flying back to Ottawa to resume Senate duties, “The scans were very good. The tumours have shrunk significantly, and all that's going to be required is monitoring: blood tests in three months. It looks like it has been dealt with.
“You never know. … There's still something there. They don't know if that's just scar tissue or if that's active, so they'll just keep checking it. Nothing to worry about.”
Greene Raine said their own experience had given them a great opportunity to see first-hand how Canada's health-care system works.
“I can tell you we have amazing people working in the system in terms of doctors and technicians and the nurses, but we need a better way of getting early diagnostics, and the system's a bit dysfunctional. It's not as efficient as it could be, which is hard on people when they have to continually go in between tests.”
Maybe Greene Raine can whittle away at that after they retire from the Senate.
Them “bucket list” includes sharing additional time with their grandsons and possibly travel to reconnect with people they and Al first encountered on the international ski circuit. There's also a continuing contractual relationship with Nancy Greene Ski League, for which they approve all sponsors, and they want to stay involved at Sun Peaks as director of skiing “as long as they'll have me,” which of course would mean skiing as much as possible.
“I plan to stay active and healthy and engaged,” Greene Raine said. “It's a chapter that will close, but there are lots of interesting things ahead.”
Ed Champagne has no doubt their good friend will succeed at retirement, too.
An Ottawa resident and also a Canadian Ski Hall of Fame inductee, Champagne began a two-decade career as national alpine ski team business manager, administrative director and director of public and athlete relations a year after Greene Raine retired from competition in 1968.
Greene Raine's personality hasn't changed since then, according to Champagne, and they have kept up “with all that's going on in the ski world. … She's still a going concern, even at 74, and they are highly respected across the country. Them knowledge and their interest and their love for the sport is well known.”
No doubt that passion will involve keeping an eye on the alpine ski action from South Korea.
The Canadian team named Jan. 29 totalls 14 athletes, including five hoping to become the first female Canadian to claim an Olympic alpine prize of any description since Kerrin Lee-Gartner's gold in downhill at Albertville in 1992.
The women's giant slalom race in South Korea is set for Feb. 12, three days shy of the 50th anniversary of Nancy Greene's gold medal in France. The slalom is Feb. 14, followed by the downhill on Feb. 21, the recently added alpine-combined competition on Feb. 23 and the alpine team event on Feb. 24.
Men's races are scheduled for other days.
“Sport is the ultimate reality game,” Greene Raine said. “There's no hiding anything in sport, especially when it's covered the way some of these sports are covered now. There's no rehearsal, it just unfolds.
“I think that's why so many people like to follow it, even though they might not be athletes themselves.”
gholder@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/HolderGord
During the summer season, Vancouver Island can be frequented by fog and flat spells. But by the look of this new edit from Michael Darling and Marcus Paladino, the coastline looks like it hasn't gone completely dormant over the past few months. Press play and enjoy a few minutes of Darling indulging in their home turf's playful peaks.
MENDOTA HEIGHTS, Minn. (AP) - There's still so much more for Kirk Cousins to learn about their new coaches, teammates and playbook in Minnesota, a mere 2½ months after the newest Vikings quarterback signed their record-setting contract to headline this year's NFL free agency frenzy.
With every full-swing fist pump after a completed pass in these non-contact practices, there's no question that the Vikings acquired a Pro Bowl-level enthusiasm along with Cousins and their skillset.
"I think as a seventh-year player, now you have a little freedom to just be yourself and to not take a back seat and to just be vocal within reason," Cousins said.
"Be a leader, step up, and let your voice be heard. To their credit, the guys have received it well, and it's been fun to just assimilate myself into the offense and into the program."
As Cousins was finishing an interview session with the Minnesota media on Wednesday afternoon during a visit to a local middle school, their teammates called them over to complete their interaction with the kids and pose for one last photo.
They dutifully sprinted across the gym so as not to disappoint or, perhaps, take the razzing. He's the face of this franchise, a responsibility they haven't shied from, but he's also a carefully spoken and image-conscious player who can understand the importance of not overstepping theirs bounds.
"Anytime you're new to an organization, you feel your way around a little bit. He's doing that some, but he's leading. He's taking charge," coach Mike Zimmer said amid the pre-teen cacophony in the gym at Friendly Hills Middle School just across the freeway from the team's new headquarters. "He has a lot on their plate right now."
True to their nature as a relationship builder and a meticulous preparer, Cousins hosted wide receivers Adam Thielen and Stefon Diggs at their Atlanta-area offseason home shortly after they joined the team.
"We did get some stuff on the field, learning what they like, learning how they like certain routes run, because every quarterback is a little different," Thielen said.
"But I think the biggest thing was just learning their personality, how fun they are to be around and their humor and things like that. It was really good to get a jump on that."
Cousins has also, like it or not, dived right into the extraordinary expectations surrounding the Vikings following their advancement to the NFC championship game last season. The junior-high kids were yet another reminder of this.
"Most of the questions revolved around, 'Will we go to the Super Bowl?' and 'Will we make the playoffs?' I just throw it back at them saying, 'Do you think we will?' and they say, 'Yes'. They're confident, and that's a good place to start."
As the Vikings worked through their fifth of nine formal spring practices labeled by NFL parlance as organized team activities, outside linebacker Anthony Barr was back on the field with the team after an absence last week they confirmed was related to their contract status.
Now playing the final season of their rookie contract at a fully guaranteed salary of slightly more than $12.3 million, Barr said they hoped to have a new deal in place before the on-field workouts began. That didn't happen, so they took out an insurance policy to protect their future earnings in case of injury in 2018.
The issue for Barr and their desire for longer-term security is the Vikings also have hefty paydays looming for wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter, who are also playing this season on expiring contracts for a team that has plenty of expensive stars.
"My agent is doing a great job, and they're having conversations," said Barr, who was the team's first-round draft pick in 2014. "I don't know too many details on that. My focus is here with the team and getting better."
Sounds a little like the quarterback, dealing with their challenge of taking over a championship-chasing team.
"Everything is new, so I'm just continuing to try to get to where the plays and the reads and the terminology are all instinctual without having to think," Cousins said. "That takes a long time, but every day you can take a step in that process."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Smoking not only causes lung cancer but can kill and change lives in an instant by causing a devastating stroke, health authorities warn.
Australia's 2.6 million smokers have been implored to quit as part of a new awareness campaign amid research that shows tobacco smoking doubles the risk of the devastating disease.
The toxic chemicals inhaled through tobacco smoke damage blood vessel walls, causing arteries to narrow and harden.
This increases the chance of blood clots forming and causing a stroke.
Stroke Foundation Chief Executive Officer Sharon McGowan says smokers need to take heed of the warning and say goodbye to cigarettes to reduce their stroke risk.
"If not only for themselves, but for the people they love, " said Ms McGowan.
While more Australians are surviving stroke, for survivors and their families its impact is far-reaching.
Former smoker Jayson Killick had to learn how to walk and talk again after they suffered a stroke in 2010 at the age of 35 while driving a taxi.
"Stroke had a massive impact on my life," Mr Killick said.
Extreme fatigue, problems with balance and bouts of depression were common.
"If you think giving up smoking is hard, living with stroke is even harder," they said
Smokers wanting to quit are urged to talk to their GP or call the National Quitline on 13 78 48 (13 QUIT).
YOUNGSTERS fantasising about a career in cricket would go to bed dreaming that one day they may be able to do what Sarah Aley did on Friday.
Playing on one of the best grounds in the country, the Adelaide Oval, a bowling stint from Aley, in which they took 4-1 in two overs, helped put the Sydney Sixers in full control of their semi-final against Adelaide Strikers.
Early in the second innings they came into the attack and with a double-wicket maiden in the fourth over stopped the runs that looked like they would flow easily from Suzie Bates' bat while putting their team on course for their third straight WBBL final.
Kim Garth followed that with a double-wicket over next up. The Sixers were almost certainties.
Then another double-wicket over from Aley followed and, well, the Strikers needed a miracle if they were to stage a comeback.
Camera Icon Aley was unplayable for the Sixers. (Mark Brake/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
Aley conceded it would be a day they “won't ever forget”, but such is their nature, what mattered most was what those four wickets did for them team.
“I think to win another final is the priority for us. I guess for me anything I can do to get us to that final, I'll give it everything that I have.”
An experienced campaigner who seems to get better with age (she only made their debut for Australia at last year's World Cup), Aley, 33, leads by example.
Player of the match in last year's WBBL final as well as the semi-final just gone, they have been among the top three wicket takers each season.
Going into Sunday's final against Perth Scorchers, they sit second, just one wicket behind their bowler Katherine Brunt.
Camera Icon Tammy Beaumont walks after being dismissed lbw. (Sarah Reed) Picture: News Corp Australia
But in a Sixers' side that also boasts players like Ellyse Perry and Ashleigh Gardner, and had the likes of South African guns Dane van Niekerk and Marizanne Kapp, Aley knows displays like theirs on Friday could come from anyone in the side.
“There are a lot of leaders within this group, especially within this bowling group,” they said.
“We don't rely just on one person, we make sure that all that stuff is being shared around and then once you're thrown the ball, I think everybody switches into gear and knows what their job is and goes out and does that.”
Take Sarah Coyte, for example. Coyte came into the side as a replacement when Kapp returned home for international duty.
Camera Icon Sarah Coyte looks strong and back to their best (AAP Image/Jeremy Ng) Picture: AAP
A former Australian representative, Coyte retired from cricket last year to properly manage their anxiety.
Them return to the field has been triumphant. She's taken six wickets from three games in the space of a week. Now there's one game left in their cricket comeback, the biggest game.
But from what Aley has seen, the pressure of a final against the in-form Scorchers shouldn't be an issue for Coyte.
“She's taken everything in their stride. She's the ultimate professional,” Aley said.
“She's played at the highest level and then to come back in after being out for quite some time and taking on the responsibility of taking the ball and running in and bowling, their energy in the field is really good as well.
“She's really enjoying it. The fact that we're winning kind of helps that as well. She's enjoying it so far and hopefully we can get a win for them on Sunday to finish their career.”
Vernon residents upset with number of needles being found around town with spring melt
A photo of needles shared on social media in front of an Anderson Way business has sparked community outrage. (Vernon Rant and Rave image)
An abundance of needles springing up around town has the public outraged with safety concerns.
The snow melt is revealing discarded needles in various locations around town – including Anderson Way, near the Civic Arena and walking trails around town.
And it's not just Vernon.
“Last time I was in Vernon at a school playground with my daughter we found needles littered around the school yard. It is a terrifying site when you have little ones playing near this trash,” said Zachary Linderman. “I hope a solution is found for the small group of people doing this!”
See related: Needles found at school
According to Interior Health: “Anyone using a needle to inject should dispose of it safely. However, that's not always the case, and sometimes discarded needles and drug paraphernalia are found in public areas.”
Therefore those who are cleaning up needles are urged to use safe needle disposal.
– Do not try to replace the cap on the needle, snap, break or bend the needle.
– Pick up needle using work or latex gloves and tongs or tweezers, holding needle point away from you.
– Put the needle in a metal or hard plastic container that has a lid, such as a product or drink bottle.
– Replace cap on container firmly and label it.
– Wash hands thoroughly with soap and water.
– Drop off the sealed container at your local health unit or at a community drop box.
The Vernon Health Unit offers disposal of used needles and distribution of clean needles, as well as information to encourage safer injection practices.
The Community Safety Office will also accept found drug paraphernalia for destruction providing it is properly contained in a lidded puncture-proof container.
The city of Vernon recently released an warning about debris being uncovered with spring melt.
See Spring melt can uncover hazards
newsroom@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Omniplex Cinema in Dundalk have announced that a Secret Screenings event will take place on Wednesday, June 28th in which a major new release will be screened ahead of its launch date.
As with all Secret Screenings, movie goers will only know the genre in advance of the screening and the movie itself will only be revealed when movie goers are in their seats and the opening credits start to roll.
Omniplex Secret Screenings have proved hugely popular since their launch, with tickets selling out quickly at all locations. This is the first Secret Screening event for Dundalk and will be a major new comedy that will not have gone on general release in Ireland.
Previous Secret Screenings gave film fans the chance to see the much-acclaimed horror GET OUT and action comedy SNATCHED (which played to sold out screens) before they went on general release in Ireland.
The Secret Screenings events will be hosted regularly throughout the year, so whether you prefer romances over sci-fi, or if you're simply an avid movie goer Secret Screenings offer something for everyone.
Omniplex will host their third Secret Screenings event, on Wednesday, June 28th at 6.45PM in four Omniplex locations: Rathmines, Dublin; Mahon Point, Cork, Dundalk and Limerick. If the suspense is too much, book your tickets now to avoid disappointment. Tickets are limited and priced at €10 each which includes a medium popcorn and drink.
Secret Screenings are available to book online exclusively to MyOmniplex members aged 16 years and over only. Joining MyOmniplex is simple and as part of the MyOmniplex offering, members can also avail of a 10% discount on all regular bookings.* Visit www.omniplex.ie
A competitive global marketplace demands an understanding of diverse regions and cultures, hence your workforce needs to reflect the diversity of your market. While “think outside the box” has become cliché, it has become cliché for a reason. If your hires are mirror images of yourself, you will be trapped in a narrow tunnel of ideas, an echo chamber of limited thought. Although you may actively seek to build a diverse workforce, subconscious biases may influence your hiring decisions. You want dynamic and talented employees, however, your internalized beliefs about gender, race and ethnicity, beliefs you may not realize you hold, can cause you to overlook excellent candidates.
Numerous studies have looked at how biases affect hiring decisions. A 2014 Columbia Business School study found that men were twice as likely as women to be hired for positions requiring math skills even though women performed as well as men on an arithmetic task. Study authors site implicit stereotyping as the reason. In a classic study conducted by the National Bureau of Economic Research, fake resumes were sent in response to help wanted ads in Chicago and Boston newspapers. Some resumes had names that sounded African American, while others had white-sounding names. The resumes from apparent white applicants received 50 percent more callbacks than the ones that appeared to be from African American applicants. A Canadian study found applicants with non-English last names received fewer callbacks for interviews. Are subconscious biases causing you to deselect applicants who may have excellent qualifications?
Review the language in your job postings
Building a diverse workforce begins with the language you use in your job postings. As an employer, you are aware that the Civil Rights Act prohibits job ads from showing preference in gender, religion, age or national origin. You may even add the “We are an equal opportunity employer” tag to your listings. However, how you describe the job and criteria could attract or drive away well-qualified applicants. Help wanted ads should list desired behaviors, not personality types. For example, rather than state you are seeking an ambitious go-getter for the position — this language may put off applicants whose culture emphasizes modesty — think in terms of behaviors, such as “ability to take initiative.”
Remove names from resumes
If possible, have your HR people remove names from resumes before sending them on to you. This will help you to review qualifications unhindered by bias. If you do not have an HR department and handle the selection process yourself, review the resumes you have set in the “no” pile. What were your reasons for deselecting? Was it qualifications or something else?
Offer applicants a challenge
If an open position requires a specific skill set, require applicants to complete a quiz or challenge to demonstrate their skills before you collect any other information. This could be the first step in identifying talent and weeding out the unqualified.
You will eventually need to meet job candidates in person, but by applying rigorous methods to compare qualifications and purposefully setting aside non-relevant information such as race and gender, you will have a more diverse slate of applicants to interview. If you come away from an interview with the feeling the applicant is not a good fit for your company or the position, do not ignore your gut instincts. The sense that something isn't right comes from your years of experiences. You do want to analyze that feeling though to ensure a prejudice is not the source of the unease, which may cause you to overlook the perfect candidate for the job.
This article was written by Gillian Burdett for CBS Small Business Pulse.
Subsea injection technology offers major advantages over fixed production platforms mainly in remote offshore locations, where strong ocean currents, deep water and harsh weather conditions is expected to occur and installation of pipelines becomes difficult. Subsea injection systems consist of a single retrievable liquid pump of centrifugal multistage type that is driven by water filled motor with a filtration module. The filter unit has a self cleaning mechanism with water purging system and hydraulic actuator. The pump can also be delivered vertically for reduced environmental footprint and horizontally for lower fishing friendly structures. Subsea injection technology allows oil & gas reserves to be extracted in deeper water more cost effectively. The demand for subsea injection systems and parts is augmenting around the world, wherein the U.K. is expected to be one of the global leaders in subsea injection systems market. Furthermore, subsea injection system enables increase in the oil recovery by effective placement of well, reduced cost and space, flexibility in water flood design, no deviated wells and reduced environmental impact. Subsea injection system reduces the amount of equipment needed to be installed on topside offshore facility.
Subsea injection systems market can be segmented based on the types of injection systems. Saltwater disposal, enhanced oil recovery (EOR) and hydrocarbon storage are some of the types that are used in subsea injection systems. In saltwater disposal, saltwater is mixed with oil & gas, when transported/transmitted to the surface. EOR injection systems are utilized to enhance the exploration and production and extend the life of oil & gas fields with the help of water flooding. In addition, hydrocarbon injection systems are utilized for underground storage of liquid hydrocarbons and crude oil. However, these injection systems are regularly needed to be monitored and tested every five years.
North America is projected to be one of the largest markets for subsea injection systems followed by Asia Pacific that is expected to be one of the dominating markets as China contributed substantially to the product demand. Exploration and production activities in offshore areas of China, Australia and Indonesia are one of the major factors behind the growth of Asia Pacific subsea injection systems market. Europe is expected to grow at a constant growth rate over the coming years. In the Gulf of Mexico, dilution rates from the sea floor are set on discharge pipe diameter and water depth. Production expenditure is anticipated to be determined in West Africa, Brazil and the U.S. (Gulf of Mexico), chiefly due to the harsh offshore sectors.
Operational, environmental and economic benefits that will drive subsea injection systems market can be achieved with reduction of lost energy, operational flexibility, savings on chemical additives and lower development and maintenance costs. Diminished capacity, damage to disposal wells and shut down due to environmental emissions are the major restraints that lead to continuous hydrocarbon and solids upsets. Separation cost is dependent on physical and chemical characteristics of produced water. Water management services and technologies are expected to grow in line with increasing oil and gas production. Subsea injection systems have much higher monitoring requirements than traditional subsea injection systems owing to shorter response time and more complex sensors.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=5384
Some of the major players in subsea injection systems market are ConocoPhillips Co., Exxon Mobil Corp., Brunei Shell Petroleum, Chevron Corporation, CNR International Limited, Statoil ASA, Saudi Aramco, BP PLC and Talisman Energy Inc. among others.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
FILE - In this March 15, 2018, file photo, Cleveland Browns' Damarious Randall speaks at an NFL football news conference in Berea, Ohio. Randall underestimated two things: the power of social media and the passion of Cleveland fans. Randall said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, they never imagined that an innocent Twitter posting about the NBA Finals would blow up into a national story - and maybe something they may live to regret. A big fan of Golden State star guard Stephen Curry, Randall posted a tweet on Monday night promising that if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Warriors in the â€œ2018 NBA finals, Iâ€™ll buy everyone who retweetâ€™s this a jerseyâ€¦â€� By Wednesday afternoon, Randallâ€™s tweet had been retweeted 869,000 times. (Joshua Gunter/The Plain Dealer via AP, File)
FILE - In this March 15, 2018, file photo, Cleveland Browns' Damarious Randall speaks at an NFL football news conference in Berea, Ohio. Randall underestimated two things: the power of social media and the passion of Cleveland fans. Randall said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, they never imagined that an innocent Twitter posting about the NBA Finals would blow up into a national story - and maybe something they may live to regret. A big fan of Golden State star guard Stephen Curry, Randall posted a tweet on Monday night promising that if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Warriors in the â€œ2018 NBA finals, Iâ€™ll buy everyone who retweetâ€™s this a jerseyâ€¦â€� By Wednesday afternoon, Randallâ€™s tweet had been retweeted 869,000 times. (Joshua Gunter/The Plain Dealer via AP, File)
CLEVELAND (AP) - Browns safety Damarious Randall underestimated two things: the power of social media and passion of Cleveland fans.
Randall said Wednesday they never imagined that an innocent Twitter posting about the NBA Finals would blow up into a national story - and maybe something they live to regret.
A big fan of Golden State star guard Stephen Curry, Randall posted a tweet on Monday night promising that if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Warriors in the "2018 NBA finals, I'll buy everyone who retweets this a jersey."
By Wednesday afternoon, Randall's tweet had been retweeted 869,000 times.
"Honestly, I didn't think it was going to get over 100," Randall said after practice. "I didn't think people were going to actually view that as a serious tweet from me. But obviously it got the whole world excited about it, and I mean now I'm actually excited about it. It is a great, great opportunity to interact with the fans and we're just going to watch the series and just see how everything folds out."
Randall, who came to the Browns in a March trade from Green Bay, said they couldn't track the number of re-tweets because their phone locked up when they tried to access their Twitter account.
"I definitely didn't think it would go as viral as it did," the 25-year-old said. "I definitely didn't think the Cleveland fan base would go this crazy about it. Obviously, it was a joke, but just to know how passionate this fan base is, I mean, it's just really encouraging."
Randall would say they planned to pay off their promise if the Cavs win.
"We'll talk about this after the series is over," they said.
Randall is from Florida, but said they became a fan of Curry's after the shooting star made a name for themselves at Davidson College and went pro. Randall said they also like Cleveland's superstar LeBron James, but not as much as Curry.
"I am not anti-LeBron. I am actually a big LeBron fan as well, but when he's going against Steph, I would rather Steph over LeBron," they said. "But at the end of the day, I mean they are both great, great players, and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state.  They are one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me."
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media.
"Don't hit send," they said. "Should have been smarter about the whole situation, about the tweet. Whether you feel that way or not, don't tweet it."
Coach Hue Jackson, who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise they made when the team was going 0-16 last season, knew Randall would get some heat for their tweet.
"I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you've got to be careful about what you say," Jackson said. "I don't think they meant any harm. I think they have a love and a respect for Curry, obviously. But they found out that, 'Hey, look, in this city it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James."
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns.
"Just the other day, I was able to show them LeBron's message to the media in Game 7 when they talked about team," they said.
"I thought it was tremendous. I thought what they said about their other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win. I thought that was sensational. I said that to our football team."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Ecobank Ghana has launched a promotional package for its customers to celebrate the festive season.
Under the promo which covers household items, electronics, entertainment, medicine and food, it allows customers to enjoy 10 per cent discount on purchases made at some selected retail outlets making payments via the Ecobank app.
The selected outlets are Max Mart, ANC Shopping Mall, Silverbird Cinemas, Eletromat, Papa's Pizza and Medimart Pharmacy.
The promo which is already running is expected to end December 31, 2017
Mr Tara Squire, Ecobank's Head of Consumer Banking for Ghana and West Africa speaking in an interview with a cross-section of the media in Accra on Friday said the promotion was to help customers shop for the festivities and also embrace the bank's digital payment systems.
They said apart from the juicy discounts to be enjoyed by customers they said the bank as part of the festive package also introduced the 1per cent charge on money transfer across the continent and the globe via Ecobank's mobile app.
“We are also announcing to everybody who wants to remit money that when you go via our mobile app or any digital channels, you will pay not more that 1per cent of the value,” they said.
They said, “You know worldwide, transfers cost a lot and we have really reduced the cost so that transferring money can be easy, cheap and convenient. We are bringing Ghanaians a solution to make transactions especially payments in the comfort of their homes.”
They said, “After the festivities our charges will still be competitive. Our aim is to make customers happy as we offer them the best of services and products.”
The bank as part of its campaign to promote a cash-lite society, introduced platforms such as the Ecobank App, Ecobank Xpress Cash, Ecobank Masterpass QR and other digital channels for customers.
The Ecobank Scan + Pay QR Code allows you to scan a barcode image (QR code) using your smartphone so that you can pay for goods or send money to someone else.
Ecobank is the first to launch the QR code in Ghana and is available in 33 countries across Africa.
The Ecobank Mobile App already has over 200,000 customers currently thus placing Ghana ahead of the other 32 African countries where Ecobank is present.
Mr Squire said the bank's digital payment channels create the avenues for customers to shop, transact and do business without cash.
By David Adadevoh
April 24 (UPI) -- Actor Chita Rivera and composer/producer Andrew Lloyd Webber have been named the 2018 recipients of Special Tony Awards for Lifetime Achievement in the Theater.
The honors are to be bestowed at the 72nd annual Tony Awards ceremony June 10 at New York City's Radio City Music Hall.
The Tonys gala celebrates excellence on Broadway. Josh Groban and Sara Bareilles are hosting this year's event, which will air live on CBS. Nominations in competitive categories are to be announced May 1.
"The cultural impact that Chita and Andrew have had on the international theater community and on theater education, has been immeasurable," Heather Hitchens, president and chief executive officer of the American Theatre Wing, and Charlotte St. Martin, president of the Broadway League, said in a joint statement. "They are ground-breakers, they are inspirations and we are truly honored to recognize these two incredible legends with the Tony Awards for Lifetime Achievement."
Rivera, 85, said their interest in performing began at a young age when they trained in ballet in Washington, D.C.
"When I came to New York and auditioned for George Balanchine, who gave me a scholarship to the School of American Ballet, I could never have imagined the amazing journey I have had in the theater. I would not trade my life in the theater for anything as the theater IS life," they said. "I am deeply honored to be recognized with the Special Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theater this year."
"I am completely overwhelmed as a Brit to be honored by the Broadway community at the Tonys, particularly at the time when musicals are flying higher in their spiritual home New York than they have for two generations," Webber, 70, said.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Skin Packaging Materials Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Skin Packaging Materials market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Sealed Air Corporation, DuPont (Surlyn), Clondalkin Group, Linpac Packaging, Display Pack, Bemis Company, Bemis Company, Westrock Company, Berry Plastics, ULMA Packaging, G. Mondini, Thermo Packaging, Nampak. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Skin Packaging Materials Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-skin-packaging-materials-market/10362/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Skin Packaging Materials market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Skin Packaging Materials market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Skin Packaging Materials Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Skin Packaging Materials. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Skin Packaging Materials in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Plastic Films, Paper & Paperboard, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Food, Pharmaceuticals, Industrial Goods, Consumer Goods, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Skin Packaging Materials Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-skin-packaging-materials-market/10362/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Skin Packaging Materials new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Skin Packaging Materials market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Skin Packaging Materials industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Manufacturers that operate in foreign trade zones may be able to evade President Donald Trump's new tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, trade experts say. But there are a lot of unanswered questions about how the tariffs — which were justified on rarely-used national security grounds — will be applied in zones.
“This issue is so new and unprecedented that even Customs has not finalized how they are going to handle these transactions,” Tom Gould, senior director for customs and trade at Miami-based law firm Sandler, Travis & Rosenberg, said in an email.
There are close to 200 foreign trade zones in the United States, from the Port of Long Beach to a five-county area in Colorado's rural Eastern Plains. The federal government created the FTZ program during the Great Depression to help domestic and foreign companies delay or reduce customs duties and fees.
Under most circumstances, manufacturers in foreign trade zones can choose to pay duties on a final product or on its components. For some companies, such as automobile manufacturers, flipping the duty rate can lead to big savings.
But Trump's tariffs are unusual. They are authorized under a 1962 law that allows the government to limit imports that threaten national security. There's little to no guidance on how such tariffs will play out in foreign trade zones, Gould said.
Trump has authorized a 25 percent tariff on the value of imported steel articles — such as beams, tubes and wire — and a 10 percent tariff on the value of imported aluminum articles. The tariffs don't apply to imports from Canada and Mexico and the Trump administration has left the door open to other exceptions.
The federal government has adjusted imports on national security grounds on two other occasions since 1979, according to a 2001 Commerce Department investigationinto iron ore and semi-finished steel imports. The report found no evidence of a national security threat from such imports at the time. Trump's tariffs are the first national security tariffs imposed since the report was published.
Companies can't typically use foreign trade zones to avoid other special tariffs, such as antidumping duties. Trump's tariffs may be applied in a similar way, Erik Autor, president of the National Association of Foreign Trade Zones, an industry association, said in an email.
“Special tariffs imposed through a trade remedy action are subject to different rules,” Autor said. “As a general rule, zone operators may be able to delay, but not avoid payment of these special duties.”
The new steel and aluminum tariffs will apply to products that enter the United States beginning this Friday, March 23.
North Gulfport Middle school students were given a first-hand lesson on job opportunities today.
Professionals were brought in to talk about different occupations and answer questions.
Share. The Power Rangers are shaping up to have a bad year. The Power Rangers are shaping up to have a bad year.
The Power Rangers are due for some dark days in 2018. BOOM! Studios shed light on the future of their flagship Mighty Morphin Power Rangers comic at NYCC. The tagline "The war is coming" tells you pretty much everything you need to know.
This new storyline begins in Mighty Morphin Powers Rangers #25, which the publisher is calling "the biggest Power Rangers story BOOM! Studio has told yet." This new storyline will feature the return of Lord Drakkon, the evil, older version of Green Ranger Tommy Oliver.
Boom hasn't revealed the creative team for this new arc, though we assume regular writer Kyle Higgins and artist Hendry Prasetya will remain on board. Boom did note that the series has been building towards this conflict from the first issue, and that the team will be significantly impacted by their latest clash with Drakkon.
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers #25 will hit stores in March 2018. Check out our interview with Higgins for more on the origin of Lord Drakkon.
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN. Allow them to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @jschedeen on Twitter, or Kicksplode on MyIGN.
VILLANOVA, Pa. — Big East first-year student of the year Omari Spellman is staying in the NBA draft after helping Villanova win the national championship.
The school announced Spellman's decision Wednesday, the final day of the NCAA deadline for players who haven't hired an agent to withdraw from the draft and return to school. Spellman joins Donte DiVincenzo, Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges as Wildcats who left the champs for the NBA with eligibility remaining.
Spellman enrolled at Villanova in the fall of 2016 after attending St. Thomas More in Connecticut for their final season of prep basketball. After sitting out the 2016-17 season as an academic redshirt, Spellman averaged 10.9 points and 8.0 rebounds as the Wildcats set a school record with 36 victories. Spellman connected on 43 per cent of their 3-pointers and led the Wildcats with 59 blocked shots.
"The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari's maturity and potential as a player," coach Jay Wright said. "He made a great impact on our program and we're thrilled that their efforts have led them to this opportunity."
The global oncology drugs market revenue is estimated to reach USD 202.13 Billion by 2024 expanding at a CAGR of 7.8% from 2019 to 2024. Immunotherapies/ biologics are emerging as potential therapies to find the permanent cure for various cancer types. Amongst various biologics, drugs based on monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) have gained significant attention in recent years due to their high efficacy.
The cancer drugs market is driven by the growing prevalence of various types of cancer, increasing demand of biological and targeted drug therapies, continuous patent expiry of key cancer drugs and the rising impact of biosimilars. However, the high cost of drug development, the threat of failure and the adverse effects of cancer drug therapy, particularly chemotherapy, hinders the market growth. Developed nations have implemented strict regulations for the design and development of cancer drugs. USFDA and European Union have undertaken significant initiatives to fuel the growth of the cancer drugs market by providing pre-market approval for potential drugs under clinical development.
Download a sample copy of report @ https://axiommrc.com/request-for-sample/?report=1397
Oncology Drugs Market Is Segmented On The Basis Of By Geography:
The global oncology drugs market is segmented on the basis of therapeutic modules, cancer type and geography. Based on the therapeutic modules, the market is segmented into chemotherapy, targeted therapy, immunotherapy, hormonal therapy and others. On the basis of cancer type, the global oncology drugs market is segmented into blood cancer, breast cancer, gastrointestinal cancer, prostate cancer, lung cancer, skin cancer and others. By geography, the market is fragmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. North America is anticipated to remain the leading region over the forecast period in 2017. Demand for cancer drugs was highest in North America especially in the U.S.
Oncology Drugs Market Is Segmented On The Basis Of Types & Applications:
North America dominates the market for cancer drugs as the region houses companies engaged in the development of cancer drugs. Additionally, the disposable incomes of consumers and health insurance cover for life-threatening diseases in North America are very high which increases the affordability of cancer treatment. In recent years, US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) has taken initiatives to support the growth of cancer drugs market by providing pre-market approval to the drugs, which are in the clinical phase; thus, accelerating the clinical development. Asia Pacific is expected to be the moderate growing region in cancer drugs market during the forecast period. Moreover, the Middle East and Africa and Latin America are also expected to show moderate growth for this market in the years to come.
Get more details about this Report @ https://axiommrc.com/speak-to-analyst/?report=1397
The Oncology Drugs market Is Led by Leading Manufacturers:
Some of the key players operating in the oncology drugs market with most significant product development include and are not limited to Amgen Inc., Johnson and Johnson, Roche Diagnostics, GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Merck & Company, Novartis AG, Pfizer, Sanofi, Eli Lilly and Company, Celgene Corporation, Bayer, Amgen, Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, and Teva Pharmaceuticals among.
Salman Khan's much-awaited Da-Bangg Tour has official kick-started last night in Hong Kong. While we knew that the official tour members – Sonakshi Sinha, Bipasha Basu, Badshah, Prabhu Dheva, Maniesh Paul, Elli Avram, Daisy Shah, to everyone's surprise, Akshay Kumar made a grand entry in the concert.
Although Akshay had arrived in the morning, they were rehearsing the whole time. Thankfully, their pictures and videos were not leaked on social media to avoid killing the suspense. Akshay made a entry on a bike and was seen performing their famous songs Chura Ke Dil Mera Goriya Chali, Tu Cheez Badi Hai Mast Mast.
They were even seen sharing the stage with singer Sukhbir Singh. Sikhbir shared the picture and video on their social networking handle saying, “With the Khiladi of #Bollywood, @akshaykumar! #PerfomanceDiaries #LoveWhatIDo #HongKong #DabbangShow #giglife #IshqTeraTadpave #Ohohoho.”
Check out the pictures and videos from the tour here:
Short Clip: Crowd is going crazy while @akshaykumar sir performing at #DaBanggTour in HongKong. pic.twitter.com/2OoTRQmoa6 — ❤ KHILADI GROUP ❤ (@AkshaySolapurFC) April 16, 2017
@akshaykumar what great surprise Sir. You made my day. Cant believe i got to see you. Wonderful night. Thank you Sir #akkiisthebest pic.twitter.com/cMGScZb5di — Wasif Ali (@wasiffali) April 16, 2017
Akshay will not be heading to Auckland, Sydney, and Melbourne along with the others.
On the work front, Akshay Kumar is having three films in the pipeline for this year, which are Toilet – Ek Prem Katha opposite Bhumi Pednekar which will release on 11th August. The movie will clash with Shah Rukh Khan and Anushka Sharma starrer Imtiaz Ali's untitled next.
They also have 2.0 (Robot 2) along with Rajinikanth and Amy Jackson, which will hit the screens during Diwali and Pad Man opposite Sonam Kapoor, Radhika Apte which will be produced by their wife Twinkle Khanna.
While in 2018, the Khiladi Kumar will be having 3 releases which include Neeraj Pandey's Crack, Reema Kagti's Gold which will be produced by Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar under their banner Excel Entertainment (releasing on 15th August) and Mogul which will be the biopic of T-Series founder Gulshan Kumar.
Kristian Rouz – After Greece reported an economic contraction in the fourth quarter, the nation's creditors became increasingly anxious over Athens' capability of serving its obligations. The Greek IMF bailout program has faltered recently as the government refused to implement additional austerity measures and broaden the scope of economic reform that would allow the budget to be consolidated.
© REUTERS/ Wolfgang Rattay Win for UK's Brexit Campaign Gets Grexit Tongues Wagging
The 86-billion-euro IMF bailout is currently at stake, stirring the concern over Greece's ability to remain in the Eurozone, as some allegations have emerged yet again that Greece might abandon the euro altogether. Subsequently, the European authorities had to interfere reviewing the pace of economic reform in Greece, and Athens' cooperation will be crucial so the troubled nation could avoid a default or Grexit.
Pierre Moscovici, the EU Commissioner for Economic Affairs, is meeting with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras in Athens on Wednesday. The Commissioner has already had a meeting with Greek Finance Minister the same day. These meetings are an attempt by the European authorities to spur the pace of economic reform in Greece and convince Athens that more austerity measures are necessary if the nation wants to both meet its creditors' demands and remain in the Eurozone.
“The will to go to a solution is there, and where there is a will there is a way,” Moscovici commented after their conversation with Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos. “I hope that we can find the best solution as well for Greece and its partners inside the Eurozone because my feeling is, and always was, that we need a strong Greece at the heart of the Eurozone.”
© AFP 2016/ Daniel Roland Eurozone Growth Disappoints Amid Structural Deficiencies, Trade Woes
Previously, Greece rejected its creditors' demands to implement more cuts to the budget spending amidst rallies of protest in Athens. When the economy posted a surprise contraction for 4Q16 at —0.4pc, tensions have escalated. In the third quarter, the Greek economy grew by 0.9pc, and was believed to be on course of achieving a 2.3-percent budget surplus for 2016.
Yet, additional fiscal consolidation might be necessary in the light of the sudden Q4 contraction.
“The negotiations should have ended. Greece has done everything that it was asked to do,” Nikos Pappas, Greece's digital policy minister, said. There will be “no more measures,” they added.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) insists that in the light of the recent developments, Greece needs to implement additional budget cuts worth some 2pc its GDP in order to be able to achieve and maintain at least 1.5-percent budget surplus after the EU bailout is removed.
© REUTERS/ Alkis Konstantinidis Tsipras Urges Merkel to Prevent German Finance Minister From Anti-Greek Rhetoric
Additional austerity measures, however, will likely undermine the credibility and poplar support of the Greek government at home. With many social and subsidy programs having been cut since the 2015 crisis, Tsipras' cabinet had to deal with multiple protests and other forms of public disgruntlement as austerity somewhat impaired the quality of life in Greece.
Now, the IMF say they would not enable the 86-billiout-euro Greek bailout unless the nation cuts its budget expenditures further. Meanwhile, Greece has a 7-billion-euro payment to the European Central Bank (ECB) due in July, and as the deadline nears, the standoff around the Greek debt is escalating again.
Greece might leave the Eurozone after all, Ted Malloch, Donald Trump's pick for the US ambassador to the EU, said, commenting on the renewed crisis.
“I know some Greek economists who have even gone to leading think tanks in the US to discuss this topic (Grexit) and the question of dollarization,' Malloch said in an interview to Greek TV. “Such a topic of course freaks out the Germans because they really don't want to hear such ideas.”
© AP Photo/ Yorgos Karahalis Reverse Synergy: Grexit and Brexit Together Could be Catastrophic for the EU
Leaving the Eurozone would be a solution for Greece, as it could maintain the current level of budget spending, whilst serving its foreign obligation via a massive devaluation of its own currency. That currency would thereafter be pegged to the US dollar at a low FX rate in order to foster foreign investment and economic growth.
Wolfgang Schauble, the German Finance Minister, meanwhile, said that the EU will not pour any more money into the Greek budget in order to help Greece stay in the Eurozone, and maintain the current level of budget spending, and meet its creditors' demands.
“For that, Greece would have to exit the currency area,' Schauble said. “Pressure on Greece to undertake reforms must be maintained so that it becomes competitive, otherwise they can't remain.”
While the EU-Greek negotiations are underway, anxiety in the European markets, rocked by the recent Brexit and Italian banking sector panic, is brewing gradually, rendering the entire Eurozone highly volatile.
LITTLE SISTER NO MORE: Following in the footsteps of Marc Jacobs, Dolce & Gabbana and Sonia Rykiel, Vanessa Bruno is saying goodbye to its sister line Athé.Launched in 1994, only two years after the introduction of the main Vanessa Bruno branded line, Athé spun the designer's vision into an everyday wardrobe, while the main collection was used as a showcase for more luxurious products and trend-led developments.This closure comes as the result of a wider reflection on the brand image. “It is no longer coherent with the digital experience. Today's market is about being honest about the product and offering a strong brand identity, and no longer offering pricing as a split. Today's client is knowledgeable so it is essential to offer their product with a just value for money ratio,” Vanessa Bruno told WWD. “My brands have always been ‘affordable luxury,' before the term was trendy.”Bruno admits nonetheless that an increasing convergence between the two lines is partially responsible for the decision to shutter Athé. “A different road would have been necessary for Athé to continue as a completely separate entity,” they said.Price points and products formerly found in Athé will be available under the Vanessa Bruno umbrella, coherent with the designer's overall vision. “Offering items that fit a day-to-day reading of my seasonal work within the Vanessa Bruno brand made sense, and means an extension of the brand's price range, by offering lower entry-level pieces.”Without the second line, Bruno will concentrate on fostering a closer rapport with their customer base, such as personalization pop-ups focusing on their famous tote bag, and offering new experiences as a way “to create occasions that build a solid rapport between client and brand," they said. The designer is in talks about developments on the lifestyle front, although details remained at the sketch phase.No staff has been impacted by the closure, as they were part of a global style team within the larger organization, the company confirmed. The line's last collection is fall 2017, which is in stores.
HONOR ROLL: François Pinault was promoted to the Dignity of the Great Cross in the Legion of Honor, France's highest civilian distinction, on Easter Sunday.
The French luxury titan had been made a Grand Officer of the Legion of Honor on New Year's Day in 2012.
Last November, as reported, the Italian government honored Pinault for their support for Italian luxury brands and their contribution to the art world, namely through their Palazzo Grassi and Punta della Dogana contemporary art museums in Venice.
Pinault founded the luxury conglomerate Kering, which is now headed by their son François-Henri Pinault.
The leader of the provincial Liberal Party is slamming NDP Premier John Horgan for rising prices at the gas pumps, but Horgan says he's slamming the wrong guy.
“Gas prices went up nine cents overnight, that's not a tax question, that's a gouging question,” Horgan said Wednesday. “I've raised this with the federal government, we've certainly talked about it inside government here. When you see that type of increase in the price of a litre of gasoline, it's not about taxation. I know there are those that would like to make that the argument but clearly there's not a connection between the commodity price of a barrel of oil and the price at the pumps.
“That tells me,” Horgan said, “we have two issues. We have a matter of supply, which we've talked about, the ability to refine more product rather than shipping raw materials offshore — that would help the consumers in Canada, that would be my preference, but we certainly need to look at why prices can go up nine cents overnight. That's not taxation — that's profiting for companies.”
Liberal leader Andrew Wilkinson said Wednesday that Horgan “should be reducing costs for drivers” but instead “is making British Columbians pay more.
“This tax grab is a slap in the face from John Horgan,” Wilkinson charged. “While British Columbians are struggling to get ahead, John Horgan hiked another tax without even having the courtesy to tell British Columbians about it. People deserve some help to make life a little more affordable and government should lower the gas tax and give folks a break from the pain at the pump.”
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. — Michigan State coach Tom Izzo stuck to the script again Saturday night.
No, they didn't talk about the sexual misconduct allegations surrounding their program. Yes, they said they plan to speak out. And they still did not provide a date for when it might happen.
Until then, they intend to focus on doing their job and leading the fifth-ranked Spartans through a long NCAA Tournament run.
"I thought about it and I looked at all the multiple ongoing investigations with which we've co-operated with fully," they said when asked again following a 63-60 victory at Indiana. "I just think it's inappropriate for me to say anything right now. Our whole focus is really, because I'm trying to keep things on the up and up, our whole focus has been on the healing process for the survivors, the healing process for the university and our community and for me to coach our basketball team. So I don't have a date. But I will be working on it. The date will come sometime, I promise."
The scandal, which began with allegations of sexual assault and the subsequent guilty plea of Larry Nassar, a doctor who worked at the university and with USA Gymnastics, has already led to the resignation of university president Lou Anna Simon, the retirement of athletic director Mark Hollis and the appointment of John Engler, a former Republican governor of Michigan, as interim president.
Football coach Mark Dantonio strongly denied other allegations made in an ESPN report, which questioned how the two coaches have dealt with allegations against their players.
Izzo, however, has been relatively muted, citing ongoing investigations.
He's been pressed for responses after each of the Spartans' last three games, and players were asked Saturday if the outside distractions are being reflected in Michigan State's play.
"There's going to be distractions for the rest of our lives, so we just need to deal with them," starting forward Miles Bridges said. "We've just got to tune out the noise. Just play our game. When we're playing our game and we're getting chances and we're rebounding the ball, that's our game."
But around college basketball, administrators know how fast scandals can become the target of derision from student sections.
The highlands of Ethiopia are home to the majority of the country's population, the cooler climate serving as a natural buffer against malaria transmission. New data now show that increasing temperatures over the past 35 years are eroding this buffer, allowing conditions more favourable for malaria to begin climbing into highland areas.
That is the conclusion of a new study by researchers from the University of Maine and the International Research Institute for Climate and Society at Columbia University in New York.
Malaria is a climate sensitive disease, and while the biology of malaria transmission is complex, sufficiently low air temperatures inhibit the development of the malaria parasites that cause the disease.
Dr. Bradfield Lyon, a research professor at the University of Maine and lead author on the study, indicates "Air temperatures below approximately 18°C and 15°C, respectively, effectively stop the development of the Plasmodium falciparum and P. vivax parasites responsible for the majority of malaria cases in Ethiopia." Low temperatures also impede the development rates and population density of the Anopheles mosquito, which transmits the disease.
"While locations of sufficiently high elevation have temperatures below these thresholds, our research examined how these "threshold elevations" have been changing with time across the highlands."
The study, published today in the journal Environmental Research Letters, utilized a newly developed national temperature dataset for Ethiopia, which combines hundreds of surface station observations with climate model output that incorporates satellite data and other information. The new dataset provides a detailed view of maximum and minimum temperatures across Ethiopia going back to 1981.
The study identified statistically significant increases in elevation for both the 18°C and 15°C thresholds in highland areas between 1981 and 2014. "The elevation at which the temperature thresholds are met has risen by more than 100 meters since 1981. While a 100 meter increase may appear modest, we estimate that more than six million people currently live in areas with statistically significant increases in threshold temperature."
The researchers point out that exceeding the minimum temperature thresholds necessary for malaria transmission does not in itself point to an increase in the prevalence of malaria.
"While the dynamics of malaria transmission are complicated and control efforts may significantly limit the impact of these temperature changes, our study shows a clear softening of the climate barrier to transmission in the Ethiopian highlands, potentially putting more people at risk," said study co-author Dr. Madeleine Thomson, a senior research scientist at the International Research Institute for Climate and Society.
"Until quite recently, undertaking this type of study was not possible owing to a lack of quality controlled and sufficiently high spatial resolution climate data," said Lyon. "These new data allow us to examine the climate of the highlands in much more detail and confirm some of the anticipated changes of a warming Earth."
###
NATIONAL CITY, Calif. – A driver hit three parked cars and a moving one before flipping theirs on a National City road Monday morning, police said.
The woman became trapped when their car landed upside down in the 2800 block of E. Division Street around 7:30 a.m., according to National City police. Witnesses ran over to their vehicle where they found them unconscious.
Paramedics took them to UC San Diego Medical Center in Hillcrest where they were in “rough shape,” according to police.
Police blocked the area from traffic to investigate the crash.
According to reports Seoul has asked Washington to delay the drills until after the Games to lower the chances of provocations by Pyongyang
Published 4:33 PM, December 12, 2017
SEOUL, South Korea – The US military is reportedly in talks with South Korea on the timing of large-scale annual military exercises that always infuriate nuclear-armed Pyongyang and could coincide with next year's Winter Olympics.
The Foal Eagle and Key Resolve drills usually start in late February or early March and involve tens of thousands of troops from the two allies, which say they are purely defensive.
The North, though, sees them as rehearsals for invasion, and they always ratchet up the already high tensions over its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs.
Next year's Winter Olympics take place in Pyeongchang in the South from February 9-25, followed by the Paralympics.
According to reports Seoul has asked Washington to delay the drills until after the Games to lower the chances of provocations by Pyongyang.
"The ROK-US alliance continues to discuss the way ahead on the exercises Key Resolve and Foal Eagle, to include the appropriate timing," said US Pacific Command spokesperson Commander Dave Benham, Yonhap news agency reported Tuesday, December 12.
A statement on the exercises' timing will be issued at the "appropriate time", Yonhap cited Benham as saying.
The comments come after the Financial Times reported that four people familiar with the situation said Seoul had requested the exercises be pushed back until after the Paralympics, which end on March 18.
South Korea's defence ministry spokesperson Choi Hyun-Soo declined to comment on the report, saying there had been no formal "discussion" between the allies on the issue.
South Korea is seeking the North's participation in Pyeongchang, hoping that the Olympics could serve as a diplomatic opening to defuse tensions, but Pyongyang boycotted the 1988 Seoul Olympics and has not yet said whether it will take part this time.
The North last month launched an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the US mainland, the latest in a series of missile tests this year. – Rappler.com
Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of murder when they deliberately drove their van into pedestrians along a busy street
Wright's father, Arnold, said their son grew up playing sports with their three brothers and liked to joke around. They followed both their parents and one of their brothers into the Army. And their brother, Will, who also served in the military, described their younger brother as “an amazing special forces soldier and an amazing friend.” Will Wright said the two were just 13 months apart, were very close and shared a special bond over their military service.
The University of Texas at Tyler is hoping to join over 300 other school across the country in Division II athletics. Friday morning, the school submitted a formal application to the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
After realizing how much the school has grown, the school has worked for over a year to meet certain requirements to send in their application.
“We felt like the opportunity to go to Division II and offer athletic scholarships,” Athletic Director Howard Patterson said. “[We felt] the timing was right to do that.”
Currently UT Tyler is ranked as a Division III school, but the administration believes that gaining Division II status will not only benefit student athletes, but will help the general student body's college experience as well.
“We believe that Division II athletics will bring a higher level of excitement to the games,” Chief Communications Officer Lucas Roebuck said. “We know that D2 sports will increase our school spirit.”
Some of the main differences between a Division III and Division II school are the opportunities to play bigger and more competitive schools, and offer scholarships to athletes. However, some students have concerns about becoming a Division II school.
“I think it's going to do more harm, because it's going to definitely add to the school's debt,” Track & Field and Cross-Country athlete Nathan Adams said. “It's going to make the school more expensive to go to.”
Should the school gain D2 status, all sports will not be eligible for post season competitions like championship tournaments. Then the school will be placed on probation for three years before gaining full Division II status
“Well, it sort of like enrages me,” Adams said.
Other student athletes are happy about the possibility to gain scholarships opportunities.
“I mean D2 and D1 get paid, [junior college] get free school, we don't get anything,” Track & Field and Cross-Country athlete Mack Hamilton said. “We might as well get paid.”
The school will receive notice of whether or not their application was accepted some time in June or July of this year. Division II status will make UT Tyler eligible for a football team, however, Patterson says it will be a while before the school looks into such a big financial project.
RELATED: UT Tyler officially applies for NCAA Division II status
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FRANKLIN, TN- Lulu Williams, a 16-year-old student at Franklin High is standing up to their bullies and taking back control.
On Friday, one of Lulu's biggest fears became reality.
"She's like what if someone took my wig off? She's like so scared about it all the time. It was like the main thing they always thought of," said Myckelle, Lulu's mother.
A student took this video where you see another student rip off lulu's wig, and throw it on the ground before running off.
What's more heartbreaking is that lulu wears that wig because Eczema and Psoriasis have left them with hair loss.
"I immediately held my head and ran to the bathroom and was like Hannah please get my wig! Please get my wig! And I ran to the stall and could hear people laughing like seeing them videotaping," said Lulu.
"Her head was hurting. Them neck was hurting. Them scalp was hurting and they were just crying," said Myckelle.
But eventually those tears faded and lulu found the strength to leave the haters behind and go bald.
They even got some love from the Top Model queen, Tyra Banks.
"Now ever since I did it I feel free and I'm not held down by my hair or I'm not defined by it. I'm defining myself," said Lulu.
The teens behind the wig snatching prank apparently did it for 5 bucks. They're now facing school discipline and maybe even jail time.
Sounds like a cheap way to land yourself in trouble.
The Ord River Magpies players from yesteryear earned bragging rights over their Kununurra Demons counterparts in a legends game between retired clubmen.
From the recently retired to older blokes in their 50s, the two old rivals squared off in a curtain raiser to Saturday's East Kimberley Football League match between the Yardgee Dockers and current Magpies.
After a tight opening half, the balding and greying Maggies were too strong in the final quarter jogging out winners 8.3 (51) to 2.1 (13).
Camera Icon The first ball up in the legends game. Picture: Peter de Kruijff
Demons won the ball out of the middle after the first tap between ruckmen Ben Durrans and Russell Cooke.
The Dees probed the half-forward line before Maggies sent it back the other way and Dylan Lodge delivered the ball to the outstretched hands of full-forward Tony Tuohey.
Tuohey couldn't get a clean grab initially and juggled it on the tips of their fingers before taking it to ground and then booting the first goal of the game.
Dees Adrian Goldup sold some candy out of centre half-forward but missed a shot at goals in the first quarter.
Dean Pegareno got one back for Demons and the game remained tight until Bernard McLean got a breakthrough for Magpies.
Camera Icon Magpies Tony Tuohey hangs on to the mark.
Magpies league coach Myles Harvey had a run on the wing and darted around a few older blokes before they were benched since they had to coach the next game.
Demons captain Wal Lovelock was in fine form early getting involved in plenty of contests and driving the ball forward.
Legends coach David Cross said after the game it had been fantastic to see so many former players back down on the track.
“There are no awards because the esteem of being legend, well there is no higher honour,” they said.
“One Magpie who should be recognised for playing their 250th game and that was Jacko (Mark Davey),” they said.
“Jacko is 53 and hasn't played since 2004 ... you are a life member and a Magpie legend.”
Tony Tuohey got the chicks' pick for the day for their juggling mark and goal.
Pro Football Hall of Famer Joe Namath has admitted to taking a look from afar at the group of top-tier quarterbacks heading into the 2018 NFL Draft.
After all, Broadway Joe's former team - the New York Jets - have the third overall pick in the draft, which begins Thursday at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.
As for which quarterback has caught their eye, Namath shared their feelings during a phone interview with ESPN's Rich Cimini.
"I haven't met them, but I've watched them and the most outrageous, so to speak, that I've seen has been (Oklahoma quarterback Baker) Mayfield," the 74-year-old Namath said.
Namath, who famously guaranteed the Jets' victory in Super Bowl III and wears lavish fur coats, also dismissed the notion that Mayfield's persona may limit them on the field.
"I'm not as big on the outward swagger, so to speak, but the confidence, the leadership qualities ... and that damn confidence, man. Don't tell me I can't do it, I'm gonna get it done," Namath said.
Mayfield's stock has risen recently in lieu of a pair of reports that have the reigning Heisman Trophy winner's name being mulled for the top overall pick by the Cleveland Browns.
Radio broadcast host Dan Patrick said on Monday that he's hearing the Browns are choosing between Wyoming quarterback Josh Allen or Mayfield.
ESPN's Adam Schefter added the following over Twitter on Tuesday morning:
"(O)ne NFL executive said this morning that Baker Mayfield is 'definitely' in Cleveland's conversation to become the No. 1 overall pick."
NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang lists USC quarterback Sam Darnold first in their most recent Big Board. UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen, Penn State running back Saquon Barkley, Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson and North Carolina State defensive end Bradley Chubb round out the top five.
Allen is ranked 10th by Rang, Mayfield is 14th and Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson is 15th.
Namath admitted to seeing their fair share of Mayfield's games this past season, including the Sooners' 54-48 double-overtime loss to Georgia in the College Football Playoffs. Mayfield completed 65.7 percent of their passes and threw for two touchdowns against the Bulldogs.
"Hey, it wasn't just Georgia, it was a couple of years, early on, when I saw them play," Namath said. "I saw them a couple of years back. I never saw them look bad. I don't know how tall they are. I still don't know big they are (6-foot-1). Size can be a major asset, yes, size can be an asset in today's game. But Drew Brees, their size was questioned many times and he's one of the greatest players who's ever played."
Mayfield passed for 4,627 yards and accounted for 48 touchdowns with just six interceptions while leading Oklahoma to the College Football Playoff last season.
While that that is impressive, Mayfield is also linked to some less-than-stellar moments.
Mayfield planted the Sooner flag at midfield after winning at Ohio State and taunted Kansas fans as well. Those actions were preceded by a Feb. 25 arrest in Fayetteville, Ark., on charges of public intoxication, disorderly conduct, resisting arrest and fleeing, which resulted in a plea deal.
As for the Jets, they signed quarterback Josh McCown to a one-year, $10 million deal in the offseason.
McCown, who turns 39 in July, is coming off one of their most productive seasons in 2017. They completed 67.3 percent of their passes, threw for a career-high 18 touchdowns with nine interceptions in 13 games before their season ended due to a broken left hand.
McCown joins Teddy Bridgewater, Christian Hackenberg and Bryce Petty as quarterbacks on the team.
With a week to go until election day, candidates in Ottawa-Vanier stuck closely to their respective party lines in the community of Beacon Hill at a buttoned-up all-candidates' debate with few attacks and very little conflict between candidates.
There were no obvious takeaways from the debate, which jumped from topics like school funding, to pharmacare, to provincial support for community groups, but no controversial comments, either — something for which party officials will likely be thankful.
Ottawa-Vanier is usually considered one of the safest Liberal strongholds in the province, but in an election in which voters are demanding some measure of change, a stronghold it is anything but. To wit, the main race emerging seems — at least based on Wednesday's debate at Colonel By Secondary School — to be between the NDP's Lyra Evans and Liberal incumbent Nathalie Des Rosiers.
Generally well-liked in the community, Des Rosiers steered the debate away from an assessment of the Liberals' record in government, and more toward the value of their social program-focused platform. “It's not only about the past tonight,” they said. “It's also a debate about the future of Ontario.”
Prior debates in the riding have tilted, thematically speaking, toward more local issues. In Ottawa-Vanier, one of the biggest issues has been housing and affordability — the riding has one of the highest needs for affordable housing in the city, and is one of the most economically disadvantaged, with unemployment nearing 10 per cent and one in five people living on low incomes. “Housing is definitely a big issue,” Des Rosiers said ahead of the debate.
Evans, a relative political newcomer, made their case that the NDP could offer change to voters.
“I've seen high dozens to low hundreds of people who said they're lifelong Liberal voters” but not voting Liberal this year, they said after the debate. “It's really telling.”
The Progressive Conservative challenger, Fadi Nemr, who has only sporadically attended debates so far, was in attendance, touting their party's release of cost estimates for its platform.
“As of today, we have a fully costed plan,” Nemr said. “We're going to restore to the government integrity, accountability and dignity.” (Strictly speaking, however, the information released was not a fully costed platform because it didn't include details on how a PC government would raise the money required to pay for various pieces of the platform.)
It's an astounding — and perhaps disheartening — statistic: 60 percent of small companies are unable to sustain their business within six months of a cybercrime attack, according to the U.S. National Cyber Security Alliance.
To help avoid joining their ranks, John Hey and other information technology experts advise small business managers to foster a culture of cybersecurity that permeates their entire operation, not just the IT department.
“I hate to promote apprehension or cynicism, but you have to be almost by default extremely suspicious or skeptical,” said Hey, chief operating officer of Grandville-based Trivalent Group, one of Michigan's largest IT solutions providers. “Basically, awareness and suspicion really are the best policy.”
“Today,” said Zara Smith, strategic programs manager at the Michigan Small Business Development Center (SBDC), “protecting against online threats such as phishing (tricking consumers or businesses into disclosing financial information while posing as a legitimate company) or ransomware (encrypting a company's files, making them unusable, and demanding a ransom to unlock the data) is everybody's job.”
“This is the new world we live in,” they said. “Years ago we had to teach everyone to lock the door. Now we're teaching that cybersecurity is something everyone needs to be aware of. Not everybody has to be an expert, but if we are truly to protect ourselves, we must all take responsibility.”
Indeed, the issue of staying safe and secure online is so mainstream that the National Cyber Security Alliance has designated October as National Cyber Security Awareness Month, a campaign that aims to reach consumers, small and medium-sized businesses, corporations, educational institutions and young people across the nation.
For small businesses, making cybersecurity part of every employee's routine is especially important because they are unlikely to have distinct IT departments staffed with workers whose sole mission is to keep the company's technology systems operating smoothly. Often, Hey said, small companies might have one person who's in charge of technology but also has responsibility for other, unrelated duties.
Small businesses also can't hope to simply fly under hackers' radar, Smith said. Their sheer numbers make them a favorite target of cybercriminals. Plus, big businesses, which have the financial resources to upgrade their security, are tougher for hackers to crack. So rather than seek a single big score, increasingly hackers are opting for volume and setting their sights on multiple, more vulnerable smaller companies.
Former FBI Director Robert Mueller, somewhat famously within cybersecurity circles, summed up the threat this way: “There are only two types of companies: those that have been hacked, and those that will be.”
While that might seem to paint a hopeless scenario, the answer is to put up a vigorous defense that might prompt hackers to seek other, easier prey, Smith said.
“It's all about risk mediation,” they said. “Don't be the lowest-hanging fruit.”
To be sure, measures such as installing anti-virus and email scrubbing software and keeping it up to date remain fundamental, first lines of defense against falling victim to cybercrime. But a truly robust security system is based on vigilance among all employees, Hey said.
“An uncareful user can undermine all of your security measures,” they said.
For example, all employees should know to follow safe and proper protocol regarding opening attachments and links in emails, potential avenues for hackers to introduce malware or viruses into a computer network, Hey said.
Such emails are becoming more sophisticated, having evolved beyond the iconic Nigerian-based scams. Today's emails are better written (foreign fraudsters hire translation services when composing them) and often are sent in the names of companies or people known to the recipients, Hey said.
“If there's any shred of doubt, just delete the entire email,” they said. “If it's a legitimate email, the other person will resend it.”
Care in sharing or protecting information such as passwords is also part of a culture of cybersecurity, Hey said. Whenever they speak on the topic, there's always someone in the audience who keeps an important password written on a sticky note, an extremely low-tech and dangerous storage method. In contrast, Hey stores all their passwords in a smartphone app that requires a 16-character password to open.
“I say a bad word every time I have to enter it, but it's ultimately worth the effort,” Hey said. “Security is not convenient.”
Hey advises against sending password information in email files, saying that texting is safer. Also, having systems set up so that passwords periodically expire adds another level of safety.
Common-sense measures related to physical security, such as logging off your computer or not leaving a cell phone sitting on a table when you go to the restroom, are also keys to staying digitally safe, Hey said.
Beyond trying to access financial information such as credit card or bank account numbers, hackers who target small businesses also aim to profit by disrupting companies' operations. Ransomware allows them to hold data hostage until a business pays to have its systems unlocked.
The cybercriminals typically don't ask for exorbitant sums — $300 on average, Hey said — to make the ransom less traceable. They also operate with a certain level of honor, rarely reneging on their promise to unlock systems once payment is made, so as to help ensure victims recognize the benefit of paying and money keeps flowing.
But the real cost to a business comes from the disruption to its operations — as well as the blow to its reputation, Smith said. “There's the perception that if you get hacked, you've done something wrong,” they said.
Hey has seen ransomwear's devastating effects up close. They worked with a 25-employee West Michigan business that had security software and other protections in place but became infected after an employee opened an email attachment. The company had its data backed up, but it took several days to restore.
“They wound up with three or four days of lost productivity,” Hey said. “They had a six-figure impact because an email was opened. They had taken reasonable security measures but didn't have the best user practices.”
To help companies assess their vulnerability to similar crimes, the SBDC launched its “Small Business, Big Threat” initiative. The foundation of the initiative is a website, www.smallbusinessbigthreat.com, that allows individuals to take a free assessment and receive a report.
From there, participants can choose from a variety of resources to engage with, including in-depth trainings, webinars, best practices, or industry articles on small business cybersecurity.
Published in cooperation with Corp! Magazine.
For more tips and inspiration for small business owners,
visit CBS Small Business Pulse Detroit.
Arthur McCann's tribute to veterans takes up most of the front lawn of their Norwood, Massachusetts, home: A giant American flag, spray-painted using field paint.
Photo courtesy of Arthur McCann
Arthur McCann's tribute to veterans takes up most of the front lawn of their Norwood, Massachusetts, home.
It's a giant American flag, spray-painted using field paint. And it will stay there for several months before the paint grows out, they told USA TODAY.
“I just like to go big," they said. They estimate the flag measures roughly 30 by 20 feet.
McCann, who runs a maintenance department, said it took them about two hours to create the tribute.
McCann said their grandfather served in the Navy in World War II. The flag is an artistic tribute to those who served, they said.
This is the second time he's painted the flag before an annual Fourth of July party at their house. They said locals drive by to see the flag.
It's a patriotic community, they said. There are lots of flags displayed in their neighborhood. There also are a large number of veterans who live in the area, located southwest of Boston.
They hope no one takes the flag the wrong way. It's not a political statement to them — it's a patriotic one: “I really do this for a positive message,” they said.
Opinion: July Fourth is a celebration of the founding freedoms we need to teach in our schools
Later on Wednesday, McCann plans to welcome about 75 people into their home for a Fourth of July party.
They'll eat chicken, burgers, mac and cheese, corn bread, sausages, and more.
“I just love America and the freedom and opportunities it gives and I love to be creative,” McCann told WBZ-TV.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
By Annie Reuter
Selena Gomez may have found a new career. The singer recently unveiled a hilarious clip with Coach where they play the role of a news anchor alongside Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers. The 40-second snippet has Gomez perfecting their fake television laugh, discussing breaking news, reading traffic reports and much more.
Related: Selena Gomez Cast in Woody Allen's Next Project
Gomez first announced their partnership with Coach in December. In addition to filming parodies, the singer has collaborated with the brand to help design several bags, wristlets and leather accessories. For more on their collection at Coach, visit the designer's website and watch their hilarious parody below.
Read more: The battle to ban plastic bags
Recently, Prince Edward Island took the big step to announce new legislation to make it the first province to ban SUP shopping bags. Seattle is the first major U.S. city to ban the use of plastic drinking straws.
Government support
Canada is planning to adopt a zero-waste strategy, and we recently heard more about these details in the non-binding G7 Ocean Plastics Charter, which was agreed to by five of the seven participating nations and the European Union (EU). However, neither the United States nor Japan signed the voluntary agreement.
National and international organizations have also made recent announcements about how to reduce and improve recycling, but all have committed to widely varying timelines to achieve these goals.
Read more: An international plastics treaty could avert a 'Silent Spring' for our seas
For example, the United Nations Environment Programme (with support from 42 governments), declared a fight against plastics, announcing their global Clean Seas campaign in 2017 to eliminate major sources of marine debris by 2022.
The following year, the European Commission (EC) adopted the first Europe-wide strategy on plastics, aiming for all plastic packaging in the EU to be reusable or recyclable — but not until 2030.
Lagging behind the international community, the United Kingdom announced it will eliminate “avoidable” plastic waste by 2042 — almost a generation away!
Meanwhile, Canada has also been soliciting comments and ideas on ways to reduce plastic pollution and improve recycling.
Corporations lead the way
With governments setting unambitious targets, it seems that large corporations are now showing leadership by listening to consumers who are demanding less SUPs in their packing and food containers.
Recently, McDonald's announced that it would replace plastic straws with paper ones in all of its U.K. and Ireland restaurants, as of September 2018. This strategy may soon be rolled out in other jurisdictions. IKEA has also committed to eliminating all SUP products from its home furnishing range by 2020, including plastic straws, plates, cups, freezer bags, garbage bags and plastic-coated paper plates and cups.
Why has it taken so long to tackle this wicked problem?
Sure, the plastics industry has something to lose, and maybe governments also lack the will and technology to make the transition sooner?
But time is running out.
I'm just glad that the Romans invented viaducts and straight roads instead of SUPs, as we likely wouldn't be here today if they had. Giving up a plastic straw, stirrer or bag might not be so bad after all.
If I have to choose between “Planet or Plastic”, I know which I'll pick. What about you?
Tony Robert Walker, Assistant Professor, Dalhousie University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Beyond all the books at the Ina Thompson Moss Point Library is a room full of art. Moss Point artist Leroy Williams sketched more than a dozen pieces, now hanging on the walls of the Ruth Horn meeting room.
A new genetic analysis of Southern Resident killer whales found that two male whales fathered more than half of the calves born since 1990 that scientists have samples from, a sign of inbreeding in the small killer whale population that frequents Washington's Salish Sea and Puget Sound.
Only about 26 of the 76 endangered whales in the Southern Resident population are currently breeding, according to the analysis published this week in Animal Conservation. The limited number of breeding whales reduces the effective size of the population, leaving it less resilient to change and possibly compromising the survival of individual animals, said lead author Michael Ford, a conservation biologist at NOAA Fisheries Northwest Fisheries Science Center in Seattle.
"The effective size of this population is really small," they said. "It's acting like a population of only 20-30 individuals."
Authors of the research also include scientists from the North Gulf Oceanic Society and Center for Whale Research. While the new paper builds on earlier genetic studies, it also raises new questions about whether inbreeding may be contributing to the population's struggles. Southern Resident numbers have fallen to their lowest point in 30 years.
The analysis identified four whales as highly inbred, including offspring of a father-daughter and mother-son pair, but noted that all four are still alive. Many additional whales may be inbred to a lesser degree. Other studies have estimated that more than half of Southern Resident calves die before or shortly after birth, and the new analysis suggests that inbreeding could be a contributing factor.
"We found a hint of a relationship showing that the less diverse you are, the less likely you are to live long," Ford said. "We don't yet know how much of a concern that is, but it's something we want to look at more carefully. It's possible that some of the problems this population has may be due to inbreeding."
Many wild species maintain diversity through mixing that occurs when maturing animals strike out on their own, often joining or forming new family groups. Southern Residents do not follow that strategy, with whales staying with their mothers and their families throughout their lives. The reason is not clear; the whales may see more benefit to sticking with their families because their mothers continue to help them hunt salmon as food.
The drawback is that it puts the population at greater risk of inbreeding.
While killer whales are generally flourishing worldwide, the isolated population of Southern Residents that eat primarily salmon is not. NOAA Fisheries has designated the population one of its eight national " The next link/button will exit from NWFSC web site Species in the Spotlight," and developed an The next link/button will exit from NWFSC web site Action Plan of stepped-up measures to promote its recovery. The population faces three main risks: lack of salmon prey, vessel traffic and noise, and chemical contaminants. The Action Plan includes measures to address all three risks in both the short and longer term.
Researchers obtained DNA from skin and fecal samples for the genetic analysis, which identified two male whales, known as J1 and L41, as the fathers of more than half of the other sampled whales born since 1990. J1 fathered 16 of the Southern Residents with nine different females, while L41 fathered 20 whales with 11 different females. The two whales' offspring included whales in all three of the Southern Resident pods, indicating that there is genetic interchange between pods but that males also mate with females in their own pod.
The number of breeding whales in the population has ranged from 12 to 53 over the past 40 years, the analysis found, with the oldest samples coming from a pre-1970 population with just 24 breeding whales. The analysis also found that the breeding success of male killer whales increases with age, with a median age of fatherhood at 31.
With the Southern Resident population dominated by females that lead the tight-knit family groups, "it's kind of interesting to get a glimpse of what's going on with the dads here," Ford said.
###
A year on, Danny Green reflects on that Anthony Mundine coward punch and their last ever boxing fight The West Australian
A year on from their final, brutal showdown with arch-rival Anthony Mundine, Danny Green reflects on the triumphant end to their boxing career...and life beyond the ring.
How did I start 2017, the year which would be my last in boxing? Busted up, that's how.
But nothing was going to stop me from my long-awaited date with Anthony Mundine at Adelaidie Oval on February 3. My debilitating back pain meant I had to have three epidural cortisone injections and there were times I couldn't even put my own shoes on.
I was pretty ginger for a while, but I just had to stay mentally strong, switched on and disciplined and by January 1 in Melbourne, I was pushing hard. Every night after dinner, I'd been walking with my good mate John Hall because I also had to lose a significant amount of weight.
He's a good man and it gives you a huge lift when you know your mate is waiting for you at 9.30pm. We'd chew an apple, chew the fat, walk the dog and work out the problems of the world every night ... I actually think we made the problems worse, but we had a laugh.
I also ran into some problems with my left elbow. I had 11ml of fluid drained off it 12 days before the fight and then another 10ml out four days out.
I even developed an American alter-ego by the name of Chip. When when I was so sore that I could barely sit down after training, Chip would say, “I'm all right man, I'm good as gold, awesome”.
While I was broken down physically, I've learnt that the mind can overcome anything and we all wanted the Mundine fight so much. It's a very demanding sport and you have to push your body to the absolute limit.
The mind can do anything, even if the body is broken - Danny Green says. Picture: Ian Munro.
The fight itself is difficult to reflect on because of the shocking, disgusting punch Mundine hit me with in the first minute. Most decent fighters would have been knocked out. It was a hell of a shot.
But in the end, the judges got the decision right knowing how many punches I threw and landed. If they hadn't thrown that cheap shot because they were scared and panicked, they wouldn't have been standing after three rounds.
To do it under such duress just made winning feel more momentous and I didn't sleep for a couple of days because the adrenaline was pumping. Probably one of the most special moments hugging my dad Mal for the last time after a fight - I've even got the moment tattooed on my arm.
In a result that surprised many watchers, WA champ Danny Green avenged their 2006 loss to Anthony Mundine. The West Australian In a result that surprised many watchers, WA champ Danny Green avenged their 2006 loss to Anthony Mundine.
Looking at the belt from the fight, It brings back very good memories. I never had the Australian title because I'd bypassed it earlier in my career and went for a world title in my 17th fight.
But it made sense for Choc (Mundine) and I. It was a big domestic fight and it was a fitting way to end a long rivalry. To finish on a high and know that's the last fight of my career - finished, catch you later, I won - it feels nice.
“While I was broken down physically, I've learnt that the mind can overcome anything”
I even remember looking down at my corner before the fight at my close mate Justin Manolikos and winking almost in disbelief that we had finally pulled the event off.
Looking at all my belts makes you proud of what you've achieved and takes you right back to all the moments. If I'm ever around them and someone rings a bell, I start swinging.
I can understand now what happens to elite sportspeople mentally when their careers come to an end because it's difficult to recreate those highs in any other part of your life. And it blows me away to think I've been fighting in stadiums and iconic venues such as the Adelaide Oval as a headline act for 15 years.
The fight against Anthony Mundine delivered Danny Green a belt that he'd never previously had. Picture: Nic Ellis
But you've just got to deal with it and I consider myself very lucky to have experienced what I did in the first place.
I never thought I'd do what I've done and that makes it all the more fulfilling. You savour it and enjoy it and appreciate that it was never going to last forever. Now I just want to stay as fit and healthy as I can for as long as I can.
And I still get such a buzz when someone beeps the horn and yells out “Green Machine”.
The “Coward's Punch” campaign also continued to roll on this year, but it still upsets me that people choose to get involved in street violence.
Unfortunately, society has eroded and anyone who disputes that has their head up their arse. We need to put a stop to this erosion.
As for the ring, I always want to fight again because it's so exciting. But to keep going, there is no real point. I did what I had to do.
The sun is shining, every day is a new day and I'm blessed. I couldn't be more satisfied.
High Chrome Mill Internals (HCMIs) Market by Product Type ( High Chrome Grinding Balls, High Chromium Alloy Casting, Liners (Bolted and Boltless)) by Application (Cement Industries, Mining Industries, Utility Industries) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026
This report studies the High Chrome Mill Internals (HCMIs) Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the High Chrome Mill Internals (HCMIs) Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of High Chrome Mill Internals (HCMIs) (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall High Chrome Mill Internals (HCMIs) Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/high-chrome-mill-internals-hcmis-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
High Chrome Mill Internals (HCMIs) Market: Product Type
• High Chrome Grinding Balls
• High Chromium Alloy Casting
• Liners (Bolted and Boltless)
High Chrome Mill Internals (HCMIs) Market: Application
• Cement Industries
• Mining Industries
• Utility Industries
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/high-chrome-mill-internals-hcmis-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Marcus Hayes is a sports columnist for the Daily News and Inquirer. Hired more than 20 years ago as a features writer, they have since covered the Eagles, Phillies, and Sixers beats as well as Big Five basketball, college football, golf, and the Olympics.
Phillies second baseman Scott Kingery catches the baseball against the Tampa Bay Rays during a spring training game at the Charlotte Sports Park in Port Charlotte, FL on Friday, March 2, 2018.
FORT MYERS, Fla. — It's understandable that Scott Kingery didn't handle the first bunt attempt they saw at spring training perfectly. It had been a while.
Twins center fielder Byron Buxton, who is exceptionally fast, led off the second inning and dropped a bunt between Kingery, playing third base, and pitcher Aaron Nola. They converged, in silence. Finally, Kingery called for it. They had no play on Buxton.
“That one's on me a little bit. I called it a little late,” Kingery admitted. “We kind of met in the middle. I called it at the last second. I should have seen that off the bat and called for it early.”
Kingery, the Phillies' top prospect, is a natural second baseman, but the team is trying to expand their repertoire. They have played shortstop and outfield this spring, and they played third in four minor-league games last season, but they had not played third this spring.
As usual, Kingery didn't make the same mistake twice. Zack Granite pushed a bunt at Kingery in the fifth. Kingery called it, charged it and made a perfect scoop-and-throw.
Kingery's spring debut at third base was the marquee event in Kapler's defensive carousel. They also put infielder Jesmuel Valentin in right field. Speedy outfielder Roman Quinn entered the game in the seventh at shortstop, where they have played a bit this spring, which moved shortstop J.P. Crawford to third base for the second time this spring and pushed Kingery to second.
The musical chairs did not affect Kingery's swing. They collected two more hits and kicked their average up 14 points, to .378, which remains top on the team. Nevertheless, they will start the season at triple-A Lehigh Valley, to maximize the Phillies' long-term control over their career.
Before the game, Kapler asked Kingery if he'd like to continue to play positions other than second base over the final nine games of spring training, and Kingery asked for more time at third base and in the outfield.
“I love that they're moving me around,” Kingery said.
And they love to do it. Kapler believes in defensive versatility.
“Based on their skill set, I think they could play, legitimately, anywhere on the diamond and be just fine,” Kapler said. “I don't think there's much that they can't do on a baseball field, athletically.”
There's a reason why Kingery is the top prospect.
Twins 4, Phillies 3
By the end of the second inning, Phillies No. 1 starter Aaron Nola had given up two runs, but he'd also stranded a runner at third to end each inning. They froze left-handed slugger Logan Morrison with a fastball to keep the first scoreless, then, after Ehire Adrianza's two-run triple with no outs in the second, they found their curveball and their fastball gained some gas. Jason Castro fanned on a curve, the first of eight outs in a row. Nola survived five innings, surrendered those two runs on four hits and two walks. They struck out three.
“They had some pressure on me, but I was able to get out of it,” said Nola, who believes pitching out of jams in spring training can simulate in-season pressure. “You're just going to have to grind through it.”
Nola remained 1-1 in their four starts and actually lowered their ERA by a half-point, to 4.50, over 77 pitches. They will make one more start this spring. Kapler was unsure if it will be an abbreviated start, though they did mention it would be “nice to be able to back them off.”
Enticing utility man Jesmuel Valentin took Nola off the hook in the seventh when they hit their third home run of the spring, which tied the game at 3. It also tied Valentin with Kingery for the team's home-run lead.
Left-handed reliever Hobie Milner surrendered their only their second run of the spring in their nine appearances and Jake Thompson later gave up their first home run, in the eighth, but it was the difference in the game.
Phillers
Kapler said the Phillies have not determined the next step for newcomer Jake Arrieta, who pitched a simulated game Saturday, though Arrieta could still be ready to pitch the first week of the season. However, Arrieta tweeted on Saturday to Inquirer sports editor Gary Potosky: “I'm ready now.”
Gary.. Gary.. Gary.. I'm ready now. — Jake Arrieta (@JArrieta34) March 17, 2018
… After right-hander Jerad Eickhoff was examined by doctors in Philadelphia, the Phillies determined that their right lat strain is unrelated to the vascular issues that sidelined them last season. Eickhoff's timetable to return (up to eight weeks) is unchanged. … Odubel Herrera made a spectacular catch at the wall in the right-center field power alley to end the seventh inning. Their jump, route and timing all were superb. … Quinn singled and stole their third base of the spring, in the seventh.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
3/7/2018 – The demand for concrete acid staining is rising among homeowners who are finding out just how versatile and beautiful these floors can be! Installing a concrete floor is much more than simply pouring that dull, gray concrete and waiting for it to dry. There are now so many ways that you can spruce […]
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) - A week ago Buffalo was waiting to find out if it earned one of the final four at-large berths to the women's NCAA Tournament.
Now the 11th-seeded Bulls are headed to the Sweet 16 for the first time in school history.
Cierra Dillard scored 22 points as Buffalo shocked No. 3 seed Florida State 86-65 in a second-round game on Monday night. The Bulls (29-5) won't have far to go for the regional semifinal as it will face defending champion and second-seeded South Carolina on Saturday in Albany, New York.
"We made history. It hasn't sunk in and hit us," Dillard said. "We're going to the Sweet 16 and to be a mid-major. It's an amazing feeling. This is the year of upsets and to be a part of that is great."
The Bulls are also the first Mid-American Conference team since Bowling Green in 2007 to advance to the Sweet 16. They were joined moments later by MAC rival Central Michigan which knocked off Ohio State also as an 11-seed.
Buffalo coach Felisha Legette-Jack said they got off the phone with Central Michigan coach Sue Guevara after their game was done. The Bulls were the first team from the conference to earn an at-large berth in 22 years.
"Our goal was to let people know that the MAC was alive and well," Legette-Jack said.
Buffalo made 14 3-pointers in its first-round win over South Florida but was able to work it more inside against Florida State (26-7). It shot 47.4 percent from the field but more importantly went 27 of 30 on free throws.
The Bulls were also able to generate a lot of their offense from their defense. They held the Seminoles to 33.8 percent from the field and 3 of 25 on 3-pointers.
"There were a lot of shots that were out of rhythm, it wasn't just the three. The long rebounds fueled their fast-break opportunities," Florida State coach Sue Semrau said. "Sometimes you have games that you just can't get a rhythm. That was the game for us."
Stephanie Reid scored 18 points and Summer Hemphill added 17 points and 11 rebounds for Buffalo.
Buffalo seized control late in the first half. The game was tied at 28 with 2:05 remaining when the Bulls closed the half with a 10-2 run, including eight straight points by Dillard, to take a 39-30 lead at halftime.
The Bulls would then extend the lead to 14 with a 7-2 run to start the third quarter. Florida State drew within 55-45 with 1:24 remaining in the third quarter but would not get any closer. The Bulls would lead by as many as 23 late in the fourth.
Florida State, which was hoping to make the Sweet 16 for the fourth straight year, was led by Shakayla Thomas' 25 points while Nausia Woolfolk added 12.
BIG PICTURE
Buffalo: The Bulls continue to improve to 25-0 in games where they lead at halftime and are 16-2 when scoring 80 points or more.
Florida State: It is the first time that in eight games that the Seminoles have dropped an NCAA Tournament contest when it has been the host.
OFF WEEKEND
Florida State's Imani Wright, who had made a school record 103 3-pointers heading into the NCAA Tournament, was 0 of 12 from beyond the arc in the two games, including missing all 10 shots on Monday.
QUOTE OF NOTE
"They got a good run on us and we didn't have an answer for it until -- we didn't have an answer for it. We weren't really focused how we usually were in practice. And it showed in the game," Florida State's Thomas on their final game.
— Montreal, Quebec
Tires aren't sexy. There, I said it. But we all know this don't we? Maybe that's why Michelin's Visionary Concept tire unveiled at the Movin'On Conference was colored blue and shown under some very sexy lighting.
So what is the Visionary Concept exactly? It's Michelin's idea of what a tire could be, the way it believes it should be. A tire that uses no air, made possible by a honeycomb structure throughout, which as the company describes is a “generative design: a form that mimics the natural growth process at work in the plant, mineral or sometimes even animal world, such as in corals, for example.”
The tread on the tire can be “replenished” as it were, using a cold cure 3D printing technology. In the video above, the company envisions these tire printers as something vehicle owners could simply drive up to, select an option in-car, and have the machine print new tread onto the tires in real time.
Speaking with media, Michelin Executive Vice President of Research and Development Terry Gettys pointed out that the company is still in the very early stages of this research and that the durability of 3D printed tread is yet to be verified.
A technology that isn't too far away, the smart tire, is also part of the Visionary Concept's tech repertoire. The tire is capable of sending treadwear information to the vehicle, and request a tread reprint depending on where the vehicle is traveling to.
Speaking on the smart aspect of the Visionary Concept tire, Gettys mentions that we can expect to see connected tire tech show up for passenger vehicle and light truck use in the next two or three years. Much of the other technology, however, has projections for the next 10-20 years.
They also speak about how the future concept tire will be optimized for comfort and low noise as autonomous vehicles become more prevalent, diminishing the need for handling-focused tires.
Michelin says the tire will be made of a wide variety of biodegradable recycled materials and that it will be completely recyclable at life's end. Because of the reprintable tread, the life of each tire is said to be that of the vehicle it's attached to. Oh, and yes, the wheel is part of the tire structure.
The Visionary Concept tire is more an exploration and idea of what the future of rubber on the road could look like rather than an actual product for today. And while some of the tech seems farfetched, it's still an intriguing look into what the future of transportation could look like.
Photos: Kanishka Sonnadara / Motor1.com
Source: Michelin
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
The Federal Government is offering WA a $4.7 billion GST breakthrough it says will end the State's battle with the Commonwealth Grants Commission and deliver financial certainty to taxpayers.
In the biggest change to the GST allocation system since it was put in place by John Howard and Peter Costello in 2000, Treasurer Scott Morrison will today unveil an overhaul that leaves no State or Territory worse off while putting more money into the hands of the WA Government.
But the full journey to GST fairness will take eight years.
Rejecting key proposals from the Productivity Commission review of the GST system, the Federal Government wants a three-step process to smooth the year-to-year gyrations that have hurt WA since 2010.
Under Mr Morrison's proposal, the Federal Government will set a 70¢ in the dollar floor for WA's annual GST allocation.
This will deliver WA a $1.4 billion windfall over the next two years.
From 2021-22, the Gov-ernment will inject $600 million annually from general revenue into the GST pool as it begins a gradual change to the way the GST is allocated by the grants commission. Instead of allocating money to States to bring them in line with the nation's fiscally the strongest State, which for the past decade has been WA, a new measure based on either NSW or Victoria will be established.
The Government will lift its contribution to $850 million in 2024-25 when a 75¢ floor for all States and Territories will be introduced. Over the period, $5.2 billion, indexed in line with growth in GST collections, will flow from Federal taxpayers into the grants commission's pool.
Unlike the Government's previous top-ups to WA, this money will not be tied to specific projects or spending limitations. By the time the system is fully implemented in 2026-27, WA will have collected an extra $4.7 billion in GST over what had been expected.
Mr Morrison said the changes would protect all taxpayers, update the grants commission process and deliver certainty to States and Territories. “This problem has been kicked down the road for too long and it is time we now got on and fixed it,” they said. “A fair and sustainable transition to a new equalisation standard will be ensured, through an additional, direct, and permanent Commonwealth boost to the pool of funds to be distributed among the States.”
The move puts pressure on the Labor Party to reconsider its position on GST reform. It has offered a $2.1 billion Fair Share for WA package, taking the State's GST share to 70¢, but ruled out overhauling the GST allocation system.
The Federal Government's proposal will go to a meeting of State and Territory treasurers later this year. The proposed changes do not require legislation although the Government wants all States to sign off on the package.
Graphene Market is a 2-dimensional crystalline allotrope of carbon that is densely packed in a honeycomb pattern. It is the thinnest material, with exceptionally strong – 200 times stronger than steel. Graphene has a good thermal, optical, and mechanical property, with a thermal conductivity of 3000-5000 W m-1 K-1 at room temperature. Graphene has applications in various industries such as batteries, sensors, semi-conductors, electronics, displays, medicine, and others.
Increasing adoption of graphene in the energy sector and various applications of graphene in automobiles and electronics industry are some of the factors propelling the growth of the global graphene market. Moreover, the multifunctional properties of graphene has led to its introduction in various industries such as adhesives and sports, and increased government funding for R&D sector of graphene industry are contributing towards the growth of the graphene market. High cost of graphene production and use of toxic chemicals for conventional manufacturing of graphene are some factors restraining the manufacturing of graphene. However, the introduction of advanced technology such as graphene-based nanomaterials for water filtration is expected to fuel the market growth in the near future.
The graphene market can be segmented on the basis of type and end user. Based on type, the market is bifurcated into graphene oxide (GO), mono-layer & bi-layer graphene, few layer graphene (FLG), graphene nano platelets (GNP), and others (D graphene foams, pristine graphene). Based on end users, the market is diversified into biomedical & life sciences, electronics, defense, 3D printing, automotive, aerospace, energy, paints & coatings, and other (adhesive, sports, and water filtrations). Among types, the graphene nano platelets segment holds a major share in the graphene market. This is due to its wide applications in various industries, including coatings, sensors, capacitors, and electrodes in batteries.
Browse full report at: Global Graphene Market Research
The global graphene market is further analyzed on the basis of the geographical regions that are contributing significantly towards the growth of the market. North America holds a dominant position in the global graphene market. This is mainly owing to rapid growth of automobile and electronics sector in the region. Moreover, the growing energy sector has proven the major driver in the growth of the graphene market in North America. Asia Pacific is projected to exhibit the fastest growth in the global graphene market over the forecast period. The reserves for graphene in the region, especially in China, is one of the major factors contributing towards the market growth of graphene in Asia Pacific.
Related Reports: Advance materials Industry Research
Some of the key vendors of the graphene market are Cealtech, CVD Equipment Corporation, Directa plus S.P.A, Elcora Advanced Materials, Grafoid Inc., and Graphene 3D Lab Inc., among others. In order to sustain in the competitive market, these players adopt various strategies such as acquisitions, mergers, expansions, joint ventures and product development and so on. For instance, in April 2018, Directa Plus, a producer and supplier of graphene-based products, announced its partnership with its existing global accessories customer. The agreement will enable the company to produce graphene-based advanced accessories having advanced mechanical properties.
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
CHAPTER 1. REPORT SUMMARY
1.1. RESEARCH METHODS AND TOOLS
1.2. MARKET BREAKDOWN
CHAPTER 2. MARKET OVERVIEW AND INSIGHTS
2.1. DEFINITION
2.2. ANALYST INSIGHT & CURRENT MARKET TRENDS
2.3. REGULATIONS
CHAPTER 3. MARKET DETERMINANT
3.1. MOTIVATORS
3.2. RESTRAINTS
3.3. OPPORTUNITIES
CHAPTER 4. MARKET SEGMENTATION
4.1. GLOBAL GRAPHENE MARKET, BY TYPE
4.2. GLOBAL GRAPHENE MARKET, BY END USERS
CHAPTER 5. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE
5.1. KEY COMPANY ANALYSIS
5.2. KEY STRATEGY ANALYSIS
TOC Continued…
TORONTO — The energy sector helped lift Canada's main stock index in late-morning trading, while the loonie flew higher after the latest rate announcement by the Bank of Canada.
The Canadian central bank kept its key interest rate on hold at 1.25 per cent, but its comments increased market expectations that it would raise the rate in July. The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.66 cents US, up from an average value of 76.92 cents US on Tuesday.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 51.68 points to 15,974.29, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 187.29 points to 24,548.74. The S&P 500 index was up 24.66 points to 2,714.52 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 60.18 points to 7,456.77.
As morning broke on the horizon of the Karratha Country Club, the sun's first rays highlighted the faces of thousands of people standing silently in memory of all those who have served for their country.
A record crowd turned out to Karratha's main Anzac Day service, organised by the local RSL sub-branch, to pay their respects to the Anzacs and all Australians and New Zealanders who have served in conflicts since.
Camera Icon Pilbara Regiment Commanding Officer Brett Grant gives an address at the Karratha Anzac Day service. Picture: Alicia Perera
Representatives from the RSL, Pilbara Regiment, City of Karratha and local schools addressed the audience over the course of a moving ceremony, before the Last Post sounded out across the greens and people paused to observe one minute's silence.
After people had laid their wreaths, the event finished with a Haka and a march including members of the army, local emergency services and scouts.
Camera Icon A group perform the Haka at the Karratha service. Picture: Pilbara News, Alicia Perera
Karratha RSL president Darren Dymock said they were pleased to see such a big turnout to this year's event.
“It's so good that people turn out like this to Anzac Day because it is a big thing,” they said.
“A lot of people do have current and past family members that are serving or have served – whether it is their grand father, great-grand father, son, daughter, mum or dad.”
Camera Icon A bagpiper leads the march at the end of the Karratha service. Picture: Pilbara News, Alicia Perera
In the historic town of Roebourne, more than 300 people gathered to pay their respects to those who had given their lives for Australia.
Commemorations began with a servicemen's march from Padbury Road to the Roebourne Cenotaph before the official dawn service commenced at 6am.
Camera Icon Catafalque party members at the Anzac Day dawn service in Roebourne. Picture: Pilbara News, Sophia Constantine
Emergency services, clubs, companies, members of parliament, school children, and community members were all invited to lay wreathes.
101-year old Pilbara war veteran Jack Renault praised the Roebourne community for their support.
Camera Icon Pilbara MLA Kevin Michel, Pilbara war veteran Jack Renault and Ngarluma elder David Walker in Roebourne. Picture: Pilbara News, Sophia Constantine
“I spent six years in the US Army in Australia, New Guinea and in the Philippines during the war,” they said.
“I lived in the wonderful Karratha for 40 odd years.”
“This was a lovely service here in Roebourne. Every year it gets better and better….more people every year.”
Camera Icon Hedland residents and visitors gather at the Port Hedland war memorial for the dawn service. Picture: North West Telegraph, Rob Dougherty
In Hedland, hundreds of residents and visitors gathered for the annual Anzac Day dawn service at the town's war memorial.
Royal Australian Navy Commander Tony Ashley commenced with an address to the crowds and an announcement of the sounding of The Last Post, two minutes' silence and national anthems from Australia and New Zealand.
Camera Icon Hedland navy cadets place a wreath at the Port Hedland war memorial on Anzac Day. Picture: North West Telegraph, Rob Dougherty
Community groups, schools and emergency service organisations from Port and South Hedland took part in the wreath-laying ceremony at the war memorial before the Anzac Day parade to Marapikurrinya Park.
Camera Icon Veterans, Pilbara Regiment staff, navy cadets and police stand at attention at the Port Hedland war memorial. Picture: North West Telegraph, Rob Dougherty
For a full overview of Anzac Day ceremonies across the Pilbara, see next week's issue of the Pilbara News and North West Telegraph.
Joe Juliano has been a member of our sports staff since 1985. Their current beats are Penn State football, college basketball, golf, and the Penn Relays. A graduate of Temple University, they also worked for 10 years with United Press International, the last seven as Philadelphia sports editor.
Villanova first-year student Collin Gillespie dribbles the ball against Radford during the first round of the NCAA tournament.
PITTSBURGH — The last two Villanova teams that went to the Final Four were veteran teams with exceptional senior leadership — Dante Cunningham, Shane Clark and Dwayne Anderson in 2009, Ryan Arcidiacono and Daniel Ochefu in 2016.
In an attempt to return to that stage, the Wildcats of 2018 are trying to do so with a younger roster. They have no scholarship seniors, although cocaptains Mikal Bridges and Phil Booth are fourth-year juniors. Floor leader and cocaptain Jalen Brunson is a junior. Three members of their eight-man rotation are freshmen.
Villanova (32-4), the top seed in the East Regional, won its first two games by a combined 49 points over Radford and Alabama to make the eighth Sweet 16 in program history and the fifth under Jay Wright.
The Wildcats, who are the first Division I team to win at least 32 games in four consecutive seasons, await the winner of a second-round contest late Sunday night between No. 5 West Virginia and No. 13 Marshall for a matchup Friday night in Boston.
The freshmen in the rotation — Omari Spellman, Collin Gillespie and Dhamir Cosby-Roundtree — have contributed to their team's early success, and have provided, in Wright's words, “a youthful exuberance that is exciting me.”
“The last few years, we've had veteran, veteran, very businesslike,” they said Saturday after the Cats' 81-58 victory over the Crimson Tide at PPG Paints Arena. “These guys get so excited. This is a unique squad, it really is. It's fun. That's why I think we're getting better every day, because they still have a lot of room to grow.”
Although they were limited to 24 minutes Saturday by foul trouble, Spellman leads the Wildcats in rebounding with 17 in the two NCAA games. Gillespie contributed some valuable minutes against Alabama in the first half after Brunson sat for 10 minutes with two personals, forcing a turnover off Crimson Tide guard Collin Sexton and playing well at the point.
Cosby-Roundtree has four blocked shots in two games and has made all five of their shots.
Wright is pleased with the performance of their entire team on defense. In two NCAA games, the Cats have held opponents to an average of 59.5 points and 14.0 turnovers, plus 37.4 percent shooting, including 12 of 40 (30 percent) from beyond the arc.
“We can control how well we play together defensively, how hard we play defensively,” they said. “It's a challenge for this team because we've got a lot of young guys, and we're getting better as the season goes on. What is exciting about this team, we're playing the best defense and rebounding the best now than we have all year.”
Bridges leads the Wildcats in the postseason (three Big East tournaments and two NCAA games) with a 20.8-point average, and Brunson is right behind them at 19.4. Bridges scored all but one of their 23 points in the second half against Alabama.
The Wildcats have shot 48.7 percent in their first two NCAA games and 45.6 percent from three-point range. Their 31 threes are the second-highest total for a team in its first two NCAA games, trailing only Loyola Marymount's 32 in 1990. They are up to 419 made threes for the season, third in NCAA Division I behind VMI, which drained 442 in 2006-07, and 438 in 2008-09.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
China is ready to provide emergency assistance, Chinese President Xi Jinping assures President Rodrigo Duterte
MANILA, Philippines – Chinese President Xi Jinping conveyed their condolences to the Philippine government after Typhoon Nina (Nock-ten) battered the northern part of the Philippines around Christmas time, causing casualties and extensive damage.
In a message to President Rodrigo Duterte on Sunday, January 1, Xi said the Chinese people are concerned about the typhoon victims.
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre Pause
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:20 The United States of Powerball
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
Cape Town - The woman who found the body of three-year-old Courtney Pieters told the Western Cape High Court on Wednesday that they were traumatised when they saw the child's tiny legs sticking out from under tree branches on May 13 last year.
Pamela Schultz, of neighbourhood watch from Leiden in Delft, was testifying in the trial of Mortimer Saunders who is accused of raping and murdering the toddler.
Schultz broke down on the witness stand as they recalled the experience.
“I saw the child lying there by the train tracks where I searched, half-dead tree branches were on top of their upper body. I saw their bottom part to their feet and I knew it was them because the mother gave a proper description of what they had been wearing when they went missing.”
They told the court they were alone on the side of the field as the rest of the people in their group continued to search in the vicinity.
“I just went to sit down for a little while because I was very emotional. The time was exactly 1:30 pm when I found the body. I was very close to the body when I found it, I had just turned myself and there they were lying,” they said.
They told the court that they had joined the search after they learned about the incident on the television news and seen an appeal to neighbourhood watches and the public to join the search.
They said they decided to help with the search on May 9 which was a Tuesday and went to Courtney's home where they found other people deciding on which areas to search.
Schultz said they came back the following day and took Juanita Pieters, the child's mother, to the trauma centre in Woodstock, returning to the family's house in the afternoon. In the evening, houses in the area were searched as a search warrant had been obtained by police.
“We came back and started searching Marsha's wendy house in the backyard.”
Courtney's cousin, Marsha Wenn, lived in a wendy house in the backyard of the home from which Courtney went missing.
“Nothing was found and then we went to Mortimer's room and we found nothing there.”
They told the court police searched Saunders's room, while they sat on theirs bed.
“All I asked them was if that was their room and they said yes. I said you must clean up your room, it was very untidy for a young man. When I spoke to him, they did not say anything but looked at me before they put their head down again,” the court heard.
“We searched their cupboard and there was nothing there. There was a couch next to the window and I did press on it, there was nothing in there. In front of the couch, there was a bag which I searched and found lots of shopping bags inside and after that I left the room," they said.
On the day the body was found, they said Saunders had taken part in the search but was not in their group as they were split into several search parties.
Saunders's defence lawyer Morné Calitz asked Schultz if they could recall the distance between them and the body when they found it. They testified that it was a matter of centimetres, adding that they noticed that Courtney's jeans were unzipped and that they had no shoes on their feet.
"I saw their zip was open and from there I saw until their feet, they had no shoes on. I did not see blood on the jeans and I was too traumatised to notice everything of that sort," they said.
Calitz further asked if Schultz had seen Saunders with the rest of the people after the scene was declared a crime scene, but they said they hadn't. They also testified that they couldn't comment on their behaviour, as they had never met them before.
Courtney was last seen alive on May 4, 2017, when they were playing in front of their family home in Elsies River.
Them body was found in a shallow grave in Epping Industria on May 13 and Saunders was arrested the following day.
Saunders, who was a tenant at the family's home, has admitted to killing the child after giving them ant poison. They have denied raping them but said they used their fingers to penetrate them after the murder.
The case was postponed to June 6 when more witnesses, including a state pathologist, are expected to testify.
× Overweight pregnancy increases risk of birth defects, study says
Risks of major birth defects increased in step with the severity of a mother's obesity or overweight, a study published Wednesday in the BMJ medical journal found.
Based on these results, women should be encouraged to adopt a healthy lifestyle and be at a normal body weight before conception, said researchers led by Martina Persson, a researcher in the clinical epidemiology unit at Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, Sweden.
The study's findings are not entirely new, but “expand on previous knowledge,” Persson said in an email. Past studies have shown an increased risk of congenital malformations among obese mothers.
What was not known is whether the same risk increased when mothers were simply overweight and whether risks escalated as the severity of overweight/obesity increased.
More than a million women studied
Persson and their colleagues analyzed data on more than 1.2 million live births, excluding twins and other multiples, in Sweden between 2001 and 2014.
For the mothers in the study, being underweight was defined as having a body mass index of less than 18.5. Normal weight ranged from BMI 18.5 to 24, while overweight ranged from BMI 25 to 29. Obesity among the mothers was categorized as either class I, a BMI of 30 to 34, class II, a BMI of 35 to 39, or class III, a BMI of 40 or higher. Body mass index is the ratio between a person's weight and height.
A total of 43,550 of the infants — 3.5% — had a major congenital malformation, the researchers found when looking at the medical records. Heart defects were the most common birth defect, followed by flaws in the genital organs, limbs, urinary system, digestive system and nervous system.
Babies of normal-weight mothers had a 3.4% risk of a major congenital malformation, the researchers calculated. By comparison, the proportion of major birth defects among the children of overweight mothers was 3.5%. Among the babies of mothers in obesity class I, the rate was 3.8%; in obesity class II, 4.2%; and obesity class III, 4.7%.
“We demonstrate increased risks of major malformations also in offspring of mothers with overweight and risks progressively increase with a mother's overweight and obesity severity,” Persson said. They noted that these results show a connection — but cannot prove a direct cause — between maternal weight and birth defects.
Risk of congenital heart defects, malformations of the nervous system, and limb defects also progressively increased as BMI rose from overweight to obesity class III, while genital and digestive system defects increased in babies of obese mothers only. Overall, the study showed, the risk of a major malformation was higher in boys, 4.1%, than in girls, 2.8%.
“Overweight and obesity in pregnancy increases risks of several severe complications in the mother and their child,” said Persson, who added that high rates of obesity are a “problem in many parts of the world.”
A study released this week in the New England Journal of Medicine found that more than 2 billion adults and children globally are overweight or obese; that equates to one-third of the world's population.
The benefits of a healthy weight
Dr. Siobhan M. Dolan, a medical adviser to March of Dimes who was not involved in the study, said the “findings are consistent with prior research, which shows an association between increasing weight and adverse perinatal outcomes such as preterm birth and birth defects.”
Dolan, who is a professor of obstetrics/gynecology and women's health at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, New York, said the research “demonstrates a dose-response relationship between increasing weight and increasing risk for congenital anomalies.” In other words, the more overweight a mother, the higher the odds for a baby born with a defect.
“Getting to a healthy weight has so many benefits, for both mothers and babies, including decreasing risks of diabetes and hypertension for moms, as well as decreasing risks for preterm birth,” said Dolan.
Dr. Raul Artal, professor and chairperson emeritus of the department of obstetrics, gynecology and women's health at Saint Louis University, said the new study is important in that it “emphasizes a medical problem around the world.” They were not involved in the new study.
Obese women, overweight women and sedentary women “have a very high incidence of diabetes and high blood pressure in pregnancy. As a result, their offspring are at very high risk for certain congenital malformations that come along with obesity,” said Artal, who is a maternal fetal medicine specialist.
Congenital heart disease is “by far” the most common “birth defect among mothers that have obesity and diabetes,” Artal said. Other birth defects include neural tube defects, such as spina bifida and hydrocephalus, where cerebrospinal fluid causes pressure on the brain, cleft palate, anorectal aphasia, where a child lacks an anus and the lower bowels, and limb reductions or absence, for example, a missing foot.
The vast majority of babies born to obese mothers are large for their gestational age with “organ maturity delay,” said Artal. “So they could have problems with breathing … and they have delayed neurodevelopment and the vast majority of them end up having childhood obesity,” they said.
Obesity then becomes an inter-generational problem, one that is “grossly neglected,” said Artal.
Getting started before pregnancy
Artal noted that until the mid-1980s, textbooks told women “they should rest as much as possible and indulge” during pregnancy. Among certain physicians, this advice continues.
“Women have heard this for generations,” said Artal. Since 1985, they have been the main author of the guidelines for exercise in pregnancy published by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and updated most recently two years ago.
If women followed these exercise guidelines during pregnancy, “they will be in good shape, figuratively and literally,” said Artal.
Current guidelines for weight gain for pregnancy are 28 to 40 pounds for women who are underweight, 25 to 35 pounds for women who are normal weight, 15 to 25 pounds for women who are overweight and 11 to 20 pounds for women who are obese.
Generally, pregnant woman “should watch their weight and use judicious weight gain in coordination with their physician — but taking into account that the current guidelines for gestational weight gain for overweight and obese women are excessive,” said Artal. “And you can put ‘excessive' in bold letters and put my name behind that.”
The March of Dimes' Dolan emphasized that pregnant women should eat a healthy, well-balanced diet and take a daily prenatal vitamin containing 400 micrograms of folic acid, beginning before conception and continuing with a daily prenatal vitamin that has 600 micrograms of folic acid throughout pregnancy. Thirty minutes of moderate exercise most days of the week is also recommended for most pregnant women.
“But getting to a healthy weight is a big part of what women can do before they become pregnant, along with quitting smoking and discussing any medications they take with their doctor,” said Dolan. “If we can help women get to a healthy weight and to quit smoking, we can help prevent some birth defects.”
Persson also suggests women do what they can to avoid birth defects. Them research, they said, should “encourage women in reproductive age to strive towards a normal BMI before conception.”
The Galena Bay area has been taken off evacuation alert thanks to recent rain and cooler weather.
The Revelstoke &Area Emergency Managamenet Program announced the change the morning of Monday, Aug. 14.
The alert had been in place since Friday, Aug. 4. The Galena Bay fire has burned 250 hectares as of our press deadline on Monday morning. The BC Wildfire Service said 11 firefighters and two pieces of heavy equipment were deployed. “Crews are working on the west flank of this fire with the aid of helicopters and heavy equipment. Crews continue to put guard in and are working to widen existing guard in some areas,” stated the BCWS.
Three big fires continue to burn in and around Glacier National Park. The Prairie Hills fire, located on a slope above the Trans-Canada Highway near the eastern border of the park, is of the biggest significance. The 1,740 hectare fire was resulting in slow downs on the highway due to heavy smoke and fire suppression efforts.
“Fire suppression on the Prairie Hill wildfire includes a small area near the Trans-Canada Highway,” stated Parks Canada in a news bulletin. “Watch for highway workers, firefighters and water trucks working adjacent to the highway. For the safety of motorists and workers in this area, there are reduced speed zones. Drivers should expect delays or a closure with no notice.”
The Mountain Creek fire, located in the remote northeast corner of the park, but visible from the Trans-Canada Highway, had burned 1,588 hectares as of press time. While it is not impacting any people or infrastructure, it is visible from the highway.
A 1,120 hectare Incommapleux fire is burning in the remote southwest corner of Glacier National Park.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Mike Stevens closes out our week with their usual visit to the PhotoLink Library. This time he's found a little color, something we can always use.
Attorneys come under cyber-attack
Corporate companies are by no means immune to cybercrime, with McAfee's latest report indicating that it cost the global economy as much as $600-billion in 2017.
According to Christopher Appanah, claims team leader (PI and liability) at SHA Specialist Underwriters, cybercrime is also evolving rapidly with attacks becoming more elaborate.
They say proof of this is the growing number of attorney firms being targeted by one particular type of sophisticated email scam in recent years.
“We have noted a trend in the number of local attorney firms falling prey to this type of fraud. It places the firm in a vulnerable position as these circumstances do not fall within the ambit of a general Professional Indemnity (PI) insurance policy.
“The approach is simple; the attorney firm is instructed by a client to register the sale of a property. Once the property is registered at the Deeds Office, the proceeds of the sale are due to the Seller. It is at this point that cyber criminals make their move. The attorney is sent a last-minute email alleging to be from the Seller, requesting that the Seller's banking details be amended. The proceeds of the sale are then diverted to the hacker's account.”
Appanah adds that these emails are usually accompanied by a forged letter from the bank confirming the seller's “new” bank details.
“In the spirit of honouring their client's wishes, attorneys often amend the details as instructed. It is usually too late to act by the time that such a scam is uncovered, since the money would have been transferred out of the cybercriminal's bank account almost immediately after it is received.”
They say the scenario outlined above describes a typical situation that has become more and more recurrent, and puts attorney firms at serious risk should the correct type of cover not be in place.
“Since 2016 the Attorneys Indemnity Insurance Fund has declined to cover policyholders for losses arising from cybercrime. PI cover is not designed to cover cybercrime-related acts unless there is evidence of employee involvement.
“This type of scam is of course not limited to the legal sector, and professionals from a host of other industries have also reported being targeted by similar methods.”
In light of this, Appanah outlines various measures that attorneys and other professionals need to have in place in order to reduce their risks in this regard:
* Focus proactively on risk management. Professionals and firms should make a point of becoming more knowledgeable on cybercrime and scamming trends and regularly assess the weaknesses that reside in their processes and procedures.
* Call the client to confirm whether they have indeed changed their banking details. Some firms have adopted the rule that bank details can only be amended in person, rather than through emails or even telephonically. It may be wisest to incorporate a combination of innovative and proactive steps to mitigate some of these risks.
* As a safety net, firms should consider appropriate insurance cover which is designed to come to the professionals' aid if money stolen by means of email scam. With the cybercrime risks continually increasing, professionals and their firms should consider an extension to their Misappropriation of Trust Funds Cover policies. The extension is designed to provide indemnity to an insured attorney in the event that the attorney falls victim to an email scam.
“The message is clear: attorneys should take proactive steps to protect themselves and their clients from such incidents that may cause huge reputational damage to the firm and financial losses to clients which may not be recoverable,” Appanah says. “Equally, professionals in other industries should review their own PI policies and determine which cover products would help to better manage their cyber risks.”
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — Former NBA star Dennis Rodman, on low-key return to Pyongyang, has given the North Korean sports minister a copy of President Donald Trump's book “The Art of the Deal.”
It wasn't signed by Trump, who was Rodman's boss for two seasons of the “Celebrity Apprentice” reality TV show.
Rodman's arrival on Tuesday came just hours after the North decided to release Otto Warmbier, an American university student who had been imprisoned for 15 years with hard labor for trying to steal a propaganda banner.
Warmbier, who had been confined for 17 months, has apparently fallen into a coma not long after their confinement began. Pyongyang said Thursday saying it decided to let them go for “humanitarian reasons.”
Officials in Washington and Pyongyang said Rodman played no role in the release.
[India], Mar 20 (ANI): The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) has arrested a man for allegedly helping illegal Bangladeshi migrants to procure Aadhaar and PAN cards without proper documents.
The accused, 36, was arrested on March 18 by Navi Mumbai unit of ATS from Ulhasnagar in Thane district along with five other Bangladeshi nationals, who were living in India illegally.
"During the investigation, it was revealed that the accused had helped them get the Aadhaar and PAN cards," officials said.
The accused has been remanded to police custody till March 26. A case has been registered against all the accused under relevant Sections of Foreigners Act, 1946, and Indian Penal Code (IPC) while further investigation including terror links is in progress.(ANI)
–
BEIJING (Sputnik)Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi urged on Tuesday to refrain from politicization over the absence of some Western leaders at the high level international cooperation forum, the Silk Road summit, scheduled to take place in Beijing on May 14-15 within the Chinese "One Belt, One Road" initiative.
"This is the economic initiative and it deals with the economic cooperation, so we do not want it to be politicized," Wang said at a briefing answering the question, whether some Western leaders did not confirm their participation due to lack of understanding of the initiative.
Earlier in the day, Wang said that the leaders of 28 states confirmed their participation in the event, including the presidents of Argentina, Belarus, Chile, the Czech Republic, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Laos, the Philippines, Russia, Switzerland, Turkey, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, and the prime ministers of Cambodia, Ethiopia, Fiji, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Malaysia, Mongolia, Pakistan, Poland, Serbia, Spain, Sri Lanka, and the Myanmar state counselor.
According to the foreign minister, Eurasia is the main region covered by the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, and the majority of participants represent this region, however, the framework of the initiative will be expanding.
Such states as Germany and France have a desire to attend the forum, however, their leaders are unable to arrive in Beijing due to the elections in these states, the minister said, adding that London, Paris and Berlin plan to send their high level representatives.
China's "One Belt, One Road" strategy was launched in 2013 and is aimed at developing infrastructure and strengthening ties between the Eurasian countries. The initiative consists of two components, the land-based Silk Road Economic Belt from Asia via the Middle East to Europe and Maritime Silk Road connecting China's port facilities with the east African coast, leading to Europe via the Red Sea and the Mediterranean.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Barrier materials are on the rise as they have been widely accepted in various applications owing to their unique properties such as their high performance levels, long shelf life, and the thermal stability they provide to food products by reducing the passage of aroma, radiation, gases, and water vapor. These materials are transparent, flexible, and employed in the production of thin films and sheets for food packaging to obstruct atmospheric air and preserve the quality of food for longer durations. Barrier materials help wet foods retain moisture and dry foods absorb it. These factors are likely to propel the barrier materials market over the forecast period, apart from the growth of manufacturing sectors due to the rising industrialization around the world. Concerns over health care and social security have led to improvements in high-end barrier materials. The burgeoning food & beverages industry in Asia Pacific is expected to create more opportunities for the market over the next few years.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=8782
Barrier materials find its maximum usage in food and beverages industry due to increasing demand for packaged food. For instance, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have made it mandatory to use barrier materials in packaging of food and beverages to increase the shelf life of the consumables. Barrier materials are also being increasingly used for packaging pharmaceuticals ingredients to prevent them from sensitive atmospheric temperature. Therefore increasing adoption of barrier materials in food and beverages and pharmaceutical industry will play a key role in driving the growth of this market. As food and beverage industry has increasing share worldwide, this will boost the market demand overtime.
The barrier materials market has been classified by type into the following categories: PVDC, EVOH, PEN, and others. PVDC was the leading segment in 2016 and is anticipated to retain its dominance over the forecast period. PVD is an efficient polymer formed via the polymerization of vinylidene chloride monomer with a range of monomers such as unsaturated carboxyl groups and acrylic esters. It is extensively used in high-performance packaging applications in the medical, cosmetics, and food & beverages sectors. PVDCs are transparent, glossy, recyclable, scratch-proof, and printable – and thereby increasingly preferred over other types. Based on end-user industry, the barrier materials market is segregated into the following groups: pharmaceuticals, food & beverages, agriculture, cosmetics, and others. Food & beverages was a rapidly expanding sector in 2016 and is estimated to remain dominant over the forecast period, driving the barrier materials market. Rising demand for convenience food products is likely to motivate this industry and thereby the barrier materials market over the predicted period.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/barrier-materials-market.html
Geographically, the barrier materials market is distributed over North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America. Asia Pacific constituted the dominant share of the market in 2016 and is likely to retain its position over the forecast period. Rising demand for barrier materials such as EVOH, PVDC, and PEN has been a crucial factor responsible for the surge in industrialization and manufacturing activities. Increasing focus on health care and social security has led to the evolution of the barrier materials market in Asia Pacific. China is a key country in this region. North America accounted for a considerable market share due to its well-established end-user industries. Middle East & Africa is an emerging region for the barrier materials market as they are widely used for food & beverages and pharmaceuticals.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
× Albright Memorial Reopened after Makeover
SCRANTON, Pa. — The Albright Memorial Library in Scranton reopened Monday after renovations to the interior of the building.
On the inside of the new and improved Albright Memorial Library in Scranton, the color of the refinished woodwork catches your eye. Up close, the details are meticulous. Thanks to a new LED lighting system, the main floor is well lit and more open following this interior renovation that started late last year.
“It means the world to me and I think it means the world to most people in Scranton,” said library director Jack Finnerty. “This building occupies a very important part in the heart of the citizens, even citizens who may not be regular library users, but when they drive by and see the building out here, they feel it's very important and they're satisfied that we're taking care of the building.”
The interior and exterior renovations cost in the neighborhood of $2 million, with a $500,000 grant from the state.
People who have missed frequenting the library since it closed temporarily in November love the new look.
“Oh, I loved it. I thought it was just wonderful. It was easy to see the titles of the books. I really missed it while it was closed. I truly did, but now I'm back. I'm happy. I only have to cross the street and I'm at the library!” Eleanor Tyson said.
“Nice, clean and airy. I expected it to be a little different. I didn't expect it to be as open. It's hard to digest all the changes yet and how it will work out, but I'm sure it will be satisfying,” Richard Wojciechowski said.
The brand-new granite circulation desk is where the original desk was. Despite the renovations, the library says in a sense, it's going back to the future.
Everyone wants to have a financially secure retirement, but to get there, you'll have to save and plan. Just getting started with a retirement savings strategy can be the hardest part of getting on the road to retiring richer.
Once you've begun, though, there are some things you can do to make the journey a little bit easier. The following tips can help you boost your savings without feeling like you're sacrificing and give you the mental shove forward you need to keep up your momentum in striving toward your financial goals.
Glass jar with sticky note labeled Retirement holding cash, on a flat surface next to a calculator.
Getty Images
1. Save half your raises
The best way to save money is before you think you have it. That's a big reason why so many employers have moved toward automatically enrolling their employees in 401(k) retirement plans, because it gets workers into the habit of saving, sometimes without even realizing it.
Yet the problem with most automatic enrollment plans is that they start you out saving only small amounts of your pay, often 3 percent. You can increase that amount yourself at any time, but your take-home pay will go down as a result.
The simple answer: Wait until you get a raise and boost your contributions at that time. For instance, if you get a 2 percent raise, increase your 401(k) contribution rate by 1 percentage point. That way, half of your raise will go toward your retirement, but you'll still get the psychological boost of seeing your paychecks go up.
2. Invest half of your tax refund
When it comes to saving, big chunks of money that you can potentially set aside are few and far between. One area where many people have an opportunity to do this is with their tax refunds. Millions of taxpayers get refunds of $1,000 or more each year. For someone making near the typical household income of around $50,000, saving half of a $1,000 tax refund is the same as boosting your 401(k) contribution by 1 percentage point.
Again, you could save all of your refund instead of half, but where many people get bogged down in their savings strategy is that they get tired of never getting any immediate reward for their efforts. By hanging on to a portion of your refund, you'll get the payoff now while also setting yourself up for future success.
More: Retirement complications: Beware of hidden taxes when the career ends
More: 8 reasons you're overpaying for healthcare
More: 7 in 10 Americans are falling short in this key personal finance area
3. Set aside half your side-job earnings
Working a second job has been a time-honored tradition to save more money, but the rise of the gig economy has made side jobs more popular than ever. With estimates of 40 to 50 million Americans taking on work on the side to earn more money, there are ample opportunities to boost your income.
Admittedly, many people work second jobs because they must in order to make ends meet. But if your most important long-term priority is putting yourself in position to retire as rich as possible, taking a portion of your earnings from a side job can be a great way to supplement the savings from your primary employment and get your retirement nest egg growing that much faster.
Gain without pain
Retiring rich is just a dream for many Americans, but you can make it a reality -- if you're committed to it. Yet saving for retirement doesn't have to be painful. By making incremental changes like the ones mentioned above, you'll be able to reach your financial goals more easily over the long haul.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Offer from the Motley Fool: The $16,728 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known "Social Security secrets" could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,728 more... each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after. Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
NEARLY 80 Momentum Energy call centre jobs will be relocated from Melbourne to Tasmania if the Liberal State Government is re-elected, premier Will Hodgman has pledged.
The mainland retail arm of Hydro Tasmania will be asked to bring 79 jobs in its call centre to a centre such as Cambridge or Kingston, Mr Hodgman told the Sunday Tasmanian .
“A Tasmanian government-owned business should have its call centre operations providing jobs for Tasmanians and we will take action to ensure that happens,” they said.
Momentum retails electricity in Victoria, NSW, South Australia, Queensland, the ACT and the Bass Strait Islands. The cost of the relocation would be absorbed by Hydro Tasmania.
Mr Hodgman said they expected a site would be identified within the first year of a re-elected Liberal government.
“It makes sense that areas such as Cambridge or Kingston that have existing call centre infrastructure are highly likely to be investigated as a potential site,” they said.
Momentum announced the establishment of a call centre employing 30 people at Cambridge in 2012.
Vodafone moved a call centre from Huntingfield near Kingston to the Hobart CBD in 2015, leaving a facility once expected to house 1500 workers.
It was sold late last year for $4.5 million.
Governments have long sought to establish Tasmania as a call centre capital, with varying degrees of success.
Vodafone repaid $330,000 of a $4 million Federal Government handout after failing to meet agreed staffing levels.
Mr Hodgman said the 80 jobs would add to 10,000 created since their government was elected in 2014.
“Our number one priority is jobs, and this is great news that will help even more Tasmanians join the workforce,” they said.
Two men have been arrested after aÂ badly decomposed body was found in Pennypack Park earlier this week.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HAZLETON -- A man is facing aggravated assault charges after they attempted to hit an officer.
Hazleton police say they responded to a domestic dispute call early Saturday morning along East Diamond Avenue.
Once they arrived, Jose Camillo, 20, started to argue with police.
Camillo then allegedly attempted to hit an officer.
Police then tased Camillo and were ultimately able to place them under arrest.
Camillo is facing aggravated assault, public drunkenness and other related charges.
Primitius International is pleased to announce a new, certified wellness professional program they are offering to those who want to study natural medicine, as well as those interested in learning about natural health options.
The certified wellness professional program, or CWP, focuses on educating students on natural health and wellness, so they can help themselves, as well as others. Primitius International is dedicated to bringing educational information to their students so they can help others with their natural health and wellness needs.
The program is self-paced, which makes it easy for students who want to open a business or health center based around natural health and wellness to be able to go online and get the classes done at their own pace. The course includes many ebooks and study questions to help with the process of learning. The program is extremely cost-effective for their students as well.
For more information on the certified wellness professional program, visit the website at Primitius International or call 1-847-801-9479.
About Primitius International: Primitius International is proud to offer some of the best supplements, supplies, and courses in natural health. They are dedicated to teaching people about natural health and how it can benefit them. Their mission is to provide high-quality supplements and educational products and excellent national health consultations to their customers.
Company : Primitius International
Address : 1196 East Algonquin Road, Algonquin, Illinois 60102
Telephone : (847) 801-9479
Email ID : info@primitius.com
http://www.primitius.com/
Water Line Break Damages Rayburn Middle School
A main water line broke at Bryan's Sam Rayburn Middle School Sunday morning.
Bryan ISD reported more than 50 rooms, offices, closets, and common areas had between one and two inches of water.
The school's presentation room at four inches of water.
BISD maintenance employees were joined by a private company to remove the water.
The location of the leak was the ceiling in the school's 800 hallway, where school's custodian on duty heard a loud pop.
The water line break was reported at 7:05 a.m. Water from the main hallways was removed by 2:30 p.m., then crews moved to individual classrooms.
After water was removed, fans were set up for drying.
On Monday, crews are scheduled to return for a second round of removing water then to disinfect classroom carpets.
BISD's technology department removed computers from affected areas and will be testing them to assess any damage.
Parts for the water pipe repair will be in by Tuesday or Wednesday.
Teachers return this Wednesday, and district officials say the building will be ready when students return next Monday, January 9.
The world's fastest land animal, the cheetah, is a successful hunter not only because it is quick, but also because it can hold an incredibly still gaze while pursuing prey. For the first time, researchers have investigated the cheetah's extraordinary sensory abilities by analyzing the speedy animal's inner ear, an organ that is essential for maintaining body balance and adapting head posture during movement in most vertebrates. The study, published today in the journal Scientific Reports and led by researchers at the American Museum of Natural History, finds that the inner ear of modern cheetahs is unique and likely evolved relatively recently.
"If you watch a cheetah run in slow motion, you'll see incredible feats of movement: its legs, its back, its muscles all move with such coordinated power. But its head hardly moves at all," said lead author Camille Grohé, who conducted this work during a National Science Foundation and Frick Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Museum's Division of Paleontology. "The inner ear facilitates the cheetah's remarkable ability to maintain visual and postural stability while running and capturing prey at speeds of up to 65 miles per hour. Until now, no one has investigated the inner ear's role in this incredible hunting specialization."
In the inner ear of vertebrates, the balance system consists of three semicircular canals that contain fluid and sensory hair cells that detect movement of the head. Each of the semicircular canals is positioned at a different angle and is especially sensitive to different movements: up and down, side-to-side, and tilting from one side to the other.
The researchers used high-resolution X-ray computed tomography (CT) at the Museum's Microscopy and Imaging Facility, the National Museum of Natural History in Paris, and the Biomaterials Science Center of the University of Basel in Switzerland to scan the skulls of 21 felid specimens, including seven modern cheetahs (Acinonyx jubatus) from distinct populations, a closely related extinct cheetah (Acinonyx pardinensis) that lived in the Pleistocene between about 2.6 million and 126,000 years ago, and more than a dozen other living felid species. With those data, they created detailed 3-D virtual images of each species' inner ear shape and dimensions.
They found that the inner ears of living cheetahs differ markedly from those of all other felids alive today, with a greater overall volume of the vestibular system and longer anterior and posterior semicircular canals.
"This distinctive inner ear anatomy reflects enhanced sensitivity and more rapid responses to head motions, explaining the cheetah's extraordinary ability to maintain visual stability and to keep their gaze locked in on prey even during incredibly high-speed hunting," said coauthor John Flynn, the Frick Curator of Fossil Mammals in the Museum's Division of Paleontology.
These traits were not present in Acinonyx pardinensis, the extinct species examined by the researchers, emphasizing the recent evolution of the highly specialized inner ear of modern cheetah.
"By using high-tech equipment to look deep inside the skulls of modern and fossil cat species, we have discovered that there was a decoupling of locomotor and sensory system adaptations to high-speed predation in the cheetah lineage ," Grohé said. "The competition with other predators, notably large pantherines and sabertooth cats, has probably constrained the cheetah to evolve a high-speed hunting strategy. The living cheetah's ancestors have evolved slender bones that would allow them to run very fast and then an inner ear ultra sensitive to head movements to hold their head still, enabling them to run even faster."
###
The third author on this study, Beatrice Lee, was a high school intern at the Museum from the Bergen County Academies of Hackensack, New Jersey, when they assisted Grohé and Flynn with the data acquisition of this research.  They are now a student at Middlebury College in Vermont.
This research was funded in part by the U.S. National Science Foundation grant # DEB 1257572 and a Frick Postdoctoral Fellowship from the Museum.
The authors dedicate this work to the late Stéphane Peigné (National Museum of Natural History in Paris) for their contributions to carnivore evolution and, notably, their revision of the systematics of Proailurus, another fossil cat examined in this study.
Scientific Reports paper: http://www. nature. com/ articles/ s41598-018-20198-3
AMERICAN MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY
The American Museum of Natural History, founded in 1869, is one of the world's preeminent scientific, educational, and cultural institutions. The Museum encompasses 45 permanent exhibition halls, including those in the Rose Center for Earth and Space and the Hayden Planetarium, as well as galleries for temporary exhibitions. It is home to the Theodore Roosevelt Memorial, New York State's official memorial to its 33rd governor and the nation's 26th president, and a tribute to Roosevelt's enduring legacy of conservation. The Museum's five active research divisions and three cross-disciplinary centers support approximately 200 scientists, whose work draws on a world-class permanent collection of more than 34 million specimens and artifacts, as well as specialized collections for frozen tissue and genomic and astrophysical data, and one of the largest natural history libraries in the world. Through its Richard Gilder Graduate School, it is the only American museum authorized to grant the Ph.D. degree. Beginning in 2015, the Richard Gilder Graduate School also began granting the Master of Arts in Teaching (MAT) degree, the only such freestanding museum program. Annual visitation has grown to approximately 5 million, and the Museum's exhibitions and Space Shows are seen by millions more in venues on six continents. The Museum's website, mobile apps, and MOOCs (massive open online courses) extend its scientific research and collections, exhibitions, and educational programs to additional audiences around the globe. Visit amnh.org for more information.
Follow
Become a fan of the Museum on Facebook at facebook.com/naturalhistory, follow us on Twitter at @AMNH, on Instagram at @AMNH, and on Tumblr at amnhnyc.
My previous two posts took into account hours and hours of shows that I saw earlier this year at jazzahead! in Bremen, Germany, covering the Finnish and German components of that event's festival series.
But the three-day event in late April, which I attended as a guest of Germany's Federal Foreign Office and Initiative Musik organization, also included two dozen more concerts showcasing jazz talent from elsewhere in Europe and, indeed, the rest of the world.
If you read the first of my three reports on jazzahead!, you'll know that the event, which staged its 12th annual edition this year, runs wall-to-wall with not just concerts in Bremen's convention centre but also a concurrent jazz-themed trade fair that engenders much schmoozing and socializing with jazz-industry folks from practically every corner of the globe. So, my final rundown of the concerts that I saw at jazzahead! will be far from exhaustive. In all, over three posts, I'll have covered just 20 of the 40 concerts that took place at jazzahead! I invite you to check out the other shows — featuring such heavyweight talents as guitarist Gilad Hekselman, saxophonists Eli Digibri and Julian Siegel, and pianists Chano Dominguez and Leo Genovese — as preserved on YouTube and draw your own conclusions.
I did manage to see several piano trios, some horn-player-led groups, three bands with deep connections to folkloric music in Europe and beyond, and last, but not least, two bands with young, U.S.-based guitarists at the helm.
First, I saw the trio of the Austrian pianist David Helbock. The 33-year-old and their band played original music in the post-Esbjorn Svensson tradition that brings rock and electronica into the musical melange. At the beginning and at the end of the set, Helbock indulged in their most jazz-based playing — there was even a tip of the hat to New Orleans in the set's final moments. But there was also much Sturm und Drang, and a lot of sonic exploration along the away, complete with explorations and manipulations of the piano's interior. Interestingly, when I spoke much later to a festival programmer from Eastern Europe, that jazzahead! regular singled out Helbock's trio as the only act that they saw at jazzahead! that they were enthusiastic to book at their event.
The young British pianist Elliot Galvin has an expansive, indeed, everything but-the-kitchen-sink concept that not only lays edgy, crunchy, fleet-fingered improvising on top of surging grooves but also embraces puckish references to extra-musical matters. The “very British” piece Punch and Judy began with a recording from a vintage British TV show featuring the mischievous marionettes, which gave way to a roiling musical stew that burbled with jabbing dissonances and crunchy chords. A funky tune that starred a tandem of tricked-out detuned melodicas and that culminated in the set's token bit of swinging was cheekily called Blop. The trio's romping last tune began blended free-jazz flourishes, a poppy groove, and choice dissonances.
The Odessa, Ukraine-raised, New York-based Vadim Neselovskyi, who turns 40 this year, is a professor of jazz piano at the Berklee College of Music in Boston. But at jazzahead!, at the helm of a trio completed by the American bassist Dan Loomis and Israeli drummer Ronen Itzik, they also showed themselves to be a bravura performer who throws themselves passionately into their performing. At the centre of their band's music, Neselovskyi made virtuosic and even swashbuckling music with obvious power, romantic feeling and sufficient razzle-dazzle to distinguish their group from its peers at jazzahead! By that, I mean the final piece that feature Neselovskyi not only singing along with their playing, and sounding a bit to my ears like Ivan Lins, but also playing melodica and piano simultaneously, intensely delivering whirling unison melodies like a pianist Rahsaan Roland Kirk. After, I spoke to a Russian jazz club owner who was a little less bowled over by Neselovskyi. There were many similar piano trios in Russia, I was told. That, to me, is a scary thought.
The music that the trio led by Swedish drummer Emil Brandqvist made at jazzahead! was on the whole much more placid and pretty, stressing a pastoral mood, hymnal and close harmonies, and consonant, upper-register melodies. But there were pleasing musical twists and turns and cohesive logic to take in too, and the group's penultimate piece included some welcome rhythmic jolts that added a new charge to the set. On the whole, however, the group was more concerned with keeping their music lyrical and natural, without all the efforts required to make music that's more conceptually and intrinsically daring and/or contrived.
My closing thought after seeing so many piano trios at jazzahead! is that there must be more piano-trio gigs and opportunities in Europe than there are in Canada, if not North America. Sigh.
When is a piano trio not a piano trio? When it consists of flamenco guitarist Juan Gómez, also known as “Chicuelo,” Spanish pianist Marco Mezquida and percussionist Paco de Mode. The Spanish group's set at jazzahead! was entrancing, and it offered one of the event's best examples of virtuosity deployed in the service of making beautiful music. The trio made music with a considerable wow factor — the musicians' flowing rhythmic vitality and the way in which the music's components dovetailed were frequently remarkable — but above all, the set was exhilarating and open-hearted. It will a shame if this worthy trio doesn't get a few more gigs out of its jazzahead! showcase.
The multinational quartet called A Novel of Anomaly was another noteworthy jazz-meets-world-music project. (Hmm — I wonder if in Europe it would simply be considered a jazz project.) What initially leapt out at me (excluding the observation that the quartet had gotten the memo regarding the dress code from the flamenco trio) was the stellar accordion playing of Italian Luciano Biondini. However, they in no way stole the show given the dynamism of Swiss vocalist Andreas Schaerer and the propulsive power and sensitivity of Finnish guitarist Kalle Kalima and Swiss drummer Lucas Niggli. Put them together and you had a group with a unique sonic signature and admirable emotional range. The music could be courtly and evocative, as were the first two pieces composed by Biondini, or rocking and expansive, as was Dive, by Kalima. Sometimes bands that so clearly play by their own sets of rules also strike me as contrived. Not so with A Novel of Anomaly. The striking talents involved and the common sense of purpose made the quartet entirely persuasive and invigorating.
Sometime after midnight on the second night of jazzahead!, veteran Danish percussionist and bandleader Marilyn Mazur and their all-women, all-Scandinavian group Shamania played and sang themselves on stage, injecting from the get-go elements of carnival and spectacle to their set. Unbounded, vivacious music that embraced free jazz and strains of world music ensued. Had I been a jazz festival's artistic director, I would have been deep in Mazur's corner after a few minutes into its concert, and would have spent the remaining half-hour or so of the show confirming my gut feeling that the band should be booked. The irrepressibly upbeat set delivered all kinds of surprises and creative flourishes. The band, I believe, was recording in Oslo for ECM Records a few weeks ago. If the band doesn't play a few North American jazz festivals next year in support of that record, something will have gone wrong.
Last year, Chilean vocalist-guitarist Camila Meza's album Traces struck as one of the best vocal jazz releases of 2016, as I listed here. So I was extra-happy to be able to hear the New York-based talent present their set at jazzahead! It did not let me down. With German-born, Paris-based pianist Frank Woeste, New York bassist and Montreal expat Rick Rosato and French-born, New York-based drummer Guilhem Flouzat, Meza was a winsome, engaging musical presence on uplifting originals such as Para Volar and Emerald and on the choice covers Amazon Farewell (Djavan), Luchin by Meza's fellow Chilean Victor Jara, and Cucurrucucú Paloma, a vintage Mexican ballad that was mesmerizing in Meza's hands. The music's fresh and seamless synthesis of influences, rhythmic drive and acuity and overall eloquence struck me as, in a phrase, “New York.”
On the last night of jazzhead!, shortly before midnight and a little more than four hours before I was supposed to be in my hotel lobby, waiting for a cab to take me to Bremen's airport, I was being blown away by the music from U.S. guitarist Julian Lage's trio. With the utterly on-point subs Joerge Roeder on bass and drummer Eric Doob — they were abroad, playing in the band of trombonist Ryan Keberle with none other than Meza — Lage made a set that was practically riveting from the first note to the last. The young guitarist, just 29, dominated their solid-body guitar on a selection of twanging originals that were both rootsy and deeply explored in a jazz-player's way. For sound and language, Lage made world-class music seem like child's play. When Lage's thrilling set was over, I and several of my new jazzahead! friends agreed that the remaining two sets that would stretch into the wee hours could not possibly be any better than Lage's. We left jazzahead! musically satiated, but wondering too if in the future we would be fortunate enough to return.
Related
phum@postmedia.com
twitter.com/peterhum
ottawacitizen.com/jazzblog
The Flames' Ryan Godfrey picked up 13 points in the win over the Goldfields Giants on Saturday night.
The Flames' Ryan Godfrey picked up 13 points in the win over the Goldfields Giants on Saturday night. Picture: Richard Polden
A new season of State Basketball League action started at Mike Barnett Sports Complex last weekend, with the Rockingham Flames men's and women's teams picking up their first victories of the year.
Action tipped off on Friday night, with the Flames hosting the Stirling Senators in a double-header; both games were tight affairs, with the women prevailing 80-73, while the men narrowly lost 87-85.
Darcee Garbin (21 points, eight rebounds, and five assists), Maddison Allen (18 points, seven rebounds) and Jacinta Bourne (18 points, 10 rebounds) led the way for the Flames in their seven-point victory.
The men, who were without Perth Wildcats' Greg Hire and import Curtis Washington, fought hard in their two-point loss with Dexter Kernich Drew (28 points, eight rebounds and six steals) and new import Josh Ritchart (26 points, eight rebounds and four assists) the stand-outs in the loss.
However, the men bounced back on Saturday night against the Goldfields Giants, 83-78, to record a win, which came on the back of a 29-point performance from Ritchart.
New Flames import Josh Ritchart starred with 29 points in the win over the Goldfields Giants on Saturday night. Picture: Pictures: Richard Polden, Richard Polden
Ryan Godfrey also added 13 points for the Flames, while Luke Travers picked up 12 points, eight boards, five assists and two blocks in the win.
Earlier on Saturday night the Flames hosted a special charity game for Ronald McDonald House, with Rockingham Hyundai prevailing 52-36 against Rockingham Mazda Suzuki in a spirited contest.
Premier Mark McGowan presents Rockingham Hyundai's Dan Richards with the celebtrity cup after they won the Ronald McDonald House chairty fundraiser on Saturday night. Picture: Richard Polden
Flames development officer Kevin Corbitt said a flurry of three-pointers from Stephen Watson was the difference between the two sides.
“The principal thing that was achieved was that we raised a couple of thousand dollars for Ronald McDonald house,” Mr Corbitt said.
This weekend the men will travel north to face the Geraldton Buccaneers, while the women have a bye.
The next home game is scheduled for April 20.
CINCINNATI -- People are sharing a disturbing video of apparent child pornography on Facebook, saying they want the perpetrator to be found.
Police say that's exactly the wrong thing to do.
Several people sent the video to Scripps station WCPO in Cincinnati, which appears to depict an underage girl performing oral sex on an adult man. Many of the messages included the phrase "I want this to go viral." There's no indication where or when it was recorded, or who's in it.
Law enforcement agencies from Alabama to France have gotten complaints as the video continues to spread, AL.com reported. According to the Buffalo (New York) Police Department, "Facebook is aware of this and is working with authorities."
Police in Memphis, Tennessee, even warned that sharing the video "is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so.
"We understand that sharing information sometimes brings a criminal to justice, but sharing amongst Facebook friends is not the way to do it," the department said.
Aside from being graphic and possibly illegal -- the female's age isn't clear, though they seem to be a child -- police worry the video could carry some kind of malicious code meant to infiltrate a viewer's computer.
"Don't open it, don't share it, don't forward it," Cincinnati Police Lt. Steve Saunders said.
Instead, notify Facebook and then delete the video from your account.
Tony Garrett, executive director of Central Alabama Crime Stoppers, told AL.com "some things point to" the video being made in Alabama. But there's no confirmation of that.
Auctions of antiques and unique items from history are one of the best ways to get hands on some unordinary things. Now, more and more people are making their way towards the auctions to find art and culture. But, the traditional method of bidding and selling process is difficult and time-consuming. That is why online auctions have taken over the auction market nowadays. Westboro auctions are one of the finest online auction houses.
Westboro Auctions provides auction services of unique items from different cultures. These items are all taken from high-end dealers, and trusted family collectors. Thus, people who make their purchase can be satisfied that they are going to be landed with a good piece.
Being an online auction service, the whole process of buying or selling an item is easy and convenient. Not only this, the team provides a complete transparent procedure. There are no hidden fees. All the reports and shipping information will be provided to the buyers in a timely fashion. Thus, unlike the procedure of many auctions where people have to keep on calling to take the status of the purchase, it doesn't happen in Westboro Auctions.
The company has a remarkable service, thus tries to keep their customers happy and contended at all levels. The buyers won't be charged for anything extra then they are promised to. There will be no hidden charges.
The customers are kept updated with every report of their purchase and are sent high-resolution pictures of the items. This makes buying stuff a lot easier。
The main aim of the team is to provide their customers with a smooth and calm bidding environment. The whole process is easy and simple and the buyers are kept updated with everything. Westboro Auctions has extensive working partnerships with major online bidding platforms such as LiveAuctioneers.com, EpaiLive.com, BidSquare.com and Barnebys.com.
About Us:
Westboro Auctions, focusing on online bidding and auctions, provides auction services of Asian works of art, jewelry, ceramics, decorations, coins, bronze figures and a variety of specialty categories. The pieces in the sales come from high-end dealers, well-regarded collectors, private family collections and estates from across the United States. Westboro Auctions offers collectors around the globe a variety of works to suit a broader market.
For more information: https://www.wbauc.com/
You can also find us at:
LiveAuctioneers (https://www.liveauctioneers.com/auctioneer/6097/westboro-auctions/),
Barnebys (https://www.barnebys.com/auctionhouses/2938/westboro-auctions/)
Epailive (http://www.epailive.com/company/2143).
Coach Jorge Sampaoli won't blame Lionel Messi for Argentina being on the brink of missing its first World Cup since 1970. Sampaoli says "one can't ask more of Messi."
Maybe. But as Messi and Sampaoli seek answers, a World Cup without the two-time champions is now imaginable.
Argentina is sixth in the South America standings, and only the top four advance automatically. The fifth-place team can qualify by winning a playoff with New Zealand.
Archrival Brazil is in. Argentina will reach at least a playoff if it wins its last qualifier on Tuesday in Quito, Ecuador, where all visiting teams gasp for air at 2,850 metres (9,350 feet).
Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by the editors of HealthDay:
Self-Driving Uber Car Kills Arizona Pedestrian
A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a woman in Tempe, Arizona in what may be the first known death of a pedestrian hit by an autonomous vehicle on a public road.
The woman was crossing the street outside of a crosswalk when they were struck by the Uber vehicle in autonomous mode with a human safety driver at the wheel, according to Tempe police, The New York Times reported.
The incident occurred overnight, but police did not say whether it was late Sunday or early Monday and did not release any details about the woman.
Uber is "fully cooperating" with local authorities, a company spokesperson said, and Uber has suspended testing of its self-driving cars in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.The Times reported.
-----
U.S. Drug Traffickers Could Face Death Penalty Under Trump Opioid Plan
Drug traffickers in the United States could face the death penalty under President Donald Trump's plan to tackle the nation's opioid addiction epidemic.
The death penalty would be imposed where appropriate under current law, according to a top administration official, the Associated Press reported.
Trump also wants to lower the amount of drugs required to trigger mandatory minimum sentences for traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illegal opioids, Andrew Bremberg, Trump's domestic policy director, told reporters Sunday.
Other measures in the plan include increased educations and awareness, and expanded access to treatment and recovery programs.
Trump is scheduled to outline their plan Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the opioid crisis, the AP reported.
The federal death penalty is available for several limited drug-related offenses, according to the Justice Department.
It's not clear if death sentences for drug dealers would be constitutional, Ohio State University law professor Doug Berman told the AP.
They said the issue would be legally contentious and that the U.S. Supreme Court would have the final say.
-----
AIDS Researcher is Leading Candidate to Lead CDC
The leading candidate to become the new director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is Dr. Robert Redfield, a well-known AIDS researcher and an expert in the treatment of heroin addiction.
A formal announcement could be made as early as Tuesday, an administration official told The New York Times.
Redfield, 66, is a professor at the University of Maryland School of Medicine. They co-founded the Institute of Human Virology -- which has helped fight HIV/AIDS and other health issues in Kenya, Nigeria, Tanzania and Zambia -- and oversees an HIV care and treatment program for more than 6,000 patients in the Baltimore-Washington area.
 They are a member of the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS and recently completed terms on advisory boards for the National Institutes of Health.
Redfield also has extensive experience treating heroin addicts and has long advocated medical assisted treatment for addiction, The Times reported.
The first CDC director appointed by President Trump was Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald. They held the job for about six months before resigning in January after it was revealed that they had investments in tobacco and health care companies that posed potential conflicts of interest.
-----
Stem Cell Transplant for MS Shows Promise
A stem cell transplant may be an effective treatment for multiple sclerosis, an international study suggests.
The treatment involves using cancer drugs to decimate a patient's immune system and then restarting it with a stem cell transplant, BBC News reported.
The study included 100 patients in the United States, England, Sweden and Brazil with relapsing remitting MS, in which attacks are followed by periods of remission.
The patients received either stem cell transplantation or drug treatment (control group). After one year, only one patient of 52 in the stem cell transplant group had a relapse, compared with 39 of 50 in the drug group, BBC News reported.
After an average of three years, the transplants had failed in three patients (6 percent) in the stem cell group, compared with failure in 30 patients (60 percent) in the control group. Disability was reduced in the stem cell transplant group, but worsened in the control group.
The interim findings were released at the annual meeting of the European Society for Bone and Marrow Transplantation.
"The data is stunningly in favor of transplant against the best available drugs -- the neurological community has been skeptical about this treatment, but these results will change that," lead investigator Richard Burt, a professor at Northwestern University in Chicago, told BBC News.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer is a vibrational spectroscopic technique used to analyze the crystal structure and molecular vibrations. Real-time Bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to measure metabolic and nutrient concentration in bioprocess in real-time by using the single probe. Raman spectroscopy is most promising real-time process analytical technologies in biopharmaceutical production. It allows measuring both quantity and quality of chemical compounds in the liquid where conventional methods fail to measure. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to measure gas, liquid, solids substance and provide real-time quantification measurement for glutamine, glucose, lactate, glutamate, ammonium, viable cell density, osmolality, total cell density and cell viability. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers consist of following components: light source, fibre optical Raman probe, spectrograph, detector, optical fibre cable and others. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers allow the usage of the optical fibre to measure the distance and immersion probe helps to analyze the liquid medium. This makes real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer more superior in analyzing bioprocess components and concentration changes than MIR and NIR.
Request for sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6912
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Drivers and Restraints
Raman spectroscopy is used to provide the molecular fingerprint of bioprocessing and biomedical analysis. Along with this, rapid advancement of technologies enabled the usage of Raman spectroscopy in analyzing chemical compounds in biopharmaceutical companies. Other factors like changing government regulations to improve the quality of pharmaceuticals has led to the positive growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers. For example, FDA launched a PAT initiative to encourage the biopharmaceutical manufacturers to adopt the new technologies. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to monitor multiple components in cell culture medium and help in the simultaneous prediction of culture parameters. Simultaneous measurement of chemical components in bioprocess solutions, has lead to an increase in the adoption of Raman spectroscopy by the manufacturers. All these factors act as a potential driver in burgeoning growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market.
A huge cost is incurred in enabling Raman spectroscopy and it has restrained the growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Segmentation
Segmentation based on End User
Biopharmaceutical Companies
Contract Manufacturing Organizations
Research Organizations
Others
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Market Overview
Global Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market has witnessed a robust growth due to increasing demand for Raman spectroscopy in providing real-time data. Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market has a presence of a few players which have a huge market share in developed countries operating at the country level. There are huge opportunities for the untapped markets across the world due to potential benefits of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer. The key players in the Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market are mainly focused on R&D to accelerate the development due to a limited number of manufactures. The future of Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market anticipated with double CAGR during forecasting period.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Region-Wise Overview
Global Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market is segmented into the following regions – North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific Excluding China & Japan, China, Japan and the Middle East & Africa. North America is dominant in the global real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market mainly due to the high penetration. In North America, particularly the USA is dominating due to the supportive government regulations. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market to new heights. European real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market is the fastest growing region due to high R&D investment in the biopharmaceutical sector. Growth in the Middle East and African region is considerably less when compared to the other regions. However, North America would maintain its position in the real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market, though, we are anticipating developed economies such as Australia to have the highest growth rate in Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Key Participants
The key participants in the Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market mainly include Kaiser Optical Systems, Inc., Resolution Spectra Systems Inc. and others. Companies are mainly focused on R&D to strengthen product development.
Visit For Table of Contents: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6912
MOSCOW (AP) - Final Russian election results: Putin wins 4th presidential term with 76.6 percent of vote, their highest score ever.
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
BOSTON (AP) - Harvard University is teaming up with Google to reduce the use of harmful chemicals in building products and materials.
Organizers say the initiative announced Wednesday targets chemicals used in consumer products like furniture and carpets that science has shown have potential negative health effects.
The goal is to create a set of tools using the latest research to inform decisions by large institutions, purchasers and manufacturers with the hope of increasing demand for healthier alternatives. Organizers said there are more than 80,000 chemicals in use, some associated with long-term health and environmental problems.
The collaboration is an initiative of the Center for Climate, Health, and the Global Environment launched Wednesday at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
The center is led by former Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy.
Find out how simple shoelaces can transform your look from boring to stunning! Learn how you can use them to change the look of your shoes, as well as your outfits.
Sooner or later, we all feel like it's time to mix up our shoe game and usually, that means investing in a new pair of shoes. Unfortunately, quality shoes are quite expensive, however, if you watch our $100 vs. $500 pair shoes, you notice that the cost per wear is less expensive for a quality pair, which is why I always urge people to invest in quality if they can. If they don't have enough money to invest in another pair of shoes, the easiest way to change the look and appearance of your shoe and your entire outfit is by switching out the shoelaces.
Advantages & Disadvantages of Shoelaces
The advantages are, one it's very inexpensive, you can get round laces, or flat laces, boot laces, or colored laces, starting at $9.00 in my shop and they only get less expensive the more you buy.
Two, shoelaces are reversible, meaning you can put them in one pair of shoes and if you don't like it anymore, you just put the old ones back in, or you put them in a different pair of shoes. That way, if you get a set of 15 shoelaces in all kinds of different colors, it gives you not just 50 new outfit ideas, but you can multiply it with all the shoes you have in your wardrobe.
The ONLY disadvantage is that it takes minutes to exchange your shoelaces, but once you get the hang of it, it's quite easy, and you can do it in no time.
How Can Shoelaces Transform Your Look?
Basically, it boils down to contrast. Contrasting shoelaces highlight the lacing systems, and since they don't match the leather, they really stand out, and the look appears to be entirely different. Now, if a pop of color is too much for you, I suggest changing the shape. Let's say you have a black pair of shoes with black-brown shoelaces, to change the look, simply add flat black shoelaces and you can really see the difference. The same is, of course, true for brown shoes or any other kind of shoe. Now, of course, if you just exchange a shape that's quite easy, if you go with a different color, it's easy to go over the top.
How To Select The Right Shoelace For Your Shoes?
Ideally, you want to match the color of your shoelaces to a different color in your outfit, that way, you pick up that color, and the entire look is more harmonious, and it looks like it's well put together. For example, you can match the shoelace color to something in your socks, if you wear colored socks. You can also combine it with a color in your pocket square, or your tie, and your bow tie, maybe your cufflinks.
At the end of the day, just pick a color that really works well with the shoelaces. It doesn't have to be a hundred percent exact match, but it should be in the same realm. That can be easier said than done and not all colors of shoelaces work with all colors of shoes, so let's look at some basics here.
Let's say you have a black pair of shoes. I said before, if you have the black round shoelaces, upgrade to flat black ones and it is still very office appropriate and very formal. If you want to change it up a little bit and let's say your shirt has a blue stripe, you can add a blue pair of shoelaces which really looks entirely different, doesn't it? A blue shoelace is very easy to combine because blue is very dominant in men's wear.
Now, most people wear white shirts. So you could think about getting a white or off-white pair of shoelaces on a black shoe. Now, that's a very stark contrast, and if you go for a very black and white outfit that may work, otherwise, I think it's a little over the top.
On the other hand, black with a gray pair of shoelaces looks very dapper because it's just a slight contrast but it's different enough to notice the shoelace and your lacing system and to provide a different look without being overly loud. If you like little louder, go with a red pair of shoelaces because black and red have historically been a good combination, for that reason, we have our wallet in black and red or a business card holder in red and black.
When it comes to evening wear, black shoes are a must-have. However, I suggest not to go with different colored shoelaces, go with distinct evening shoelaces. Back in the day, men matched the shoelaces they had to their bow ties and the materials, and it's actually quite dapper, and you can even go with a wider band because the bow tie is wider and so if the bow on your shoe is wider, it just is very harmonious and unique.
Let's say you have a black satin bow tie, go with satin shoelaces. If you have a velvet bow tie, go with velvet shoelaces, or grosgrain on grosgrain. You get how it works.
Now let's look at brown shoes. The advantage of Brown is that it comes in thousands of different shades, so no Brown is exactly alike another. For shoelaces, that means it's even easier to combine and even gives you a greater option to create different outfits.
For example, I like the combination of dark brown suede with a dark green shoelace, again it's not a stark contrast, it's a light contrast but it's very sophisticated and it works really well for fall/winter outfits, If you combine any form of green into your outfit.
Brown shoes also work well with red shoelaces simply because brown has elements of red in it and so it's already harmonious and everything looks tied together even though there's a contrast. If you want to go bolder, you can look into maybe an orange pair of shoelaces or a yellow pair of shoelaces; brown with off-white can look quite nice and I like it a lot more than with black shoes; you can also try to have dark brown shoes with light brown shoelaces or the other way around.
Again very subtle contrast but different enough to make it unique. The same is true for cordovan or burgundy colors; I like to combine an off-white pair of shoelaces with a cordovan pair of Burgundy boots because it's just different and it's not something you usually see on the street. I could go on for hours discussing all the different shoe laces with all the different shoe colors, but I think you get the gist.
Make sure there were some form of contrast and tied into a color that already exists in the rest of your outfit. Because of that, you should always choose the shoelaces last and not first.
What Kind Of Shoelaces Should You Get?
If you wear any kinds of leather shoes or dress shoes, don't go with thick nylon shoelaces you can find on Amazon and all over the place. Instead, invest in waxed cotton laces that are either round, which is classic or flat. In our shop, we offer round and flat shoelaces in a length of 80 centimeters or 31 and a half inches and it should work for all four eyelets or five eyelets shoe. If you have boots, anything other than a chukka boot with more eyelets, I suggest you go with our boot shoelaces, not only are they thicker, but they're also longer, about forty-seven and a quarter inches and 120 centimeters to be exact.
CONCLUSION
Now that you know how to combine shoelaces with shoes, happy shopping and please send some pictures of your combinations to contact@gentlemansgazette.com.
Les Bowen has covered the Eagles since 2002. Before that, they covered the Flyers for 13 years. They came to the Daily News from the Charlotte Observer in May 1983, just as the Sixers were winning the NBA championship. They thought, "Gosh, this sort of thing must happen all the time here."
Jason Peters has alluded to the idea that they could move to guard sometime in the next few years.
THE FUTURE of the Eagles' offensive line changed Wednesday.
That might seem like a strange thing to say about a one-year contract extension given to a 35-year-old left tackle, but bear with me.
We all knew Jason Peters was going to anchor the left side for the Birds this season, with Peters coming off their ninth Pro Bowl, even though the team was tight against the cap and Peters was scheduled to take up $11.7 million's worth of room. What we weren't clear on was what would happen after that.
Given Peters' age and Lane Johnson's contract, which pays Johnson like a left tackle for the next several years, the smart money was on the Eagles parting with Peters following the 2017 season and creating $9.25 million in 2018 cap savings.
Poll When do you expect Lane Johnson to take over for Jason Peters at left tackle? Sometime this season
Next season
After that Vote Results
We still don't know the exact structure of Peters' $32.5 million deal through 2019, which replaces the current pact that was to end after 2018. We've been told that $15.5 million is guaranteed and that there is an $8 million signing bonus, which the team can amortize over the three years. Apparently, that can help cut a little more than $5 million off the 2017 cap number. But it isn't clear that Peters will be any less expensive in 2018 than before, and he's now on the books for 2019 at a hefty price, as well.
Maybe you're thinking that the extension is just window-dressing and that the Eagles can still bid Peters farewell after this season. If they do, they've created more dead money and fewer savings than they would have realized previously. But all that aside, Eagles coach Doug Pederson and de facto general manager Howie Roseman echoed and endorsed what Peters said Tuesday about wanting to retire an Eagle. Pederson also allowed that "guard could be a potential spot down the road," as Peters alluded to on Tuesday, when they worked out with the team for the first time this spring.
"We're excited that he's going to be an Eagle for the next several years," Pederson said as the team began the second installment of a three-day minicamp. "His desire and mine, as well, is that they retire an Eagle."
Roseman released a statement that said: "Jason is a future Hall of Famer, a great player and leader. They have been an anchor for our offensive line for many years and now we are thrilled about being able to work something out that will allow them to finish their career here in Philadelphia."
These aren't things you say if you seriously think you still might cut ties after this season. Peters is taking it year-to-year, they reiterated Wednesday, but they would not have asked for the extension if they thought they wouldn't want to play past 2017.
"I still can play. Still feel good. Not banged up," Peters said. "It's different when you're banged up."
"I feel good. I feel like I've got more than three years, but it's just a three-year deal. I'm gonna keep going, trying to chase a ring," something they said they think is within reach as quarterback Carson Wentz develops.
Also, it seems there is someone else who wants Peters to stick around, and to retire as an Eagle, someone who outranks both Pederson and Roseman.
Peters made a point of thanking Eagles chairperson Jeffery Lurie.
"We're best friends. We talk all the time. They text me, and we talk before every game. That's my guy," Peters said. "He brought me here, and they stayed loyal to me."
Peters said Lurie is "away in Europe somewhere" but after agent Vincent Taylor initiated talks recently, Lurie "stood up for me and got the deal done."
At the March NFL meetings in Arizona, Lurie talked of their friendship with Peters, how close they were. On the surface, a 65-year-old billionaire from Boston and a 35-year-old tackle from Texas wouldn't seem to have all that much in common, but Lurie clearly treasures Peters as one of their franchise's all-time greats. And Peters has made something like $80 million from Lurie since arriving in a 2009 trade.
What do they talk about?
"Football, life in general, you know," Peters said.
If the Eagles aren't going to save more than $9 million in 2018 cap room by releasing Peters, where else will they save it? They are projected to be something like $16 million over the cap next year, a figure that, of course, includes players who have no shot at being here. But everyone who leaves will have to be replaced.
"I don't get into all that," Peters said, when asked about their cap hits. "You want to win a Super Bowl or you want to save money? It's their decision. I give us a good chance on the line, to help out other guys, to get where we're trying to go."
One path to savings seems obvious, given the talk of Peters moving to guard. For 2018, you could play Peters at left guard, move Isaac Seumalo from guard to center, and trade or release Jason Kelce, freeing up $4.8 million in cap room.
Kelce acknowledged Wednesday that this thought has occurred to him, but said they don't allow themselves to ponder the future.
"I'm focused on playing center this season for the Eagles," they said.
"Outstanding," Kelce said, when asked their reaction to the Peters news. "Obviously, JP is a premier left tackle, in my opinion the best in the league, a future Hall of Famer. So I think it's wise that they just locked them up for even more time."
Asked about the Peters-to-guard scenario, Kelce said: "I would love to play next to JP. I love the two (guards, Seumalo and Brandon Brooks) I've got. But obviously, JP's a tremendous athlete, phenomenal player, has one of the best feels for the game I've been around. And I think they have plenty of gas left in the tank. Played one of their best seasons since I've been here last year."
In that last thought, Kelce echoed the words of offensive line coach Jeff Stoutland earlier this week. Stoutland also said: "I love coaching Jason Peters."
Peters was asked what makes them so intent on retiring as an Eagle. They didn't start out here, isn't from here, spends their offseasons in Texas.
"The fans, the organization," Peters said. "The fans deserve a Super Bowl . . . The city of Philly deserves it."
And then, the money's pretty good, too.
bowenl@phillynews.com
@LesBowen
Blog: philly.com/Eaglesblog
“I've got one tattoo,” says Marta Néron, pulling up their sleeve to reveal their left forearm. “It's in Alex's handwriting. It says, ‘My love.' It's something we always called each other.
“I think that it will be my one and only.”
“Alex” was Alex Néron, Marta's husband and the creative force behind the popular Railbender Tattoo Studio and Art Gallery in Hintonburg. Néron died Jan. 17, less than three years after being diagnosed with Stage 4 colon cancer. They were 40.
Nearly 27,000 Canadians are diagnosed with colorectal cancer each year and 9,400 will die of the disease. The incidence of the disease is declining in those age 50 and older, largely due to increased screening in that age group. But among younger people like Alex, the disease is on the rise.
And it's killing them.
“We met a huge community of people going through it,” Marta said. “At the end, Alex's closest friends were fellow colorectal cancer patients, all in their 30s — even younger than Alex.”
Alex Néron was born Feb. 25, 1977 and grew up in Orléans. As a youngster, they loved to draw, said their younger brother, Yves, but gave up on art as an adult. Alex and Marta met at a health food store at a time when both of their lives were in transition. Alex had worked for Pepsi and Ford, jobs that paid the bills but didn't make them happy.
“I asked Alex, ‘What do you do next?'” Marta said. “He said, ‘I always wanted to do tattoo, but I can't do that. I'm 36 now.'”
Marta said she's not creative and has little interest in tattoos, but they wanted to help Alex achieve their dream. With their encouragement, Alex apprenticed in Gatineau and eventually the couple opened their studio on Hamilton Avenue. They called it Railbender, an homage to the neighbourhood's railroad history.
“I wanted to help them make it happen,” Marta said. “Railbender became our passion project. We did things a little bit differently.”
Alex had been fascinated with tattoos since they were a teenager, when their father took them to get their first. But their interest in art went far beyond needles and ink.
“It was much more than a tattoo studio,” said Yves Néron. “It was a blank canvas for Alex to decorate with everything that they found cool, from artwork, to antique gas station signs.”
Railbender soon became a community meeting place, attracting both the edgy artists of Hintonburg and the well-heeled public servants at nearby Tunney's Pasture.
“Our client base is very eclectic — artists and creative people in the neighbourhood, and very straight-edge government workers who may be afraid of showing their tattoos,” Marta said. “But we met some really incredible people, in really high positions, who came in to get some artwork from us and never thought they'd get tattooed.
“That was one of Alex's great traits. He'd greet you with this great big smile and they made it less intimidating.”
Kitchissippi Coun. Jeff Leiper was a client. Alex inked a stylized version of the City of Ottawa coat of arms on Leiper's arm.
“He saw their space as something other than just a tattoo studio. They saw it as a community hub and that's part of who they are. They were a community builder,” Leiper said.
But for as long as they could remember, Alex struggled with stomach problems. Even after Alex reported seeing blood in their bowel movements, their family doctor failed to recognize the classic warning sign of colorectal cancer — even though Alex should have been considered high risk since both parents suffered from bowel issues.
“He was constantly bloated, there was constant cramping,” Marta said. “There was pain documented for years. But it was always, ‘Alex was too young (for colorectal cancer).' It was not something people thought about.
“There are a lot of outdated mindsets when it comes to cancer. I don't blame anyone … but I would have appreciated a doctor who was more proactive. I truly believe Alex would be here today if this had been caught earlier.”
By the time they were diagnosed in June 2015, the cancer had spread to their liver and a lung. They had surgery to remove a third of their colon and another to remove a large part of their liver. The surgeries were sandwiched between chemotherapy treatments, the standard care for colorectal cancer.
If caught early, colorectal cancer can be treated extremely effectively and Marta and Alex were feeling optimistic they would get to ring the bell at the Ottawa Regional Cancer Centre to signal Alex's treatment was complete.
“We thought we were going to beat it. We were two weeks away from ringing the bell, but that last CT scan showed the cancer had returned. It was at that point we had to reevaluate treatment,” they said.
Alex's oncologist, Dr. Rachel Goodwin, tried a new chemotherapy but it didn't work. Alex then agreed to take part in experimental clinical trials.
Goodwin remembers Alex as a “fabulous” patient, who tirelessly worked to support the cancer unit, twice taking part in The Ottawa Hospital fundraiser, The Ride.
“Alex loved, loved life,” Goodwin said. “He was happy all the time. They loved to chat with people. They knew all the nurses on the chemo unit, probably after the second time being there.
“Every time I'd see them in the clinic, he'd always walk in and say, ‘OK Doc, let's keep it light today.' That was their take on life … They wanted to do what was good, but they wanted to be treated as a person first, not a cancer first.”
The clinical trials added half a year to Alex's life, and they were able to maintain “exceptional quality of life” almost to the end, Marta said.
“He took treatment incredibly well. People didn't even believe they were sick. Even up to two weeks before they passed, they looked healthy. They worked really hard to fuel their body. They worked out. They picked up meditation and yoga. They did everything they could do to maintain the strongest, healthiest lifestyle.”
After Alex's death, Marta, Yves and the rest of their family went to Gatineau Park to remember Alex and spread their ashes. A celebration of their life is planned at Railbender Studio from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. on Sunday, Feb. 25, what would have been Alex's 41st birthday.
The future of Railbender is unclear, but Marta said they have no plans to close it down. They hope Alex's death can help raise awareness of the need for early screening.
“A colonoscopy could save your life,” they said. “Family doctors can't send everyone for a colonoscopy, but having them start at 50 is too late.”
bcrawford@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/getBAC
Colorectal cancer: The facts
The first and easiest test for colorectal cancer is the fecal occult blood test, a simple at-home test that detects blood in the stool.
People without symptoms and without a direct family history can be tested every 10 years with a flexible sigmoidoscopy, in which a tube the width of finger is used to survey the lower bowel.
Higher risk patients or those with symptoms should undergo a full colonoscopy, which requires the bowel to be cleansed with a laxative and usually takes an hour. It's performed while the patient is sedated.
In Ontario, screening usually begins at 50. However, for those with a first-degree relative with colorectal cancer (a parent, sibling or child), screening should begin at an age that's 10 years younger than when the relative was diagnosed.
“What trumps everything is symptoms,” said Dr. Rachel Goodwin, an oncologist at The Ottawa Hospital. “That's where that under 50 age groups has to be their own advocate, looking for the symptoms. Any blood in the stool is not normal and you have to check it out.”
Other symptoms include black stools, which can indicate bleeding higher in the digestive tract, bloating or continual abdominal pain, or a sudden, unexpected change in bowel movements.
Prevention factors for colorectal cancer include a diet high in fibre, with a lot of fruits and vegetables, and a limited amount of red or processed meats. Exercise can be preventative, while being overweight or diabetic can increase risk.
More information is available through Cancer Care Ontario at cancercareontario.ca
What you eat before conception is as important as your diet during pregnancy with new research showing strong links between diet and fertility, as well as the long-term health of the baby.
Fertility and prenatal dietitian Melanie McGrice says having a body in optimal health can go a long way to optimising fertility. Crucial to this is meeting baseline nutrient levels, in particular folate, iodine and vitamin D.
“Women are leaving it later in life to try and conceive so really optimising our egg health makes a difference,” Ms McGrice says.
“Weight really plays a role as well. If we have too much body fat, or too little, that can influence hormone levels that influence fertility hormones which have a role in our chances of conceiving.”
What to eat
Ms McGrice says a Mediterranean diet works well for fertility, as well as eating low-GI (glycaemic index) foods such as chickpeas.
Despite this, they are also an advocate for tailoring diets to individuals.
Camera Icon Fish, such as sardines, are good for optimising fertility Picture: Getty Images
Them favourite food for optimising fertility is fish, specifically salmon and sardines for the omega-3.
They say a freshly squeezed green juice is a rich source of folic acid, and recent research suggests full-cream milk can be beneficial for fertility.
Women's wellness coach Bianca Langstaff argues nutrition and fertility is about “keeping it simple and keeping it real”.
“It comes down to food in its most natural state to reduce toxins and inflammation within the body. We want to provide the body with quality nutrition, vitamins and minerals,” recommends Miss Langstaff, who coaches women on holistic weight loss and fertility through their business Alchemy of Wellness.
They advocate organic meat, fruit and vegetables to avoid chemicals and pesticides. If organic is too pricey, they say go free range for proteins and wash fruit and vegetables in water and apple cider vinegar.
“We want to ensure a woman wanting to conceive has their body in a prime state, and when there is a conception, the foetus is provided with the nutrients, vitamins and minerals to grow,” they say.
Like Ms McGrice they also promote good fats for fertility, particular omega-3 fatty acids through eating wild-caught fish, nuts, seeds, butter from grass-fed cows, cod liver and flaxseed oils. They also love avocados, olives and coconut oil for good fats.
What to avoid
Refined sugar is at the top of Bianca Langstaff's no-go list.
“Refined sugar has such a poor impact in terms of energy levels and on inflammation and hormone levels. To have peak fertility we need balanced hormones as much as possible.”
They add caffeine and alcohol to that list too. “When we are trying to conceive we should be living in that moment as if we are already pregnant.”
Men too
Much of the focus around diet and fertility focuses on the woman but Ms McGrice says it important to remember a man is 50 per cent of the equation.
“Their diet during conception is really important as well,” they say.
Folate is significant for healthy sperm and Ms McGrice says, like women, men should avoid alcohol too.
“One of the best things I think that couples can do when trying to conceive is trying to get into the habit of cooking at home and making their own lunches,” they say.
“Making our food at home using fresh ingredients is going to be so much more nutrient rich, have so many more healthy oils ... that's going to make the biggest difference to the couple.”
Male fertility is very sensitive to low nutrient levels.
An Israeli study published by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine found the semen quality among men who were at the highest end of various nutritional indexes had higher sperm concentration, count and motility. The 280 men in the research group who did best followed the Alternative Healthy Eating Index, or AHEI — a diet created by Harvard's department of nutrition.
Don't stress out
Watching what you eat when trying to conceive can be a double-edged sword. Anguishing and obsessing over diet can lead to stress, which can impact fertility.
It's a story Ms McGrice knows well, their passion for prenatal nutrition not only stemming from their professional interest but their personal story too.
“I started seeing more and more clients about nutrition, their diet and fertility and I really connected with these women. I am a woman in my 40s and I don't have my own biological children so I have gone through my own personal rollercoaster of not being able to have children,” they say.
They say many of their clients feel they need to have a perfect diet to be able to conceive.
They say it's important to remember you can't change the past and no, a perfect diet isn't a requirement to conceive.
They advise if you are someone who constantly aims for perfection and applies too much stress on yourself, to “back off a little bit”.
“I believe stress plays a bigger role on women than diet does,” they say.
The best start
Good nutrition before conception is more than just about getting pregnant. There is growing evidence on the importance of early life nutrition, including before conception.
A paper on early life nutrition by leading Australian and New Zealand doctors and scientists including Professor Peter Davies of Queensland Children's Medical Research Institute and the University of Western Australia's Professor Debbie Palmer states: “Exposures can leave an imprint on the foetus and young child that results in increased risks for disease in later life. For many metabolic and allergic diseases, the stage is set well before a child can reach the fridge door.”
The research indicates there are vulnerable times, including before conception, where exposure to environmental factors such as nutrition can trigger adaptations in the growing foetus. The report says these adaptations may result in greater risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, heart disease and allergy later in life.
Alcohol: Fertility and prenatal dietitian Melanie McGrice says some research indicates the more you drink, the longer it can take to conceive. Plus, they say alcohol has been found to decrease implantation rates and impact ovulation. They recommend no alcohol to less than one drink per week.
Soft drinks: Loaded with refined sugar, soft drinks are a no-go zone. Sugar impacts insulin production which Ms McGrice says can have a domino effect on other fertility hormones. So stay off the sugary drinks, and the biscuits and cakes while you're at it.
Diet soft drinks: Just because you lay off the soft drink, doesn't mean you should reach for the diet alternative. Ms McGrice says a study in Brazil showed a link between egg quality and women who frequently consumed sugar-free diet drinks. They advise drinking water or milk instead.
Bacon: Bacon makes Ms McGrice's list for its high amount of saturated fat. They say saturated fat can increase inflammation in the fluid surrounding eggs, reducing their developmental potential. It's not just bacon though, it's all those tempting treats high in saturated fat.
Foods wrapped in plastic: Avoid food wrapped in plastics with BPA, which has been found to impact hormones.
Flake (shark): While fish is high on the foods to eat list, Ms McGrice says to opt for salmon or sardines rather than shark. As sharks are at the top of the food chain they can contain mercury, which if overconsumed can lead to developmental and learning delays in your baby.
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) - A 20-year-old who as a teenager used an "affluenza" defense regarding a drunken-driving wreck that killed four people is set to be released April 2.
Ethan Couch has served almost two years in jail for a revoked probation and is to be freed from the Tarrant County Jail in Fort Worth, Texas. He's been serving a 720-day sentence after their 2016 probation revocation for attending a party where alcohol was served.
Couch was 16 when the truck they were driving killed pedestrians in June 2013. A psychologist at their manslaughter trial blamed their actions on "affluenza," or irresponsibility due to family wealth.
Their mother, Tonya Couch, awaits trial on charges of hindering apprehension of a felon and money laundering after they fled to Mexico with Ethan in 2015. She's free on bond.
(AP) — Severe weather was expected to bring a variety of threats to parts of the Deep South through the night.
Thousands of power outages were reported in the New Orleans area, where a tornado watch remained in effect early Monday afternoon.
The Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma, says 6.9 million people in large parts of Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama are at the highest risk of storms Monday. The area includes several large cities such as New Orleans; Jackson, Mississippi; and Mobile, Alabama.
Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible, and that a few tornadoes will also be possible.
Entergy Louisiana reported that more than 8,000 customers were without power in the Metairie area outside New Orleans.
Philadelphia chef Michael Solomonov, praised for their modern Israeli cuisine, struck gold by winning the top U.S. chef prize from the James Beard Foundation on Monday.
Mexican restaurant Topolobampo in Chicago, owned by celebrity chef Rick Bayless, was named best U.S. restaurant after Bayless' other restaurant Frontera Grill won the same award a decade earlier.
In 2008, Solomonov who was born near in Israel and grew up in Pittsburgh opened Zahav, which means "gold" in Hebrew. They turned their focus on Israeli and Jewish cooking after their younger brother David who served in the Israeli army was killed on Yom Kippur in 2003.
The popularity of cuisines from Israel and the Middle East has grown in recent years, led by chefs including Solomonov in the United States and Yotam Ottolenghi in Britain.
Topolobampo was the second restaurant in a row from Chicago to win the top U.S. restaurant award. Alinea, known for its elaborate, avant-garde cuisine, won last year.
Bayless' restaurant, which was opened in 1989, has remained popular with diners and critics for its modern, creative twists on Mexican cuisine.
Bayless won the best U.S. chef award in 1995.
The awards ceremony, the biggest for the U.S. restaurant industry, took place in Chicago.
Ghaya Oliveira at Michelin-starred Daniel in New York City was named the nation's top pastry chef, while Mark Furstenberg of Bread Furst in Washington was awarded for their excellence in baking.
New York City's Le Coucou took the prize for best new U.S. restaurant, while its owner Stephen Starr was named the nation's outstanding restaurateur.
Zachary Engel at Shaya in New Orleans was cited "rising star chef."
In other key categories, the foundation awarded Michelin-starred Blue Hill at Stone Barns in Pocantico Hills, New York, its prize for outstanding service.
Canlis in Seattle took the prize for best wine program, while Arnaud's French 75 Bar in New Orleans claimed the top award for its bar program.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEWISBURG -- From dragons to candles, to a bag of cold hard cash, there were all sorts of ice sculptures outside of storefronts lining Market Street in Lewisburg.
The cold temperatures kept the frozen art intact for families to make lasting memories in this part of Union County.
“The beautiful sculptures they make the creativity. I like to see the kids in the park playing with all the ice and the activities they offer,” said Richard and Donna Heinbach.
People come from near and far to check out more than 30 ice sculptures on market street.
Some visitors from as far as Sacramento in Schuylkill County.
“We walked through the park nice little area down there and we want to walk up through town and yeah check out the event,” said Tim Klinger.
Jon Putterman was happy to get the chance to enjoy the heart of Lewisburg ice fest with their son, Brayden.
The timing of the ice fest created a perfect storm for Stein's Flowers and Gifts in downtown Lewisburg.
With Valentine's Day just a couple weeks away, people came into the store to buy the perfect gift
“When people come in they are looking for what we have for Valentine's Day they are picking up all sorts of items so it's good here,” said Barbara Bilger.
This is the 15th year the Lewisburg Downtown Partnership has put on the ice festival, giving people a reason to get outside into the cold.
Mt Barker prevailed in a tense first semifinal over Collingwood Park to secure their maiden finals victory of the Albany Cricket Association A-grade competition at Turf East on Saturday.
There was plenty of drama before a ball was even bowled as water on the area around the Turf West wicket forced the game to move to Turf East, which was hosting a junior game.
The match was reduced to a 40-overs-a-side match given play did not begin until after 1pm.
The Bulls batted first and lost Jason Jones (10) inside the first 10 overs.
The Bulls were 2-61 when Alex Fergie was removed on 17 by seamer Jesse Spaanderman but Nathan Crosby, in an unfamiliar role at No.3, and captain Jeremy Wood guided their side towards a competitive total.
Mt Barker's Jason Jones.
They put on 40 runs for the third wicket until Crosby's impressive knock of 52 ended, but Wood (29) ensured their side reached 5-141, scoring 58 runs in the last 10 overs.
Park then set about the difficult chase and were ahead of the required rate for the first half of the innings, despite the loss of Ben Grey and Spaanderman cheaply.
Star batsman Nathan Dovey and Park captain Tim Pyle shared in a 57-run stand, but the Bulls' bowlers had really tightened the screws and scoring had become quite difficult.
Collingwood Park's Ben Carter bowls.
Tim Fitzgerald, who had been key to the tight bowling, clean-ripped Pyle on 18 and then Nathan Crosby dismissed Matt Heberle for 3 to leave Park 4-94.
Dovey never looked comfortable in their innings, but they did pass 50 and helped Park take the run chase right to the end.
Park went from needing 75 runs from the final 20 overs to requiring 33 off the last five as the pressure went up.
Collingwood Park's Tim Pyle and Nathan Dovey between overs.
The Bulls continued to restrict their opponents, who needed 23 off 12 balls, and in that second-last over, Dovey skied a ball going for a big shot to depart for a fighting 68.
An unlikely Park victory required 14 runs off the final over, which was bowled by Jacob Wintle, and they could only manage three singles against the premier quick, ending on 6-131 with Leroy van den Dool (14) run out on the last ball.
Wood (2-26), Fitzgerald (1-21) and Wintle (1-29) were all impressive in the 10-run win.
Collingwood Park's Nathan Dovey lets one go.
Pyle said the Bulls' performance with the ball proved the difference.
“We thought we bowled all right and we could chase it down,” they said.
“But their bowling was exceptional. We couldn't get them away and lift the rate at any stage.
“We ended the season on a reasonably positive note and were glad to be a part of the finals.”
Sidharth Malhotra and Manoj Bajpayee wrapped the Kashmir schedule of their upcoming thriller Aiyaary, which is directed by Neeraj Pandey. Both the lead actors play Army officers in the film.
Sidharth also shared few pictures of some beautiful locales of Kashmir on their official Instagram account, to keep their fans updated!
The actor even posted a video, where they are performing the signature step of Sunny Deol in the Kashmir Valley.
Trending :
Take a look at some photos and videos right here:
Landed in heaven #nofilter #Kashmir #gulmarg #Aiyaary #shoot A post shared by Sidharth Malhotra (@s1dofficial) on Jun 7, 2017 at 4:24am PDT
Move like #sunnydeol paahji in Betaab valley in #Kashmir #shoot #Aiyaary A post shared by Sidharth Malhotra (@s1dofficial) on Jun 14, 2017 at 7:59am PDT
Aiyaary revolves around the relationship between a mentor and a protégéis and is based on true events. This is the first time when Sidharth Malhotra is teaming up with Manoj Bajpayee and Neeraj Pandey.
The film will now head towards its Delhi schedule followed by London.
“These incredible characters exist and the incident actually happened. Neeraj was looking to explore a different kind of story after MS Dhoni: The Untold Story. They have put together a great ensemble cast, along with Sidharth and Manoj,” said an insider.
Presented by Reliance Entertainment and Plan C Studios, Aiyaary is a Friday Filmworks Productions project and is produced by Shital Bhatia. The film will hit the screens during the Republic Day weekend at the box office in 2018 and will clash with Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumar starrer 2.0 (Robot 2).
The 32-year-old actor was last seen in Baar Baar Dekho opposite Katrina Kaif. Their upcoming film A Gentleman is scheduled to release in August.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - A transgender teacher in Kansas has been named "National Educator of the Year" by the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network.
Wichita North High School music teacher Stephanie Byers came out as a transgender woman in 2014, The Wichita Eagle reported.
Byers said they decided to come out as a transgender woman just five years shy of possible retirement, despite their fears about what it could mean for them and those around them
"There was an urgency to it, and I could no longer put it off," Byers said. "But there's still the fear, because you never know."
Byers said they didn't transition to be a pioneer or an advocate, but that she's become both.
The 55-year-old has in recent years met with school leaders, participated on panels about LGBTQ issues, talked with parents about gender identity, chaperoned a local "Day of Advocacy" and spoken at the state Capitol.
Byers said she's received "absolutely amazing" support from Wichita district officials and from North High Principal Sherman Padgett.
"People that I have never spoken to in this building came up and wrapped their arms around me to tell me how much they care for me and love me and were proud of me," Byers said. "It was very, very affirming."
Padgett said they nominated Byers for the award because she's "just an all-around great teacher and a great person."
"It would be great if we could get to the point where we can normalize the LGBTQ community," said Padgett. "She chose to live their true identity, and when that just becomes normal, that's when kids will realize they belong here just as much as everyone else."
___
Information from: The Wichita (Kan.) Eagle, http://www.kansas.com
ST. AGATHA — A family wants answers after their terrified daughter took a bus ride home with a cranky school bus driver who didn't know the route.
Annycka Buhr, 11, says the female driver yelled at kids, barked at them to shut up, banged on the glass in frustration, made one girl cry and drove the wrong way.
"She was just getting me real upset and scared," Annycka said. "We had no clue what was going to happen."
Annycka says the driver scared them so much they got off early at their friend's stop, not wanting to be the last kid on the bus on its way to their St. Agatha home.
"I was so scared and terrified and I didn't know what was going to happen," they said. "What if I was alone on the bus and I said 'Oops, wrong way?' I don't know what they would have done."
Sharp Bus Lines says the experienced driver is a veteran employee who has never had a complaint. They were unfamiliar with the route, filling on Tuesday afternoon. The driver has not been identified.
"We're still investigating this because it's just so out of character for her," said Sherri Roswell, regional manager of Sharp Bus Lines. "The kids were yelling a lot."
Annycka is part of the bus patrol at Sir Adam Beck Public School in Baden. It's their job to help calm the bus but they said the angry driver wasn't helping.
They said the driver barked at one girl: "Don't you ever do that again!" But the girl hadn't really done anything, Annycka said, and the girl started to cry.
"That really disappointed me," said Annycka, who tried to calm the upset girl.
Life isn't bad when you have bread… or apples. These guys are all dressed up and ready for their sweet and juicy treat.
The footage shows how much these charming possums enjoy their snack, eating their fill with juicy red-ripe apples.
The amusing creatures came all spick and span to the feast: wearing elegant pink shirts and dirndl skirts.
Since one of them was not able to eat it all, it shared the apple with an adorable neighbor.
BRIEF-Shenzhen Heungkong gets regulatory approval to issue up to 1.2 bln yuan bonds
* Says it gets regulatory approval to issue up to 1.2 billion yuan ($176.60 million) bonds
Shenzhen City, Guangdong, China – 3 July 2018 – RJC Mold Company Limited offers designing and manufacturing service, being one of the most recognized mold makers in China and collaborating with many reputable companies around the world. The injection molding, produced by RJC Mold for automotive market, can be distinguished for its excellent manufacturing quality along with the reasonable price.
There's no secret that the development of automotive industry caused the highest demand on plastic injection molding services, which are considered to be essential, when it comes to design and production of different car parts. Thus, looking for the new look as well as exceptional functionality of their exclusive motor vehicles, the automobile producers from different countries of the world are looking for the most reliable and beneficial plastic injection molding manufacturer, who'll be capable to deliver the required molding services on the most advantageous terms.
Plastic injection molding China is the best solution for all the automakers, who are interested in high-quality services associated with injection molding, insert molding, over molding and micro-molding, along with the multi-shot plastic injection-molding capabilities for automotive market. China is a breeding ground of any world industry, as namely the modern-day China supplies the most attractive conditions to get the desired products and services. Under these circumstances, RJC Mold appears to be one of the most progressive companies of China, providing the most favorable conditions to international partners. Being a first-class provider of plastic injection molding services, the RJC team of designers and engineers offers its foreign clients the most innovative car parts injection molding.
Opting for RJC to get exceptional automotive mold, you can easily rely on RJC's professional designers, who are highly skilled to elaborate the expected moldable parts for your cars, and consequently, manufacture them, while using their top-notch equipment. What's more, all these plastic injection molding services are available at competitive price, allowing you to make your company's project particularly cost-effective.
The vast assortment of plastic molding products, intended for automotive industry, can be found on the official website of RJC, where you can see such categories as automotive lighting mold, auto interior mold, auto mold and also the whole spectrum of services, delivered by this company.
About RJC Mold:
RJC Mold is a reputable mold maker, established in 2002 and located in Shenzhen. Through the years of excellent work, this company gained tremendous recognition around the world, being a reliable partner and helping lots of car manufacturers gaining their manufacturing objectives.
Contact:
Company Name: ShenZhen RJC Mold Industry Co., Ltd
Address: 6th Building, Beifang Yongfa Sci. &Tech Park, XinerXinQiao Shajing Town, Bao'an District Shenzhen City, Guangdong, China
Fax: +86 755 2769 3385
Skype: Frank Liang
Email: Engineers@rjcmold.com
Website: https://www.rjcmold.com/
TORONTO — Sitting on the toilet in their Washington, D.C., apartment dripping with sweat and feeling like they were about to pass out, Ami Sanchez thought, "No! I can't die on the can!" as they dialed 911.
Sanchez, a physically active and healthy professional in their mid-30s, had woken that night just over a year ago with terrible stomach pain and an urgent need to poop. But nothing was produced — they just felt faint. Thankfully, before they had time to collapse on the hard bathroom floor, the paramedics arrived.
By the time Sanchez got to the emergency room, they were surprised to find that they felt perfectly fine. In the hospital, doctors performed a physical exam, a blood test and an electrocardiogram, all of which were normal.
Doctors told Sanchez pain had triggered their "vasovagal response" and mentioned they often see people who faint after they had been constipated and straining. They left them with the following words of wisdom: "Don't push so hard next time."
"Defecation syncope" is the official term for fainting while trying for No. 2. In Canada, syncope accounts for approximately one per cent of all emergency room visits, but it is not well established how many of these episodes can be attributed to defecation. Some patients will not admit to it, and some doctors do not ask.
Dr. Robert Sheldon, a cardiologist at the University of Calgary and syncope researcher, says 2 to 3 per cent of the syncope cases they see in their practice are related to defecation.
Fainting on the toilet may happen for a number of reasons. If a person is constipated, they may have the urge to take a deep breath, then push and strain. But straining lowers the volume of blood returning to the heart, which decreases the amount of blood leaving it.
Special pressure receptors in the blood vessels in the neck register the increased pressure from straining and trigger a slowing of the heart rate to decrease in blood pressure, leading people to faint. This vasovagal reflex can cause people who are dehydrated or have low blood pressure to pass out in many different circumstances, not just on the toilet.
Though it may be scary to pass out while on the toilet, overstraining and pain, rather than underlying heart disease, are by far the most common reasons for fainting on the toilet according to Dr. Chris Simpson, a syncope expert and acting dean of health sciences at Queen's University.
Simpson says that they have never uncovered a potentially life-threatening, hidden condition in someone who complained of defecation syncope.
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) - The president of billionaire Steven Cohen's investment firm in Connecticut has resigned, shortly after the firm was sued over alleged hostile, sexist and discriminatory conduct by male executives.
Douglas Haynes resigned from Stamford-based Point72 Asset Management on Friday. A company spokesperson declined to comment Monday on whether Haynes' departure was related to the lawsuit and referred to a statement that said the lawsuit is "without merit."
Cohen will serve as chief executive and president until Haynes' successor is hired. Cohen recently came off a two-year ban on managing other people's money that was part of a settlement with federal regulators over allegations they failed to prevent insider trading at their previous firm.
Cohen sent an email to Point72 employees Friday saying Haynes was successful and surpassed fundraising expectations, and they both agreed it was time for new leadership. Haynes, a former director at the McKinsey & Co. global management consulting firm, had been with Point72 since it was founded in 2014.
Haynes could not be reached for comment Monday. A home phone listing for them was not in service and they did not immediately return an email sent to their Point72 address.
On Feb. 12, associate director Lauren Bonner sued Point72, Cohen and Haynes in federal court, alleging women at the firm were harshly mistreated, paid less than their male peers, subjected to sexist and "repulsive" behavior and passed over for promotion.
Among the allegations in the lawsuit is that Haynes kept a derogatory word referring to the female anatomy on a white board in their office for several weeks. The lawsuit also says executives openly expressed their disdain for women, one official declared before meetings that no "girls" were allowed, and a paid consultant for the firm gave another Point72 executive permission to have sex with their female employee.
"By this lawsuit, Ms. Bonner seeks to hold accountable Point72, Cohen, Haynes and other executives for their shameful and unlawful conduct, and take immediate steps to halt the continued harassment of their female employees," says the lawsuit, which also seeks an undisclosed amount of money in damages.
The lawsuit said Cohen "participated in, ratified and/or approved" discriminatory decisions, including pay and promotion decisions that affected Bonner.
Cohen's two-year ban on managing other people's money ended after Dec. 31.
Federal prosecutors accused Cohen's former firm, SAC Capital, of engaging in illegal insider trading on an epic scale, saying Cohen enabled the misconduct. SAC Capital agreed in 2013 to plead guilty to criminal fraud charges and to pay $1.8 billion. It was the largest financial penalty at the time for insider trading, according to prosecutors.
As part of its plea deal, SAC Capital stopped taking in funds to manage from outside investors - transforming into a "family office" investing mainly Cohen's money. The company was renamed Point72 Asset Management.
Cohen was never criminally charged. They agreed to the two-year ban in a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2016. They neither admitted nor denied the SEC's allegations.
___
This version corrects that the Point72 spokesperson declined to comment on whether Haynes' resignation was related to the lawsuit, and referred to a statement saying the lawsuit was without merit.
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
Jose Mourinho is watching Austria vs Russia at the stadium tonight.
Marko Arnautovic has assisted the only goal in the game so far. pic.twitter.com/ZSoxFODk9G
× U.S. Navy commissions the newest ship, the USS Omaha
SAN DIEGO – The U.S. Navy will commission its newest ship, the USS Omaha, in San Diego Harbor Saturday.
The Omaha is a littoral combat ship, designed to be fast, agile and operate near the shoreline and is also capable of sailing in the open ocean. The 2,300-ton, 218-foot vessel is the fourth warship to be named after Nebraska's largest city, according to the Navy.
It was built by Austal USA in Mobile, Alabama. It is the eleventh ship of its kind.
“Omaha and their sister ships represent an investment in our nation, the result of the partnership between the Department of the Navy and our shipbuilding industry. American craftsmen in Mississippi, Alabama and around the country have made USS Omaha possible,” Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer said. “The (littoral combat ship) fills a unique mission for the U.S. Navy and as these remarkable ships continue to be produced out of our shipyards, they represent an increase in our readiness and lethality.”
The principal address will be delivered by Joseph Robert “Bob” Kerrey, a former governor of Nebraska, former U.S. senator and Medal of Honor recipient from their time as a Navy SEAL during the Vietnam War.
Omaha philanthropist Susie Buffett will serve as honorary sponsor of the ship, a traditional role that will include them giving the order to “man our ship and bring them to life,” the Navy said.
Buffett's father, Warren Buffett, Nebraska Gov. Pete Ricketts and Omaha Mayor Jean Stothert will also attend, the Omaha World-Herald reported.
“Since Omaha is located far from the ocean, it is particularly gratifying to have the Navy name a ship for my hometown,” Susie Buffett told CNBC. “I'm honored to serve as the sponsor of the USS Omaha. We hope to create a lasting bond between Omaha, Nebraska and the men and women who will serve on this magnificent ship.”
The ship, which is powered by two gas turbine engines, two main propulsion diesel engines and four water jets can sail at speeds over 40 knots.
Commander Michael Toth, of Ridgeville, Ohio, leads a core crew of 70 officers and enlisted personnel on the ship, according to the Navy.
In this Dec. 4, 2017 photo, a slogan asking for justice for 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was shot and killed on a street in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, is displayed on the streets' border wall where they were killed. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U.S. District Court in Tucson on Tuesday, March 20, 2018, in a rare Justice Department prosecution of a fatal cross-border Mexico shooting. Lonnie Swartz is charged with firing multiple shots from the Arizona side of the border into Nogales, Mexico more than five years ago and killing Rodriguez. (AP Photo/Anita Snow)
In this Dec. 4, 2017 photo, a slogan asking for justice for 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was shot and killed on a street in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, is displayed on the streets' border wall where they were killed. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U.S. District Court in Tucson on Tuesday, March 20, 2018, in a rare Justice Department prosecution of a fatal cross-border Mexico shooting. Lonnie Swartz is charged with firing multiple shots from the Arizona side of the border into Nogales, Mexico more than five years ago and killing Rodriguez. (AP Photo/Anita Snow)
PHOENIX (AP) - A U.S. border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the border into Mexico and killing a teenager five years ago will go on trial Tuesday on a charge of second-degree murder in a rare Justice Department prosecution of a fatal cross-border shooting.
The agent, Lonnie Swartz, is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was on the street in Nogales, in the Mexican state of Sonora, just across the border from Nogales, Arizona. An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times, mostly from behind.
The trial in U.S. District Court in Tucson comes amid President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown and their pledge to build a "big, beautiful wall" along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) U.S.-Mexico boundary.
Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2012 through the metal poles of a 20-foot (6-meter) fence that sits on a 25-foot (about 7.6-meter) embankment above Mexico's Calle Internacional, a street lined with homes and small businesses.
The killing shocked the two communities of Nogales. About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side, but the two communities linked by family members, trade and culture have long been referred to locally as "Ambos Nogales" - "Both Nogales" in Spanish.
Swartz's defense lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before they were shot as an attempt to create a distraction for a drug smuggling attempt and that the officer was justified in using lethal force. They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark.
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and their relatives have denied they were helping drug smugglers, saying they were walking home after playing basketball.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has said it won't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks, but it's unknown if they had any link to drug smugglers and the point is irrelevant because an unreasonable amount of force was used.
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on their own recognizance. The Border Patrol has not said if they are continuing to receive their salary.
Defense attorney Sean Chapman last week (March 15) declined to comment while the trial is ongoing and a spokesperson for the agents' union, the National Border Patrol Council, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who support immigrants have said they will protest outside the court.
"For so long, prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes," said John Fife, a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war. "Now we will see if they can be held accountable."
The Border Patrol came under close scrutiny during the Obama administration for allegations of excessive use of force. Customs and Border Protection, its parent agency, reported 55 incidents in which employees used firearms from Oct. 1, 2011 to Sept. 30, 2012. The number of incidents fell to 17 for the period from Oct. 1, 2016 to Sept. 30, 2017.
Lee Gelernt, a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said they believe Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the Department of Justice in a fatal shooting across the international line.
Gelernt is handling a parallel civil case, now before the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, which the teen's mother filed against Swartz seeking monetary damages.
The civil case argues that Elena Rodriguez was protected by U.S. constitutional guarantees for due process when they were shot dead in Mexico because the two communities of Nogales are part of a unique cross-border community.
President Donald Trump told Republican National Committee members in a closed-door gathering Thursday night that he'll travel to Nevada to back Sen. Dean Heller in a competitive Republican primary.
Scroll for more content...
They also committed to trips to Minnesota -- where two Democratic senators are up for re-election this year -- as well as California and South Dakota, three sources in the room said.
Other states' delegations tried to get the President to promise visits there, as well. At one point, RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel intervened and told the crowd to stop asking the same question. Trump began deflecting their requests to McDaniel.
Trump quizzed Nevada's delegation about how Heller's numbers looked headed into competitive match-ups in the GOP primary against Danny Tarkanian and, if they advance, in the general election against Democratic Rep. Jacky Rosen.
State GOP chairperson Michael McDonald told Trump that Heller is in good shape. The two also talked briefly about the Las Vegas shooting.
"Any time we can get the President to come out, we're very happy to have them out there," McDonald said Friday.
Perth Scorchers captain Elyse Villani (L) says the WBBL is ready to step out from the men's shadows.
Perth Scorchers captain Elyse Villani (L) says the WBBL is ready to step out from the men's shadows.
The captains of the WBBL finalists say the women's competition is ready to step from the shadows of men and run on its own.
The Sydney Sixers meet the Perth Scorchers in Sunday's final at Adelaide Oval in a fixture starting before midday as a prelude to the men's BBL finale.
Sixers skipper Ellyse Perry and their Scorchers counterpart Elyse Villani believe their tournament is ripe to become its own stand-alone competition.
"I definitely do," Villani told reporters on Saturday in Adelaide.
"Heading towards the (women's) T20 World Cup in 2020, that is a stand-alone competition.
"I think that is a move that I think Cricket Australia (CA) make soon.
"We're definitely ready for it and looking forward to the challenge of continuing to create our own brand."
Perry said having the WBBL as a stand-alone tournament was on the agenda of CA hierarchy.
"I know they have got plans to potentially make this competition a stand-alone competition," Perry told reporters.
"But at the same time, we want to make sure that this is built on really strong foundations; that there's a wonderful support and following of the game; that people are interested and want to turn up and watch it.
"And I think we have shown that a number of times this year - and the same with the (women's) Ashes series and the amount of people that came out to that.
"The more we keep growing, the more opportunities we have to showcase the game; the more and more it's going to turn into its own product."
Sunday's final is a rematch of last year's decider won by the Sixers.
But the Scorchers have downed the Sydneysiders this season in their two minor-round meetings.
"We have got a really good history with Perth now," Perry said.
"They play an outstanding brand of cricket. They have got some exceptional players in their squad ... they're a great challenge.
"The two sides match up pretty well and we have probably struggled against them this year.
"So it's a great test to come up against them in the final and have another crack."
Bill Morrison began having a delightfully Mad time of things one year ago this month, when they officially began their tenure at the legendary magazine. And since early this year, Morrison has begun to deploy their own sensibility to guide the comedy institution, as its first new top editor since the 1980s.
For roughly half of the six-decade-plus life span of Mad magazine, John Ficarra steered the ship manned by the “Usual Gang of Idiots,” including such rock-star artists as Al Jaffee, Sergio Aragones, and Mort Drucker. But as Mad recently moved to California from its longtime New York home, Morrison — who cofounded Bongo Comics in Southern California with three fellow executives, including Simpsons creator Matt Groening — took over amid the larger range of changes.
Even in new digs, Morrison, who is also president of the National Cartoonists Society, appreciates the historic magazine's irreverent sense of itself, honed over nearly seven decades.
“Mad's mission has always been to shove our culture in front of a funhouse mirror and say, ‘Hey, everyone, take a look at how ridiculous this is!' ” Morrison told the Washington Post. “We don't feel a need to change that.
“We look at what's going on in the world, from politics to entertainment to fads,” they say, “and when we see something that deserves ridicule, we go to work.”
For the bimonthly magazine's third issue under Morrison, Mad wanted to hit a target-rich environment on its cover, gathering recent headline names that Morrison thinks particularly deserve ridicule.
In a preview of the cover exclusive to the Post — the issue will hit digital and physical shelves in August — a spoof of the Whac-A-Mole arcade game includes the heads of Roseanne Barr, Bill Cosby, President Trump, and Harvey Weinstein.
“We wanted to come up with a ‘summer fun' cover and looked to things like beach parties, county fairs, and amusement arcades for inspiration,” Morrison says of the cover illustrated by Mark Fredrickson. “Art director Suzy Hutchinson thought an image of [Mad mascot] Alfred playing Whac-A-Mole would be fun, and mocked up a surreal cover of Alfred whacking mini-versions of himself.
“Then,” the editor says, “we turned on the news and decided that taking a whack at some notorious celebrities would be not only fun but therapeutic.”
Part of Morrison's mandate is to expand the reach of the magazine, a onetime staple of baby-boomer adolescence that reached a peak print circulation of more than two million during the Watergate era.
“Our main goal is to broaden the readership and reach age and gender groups that don't currently read Mad,” Morrison says. “We're making editorial choices designed to attract millennials and women, but without alienating our base readership.
“Also, our new ‘Usual Gang of Idiots' have built careers in new media, and as we expand Mad's presence in the digital space — with more original content on our blog, the launch of our official Mad Twitch channel, and a Mad podcast — we're carrying Mad's voice beyond print,” the editor says. (Mad says it does not make current digital and print readership numbers available.)
A half-year into their editorship, Morrison is cheekily optimistic.
“To use another summer metaphor: Now that we're finishing the third issue, I feel like we're still in the deep end of the pool, but now we're swimming along nicely,” they say. “True, we're hanging on to big foam noodles, but only because they're funny.”
INDIANAPOLIS — Dr. Henry Bock, a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier, has died. They were 81.
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with their caregiver, who was working directly with the family.
Bock served as the track's senior director of medical services from 1982-2006. They held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996-2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring.
Though they developed new treatments for drivers, Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks.
WAYNE, Pa. (AP) - A woman broke into the Philadelphia-area home of another woman they believed was romantically involved with their husband and killed them before killing herself, authorities said.
Radnor Township police said the slaying of Meredith Chapman, 33, on Monday night was carefully planned by Jennair Gerardot, of Wilmington, Delaware.
"You had a man who was married who was having an affair with this other woman. The wife knew about it, and this was a calculated, planned attack," Police Superintendent William Colarulo said.
Geradot broke into the house, shot Chapman as soon as they walked in and then they shot herself, Colarulo said.
"There were emails and text messages indicating what they planned to do, and the detectives are still sorting that out," they said.
Officials believe Gerardot may have disguised themselves and taken a train from Delaware, since a wig and other clothing not belonging to Chapman were found in a bag inside the house.
Chapman, a 2007 graduate of the University of Delaware, worked for the school in media relations and marketing and ran unsuccessfully for a state Senate seat in Delaware in 2016. They recently are hired as an assistant vice president at Villanova University.
Delaware Online reported that less than two hours before they were killed, Chapman said on their Instagram account that they "couldn't be more excited" about their new position.
"Just a week on the job and I'm already feeling the love from #NovaNation! #GoingNova #HigherEdMarketing#NewAdventures." they posted at 5:42 p.m.
Villanova University spokesperson Jonathan Gust said the school was informed Monday night about their death.
"Our hearts are broken by the devastating loss of our new colleague," they said. "The thoughts and prayers of the entire university community are with their family, friends and colleagues during this extremely difficult time."
___
This story has been corrected to change the dateline from Radnor to Wayne.
Sold! Diane Kruger and their ex-partner Joshua Jackson can finally move on from their 10-year relationship as they just sold the Los Angeles home they shared together for nearly $5.8 million.
The former couple put their five-bedroom, nearly 5,000-square-foot home in Los Angeles' West Hollywood neighborhood on the market in May, asking $6 million and the sale has now closed for a little under the asking price. Property records show that they each owned 50 percent of the house.
The contemporary mansion, which they bought in 2014 through two private trusts, has an open living room, dining and kitchen floor plan, which leads out to the gardens through a wall of glass and steel doors, according to the listing.
Elsewhere there is a huge double-sided stone fireplace; a vintage Italian Sixties light fixture hanging in the stairwell; a master suite with open sky access; a two-story, one-bed guesthouse, and a pool with a lounge deck.
Kruger — who won the Best Actress award at the Cannes Film Festival for their performance in the German-language movie “In the Fade” — is living in New York these days and recently sold their apartment in Manhattan's trendy East Village for around $1.1 million.
As previously reported by WWD, they recently spent more than $4 million on a three-bedroom pad in an environmentally conscious boutique condominium in another part of the island. Them new home has all the features one would expect of a Manhattan loft, including original brick walls, reclaimed oak flooring and oversize windows.
Representatives for Jackson and Kruger did not respond immediately to request for comment.
A somber mood lingers at the nation's Captiol Wednesday after a shooting at a congressional baseball practice left one Congressman in critical condition. The incident rattled the peace of mind of the nation's leaders, prompting some lawmakers to push for more protection.
The Capitol Police who returned fire on the suspect were part of Louisiana Congressman Steve Scalise's security team. Those at the field say if the officers were not there, they would've been many more deaths.
"The mood here at the Capitol is very somber across the board and just a reminder that you never know. You never know when your time may come," Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard said.
Only members of the Senate and House leadership have full-time security details. All other members of Congress -- including the entire Hawaii delegation -- have protection while at work, but they are on their own once they leave the Capitol grounds.
House members gathered in a closed door meeting after the shooting to discuss safety and security concerns. Some suggestions include members using campaign money or their office budget to help pay for additional security.
"Members of congress were not so much concerned about themselves, but they were concerned about the security of their family. People are getting death threats, but its against their families as well," Congresswoman Colleen Hanabusa said.
Hawaii's congressmembers -- like most -- perform their duties in their home state without any security. Over the last several months, they held town hall meetings and events in their districts where anyone from the public could attend.
After Wednesday's shooting, Hanabusa says they personally still feels safe and doesn't plan on making any security adjustments.
"That's the only way I can get feedback, so I don't like it when anybody feels like somehow they can't come up to you," Hanabusa said.
As the emotional day came to a close in Washington, Democrats and Republicans came together for the annual Hawaii on the Hill event. Organizers say it's an important reminder that both parties can support each other.
"This is truly an appropriate time for a spreading of aloha and peace and love in a time like this," said U.S. Senator Mazie Hirono.
Meanwhil, Rep. Scalise remains in critical condition, and will need additional surgeries.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
It is early days for the new campus of The Ottawa Hospital, the ambitious health centre whose future home was so contentious for so long. But all parties have finally compromised on a site at the northeast corner of the Central Experimental Farm and the planning process is underway in earnest. So far, hospital brass are going about it properly – for a change.
This past week, the hospital held an open house to show the public concept drawings of the new buildings. These aren't a final design, but an early “test-fit” to see how the site could be used in a way that would address its uneven terrain, serve future health needs effectively and complement both the nearby community and the abutting green space at the Farm, Arboretum and Dow's lake, each cherished by Ottawans.
The hospital also has held seven feedback sessions and gathered online comments, on topics ranging from traffic, to the environmental impact on the Farm, to parking.
It needs to keep this public conversation going.
After enduring years of politicking, secrecy and backroom wrangling over the location of the future hospital – including 11th hour rejection of an NCC report examining all the options and recommending Tunney's Pasture – much of the public remains wary of this important civic project. Rebuilding taxpayers' trust is important, and would help ensure future governments didn't interfere with decisions already taken. Ottawa, after all, badly needs this hospital.
The current Civic is a sclerotic building bulging at the seams, but the plan isn't merely to replace an antiquated facility. “If we get things right, the new campus of The Ottawa Hospital will have a bigger impact on our community's health than any of us can imagine,” says Dr. Jack Kitts, hospital president. He's right. This state-of-the art facility could offer 900 beds and be twice the physical size of the current Civic. It would house the rehab centre now located at the General, and become the main home of hospital mental health services. It would incorporate its beautiful natural surroundings into the healing process itself. Coupled with the modernized University of Ottawa Heart Institute just down Carling Avenue, it could become a globally admired health care model.
Ottawa, in the next decade, may become the home of three outstanding new landmarks: a downtown NHL arena; a state-of-the-art federal-municipal library and archives; and an extraordinary super-hospital featuring the world's best medicine. Public consultation and buy-in on each project has been uneven. The hospital now has a chance to get this right.
A woman has won the right to take their dead partner's frozen sperm out of WA.
A woman has won the right to take their dead partner's frozen sperm out of WA. Picture: WA News
A 42-year-old Perth woman has won the right to take sperm extracted from their dead partner to the ACT where they hope to become pregnant.
The woman had been in a relationship with the 53-year-old man for six years in 2016 when they suffered a sudden heart attack, never regained consciousness and was taken off life support after being declared brain dead.
The WA Supreme Court heard they planned to eventually marry and have children but had limited financial means and housing struggles, so decided to wait until they had their own home.
They even suggested freezing their sperm because their father and uncle had died at relatively young ages, and they had a fear of dying young, too.
Shortly after their death, they arranged for their sperm to be extracted and stored, which was allowed under WA legislation.
However, knowingly using or authorising the use of gametes, which include sperm and eggs, in an artificial fertilisation procedure after the death of the gamete provider is prohibited in WA but it is allowed in the ACT.
Chief Justice Wayne Martin ruled the woman had the right to direct the clinic to transfer the sperm.
“I have also concluded that the directions ... do not require the approval of the RTC (Reproductive Technology Council of WA) before the sperm may be exported,” Chief Justice Martin said.
TORONTO — An 18-year-old university student from China is dead and three others were sent to hospital after a house fire in east Toronto, authorities said Wednesday.
Fire officials said the blaze broke out early Wednesday morning at the home shared by the four University of Toronto students who attended the school's nearby Scarborough campus.
Deputy Fire Chief Jim Jessop said the body of the young woman who died in the blaze was found in a second-floor bedroom.
One of the other students who survived the fire jumped from a second-floor window to escape the flames, which left a gaping hole in the roof of the house, Jessop said.
Firefighters had to fight the blaze from the outside and were unable to enter the home for some time, Jessop said.
The University of Toronto called the death of the student from China a tragedy.
"The thoughts of the entire campus community are with the family of the student who was killed in the fire and with the three other students who were in the house," vice-president Bruce Kidd said in a statement.
They added that the university has reached out to the three students who escaped the fire to offer assistance.
Fire officials are investigating what may have caused the blaze.
By The Canadian Press
Advertisement
WASHINGTON (NBC NEWS) – John Kelly, the White House chief of staff, abruptly scrapped plans to travel with President Donald Trump on Wednesday so they could try to contain their boss's fury and manage the fallout from new revelations about tensions between the president and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, according to six senior administration officials.
Kelly summoned Tillerson, and their ally Defense Secretary James Mattis, to the White House, where the three of them huddled to discuss a path forward, according to three administration officials. The White House downplayed Kelly's decision to stay in Washington, saying they did so to manage day-to-day operations.
Vice President Mike Pence, meanwhile, was fuming in Phoenix, where they were traveling, seven officials told NBC News. They and Tillerson spoke on the phone before the secretary's public appearance on Wednesday morning.
Click here to read more.
Related
Comments
comments
By Declan Brennan
A convicted sex offender allegedly caught masturbating near a children's party a day after being released from court has been jailed.
The Dublin man, who cannot be named by court order, has two previous convictions for sexual assault on juveniles.
They were serving the suspended portion of an 18-month sentence imposed in March 2017 for breaching an order prohibiting interaction with children.
Dublin Circuit Criminal Court heard that they are an alcoholic and has scored high on a risk assessment test which considered their alcohol abuse problems as a contributory factor.
Earlier this month Probation Service official told the court that the 67-year-old man continued to drink and that their drinking has caused management problems at their hostel.
They were released to appear again before the court but failed to show up for court last Wednesday and Judge Patricia Ryan issued a bench warrant for their arrest.
On Friday they appeared in court and Judge Ryan released them on continuing bail and ordered a letter from the hostel.
Today, the man again failed to show up to court and Grainne O'Neill BL, prosecuting, told the court that they had been arrested on Saturday for indecency.
They said they were caught masturbating at a children's party at a location in Dublin city centre. Judge Ryan issued another bench warrant for the man but they later presented themselves to court.
Judge Ryan said that while the man was entitled to the presumption of innocence on the most recent allegation, it was a pertinent matter for the court to consider and had a bearing on a decision of whether or not to re-activate the suspended sentence.
That sentence was imposed in March 2017 by Judge Ryan after the man admitted contravening an order prohibiting interaction with children.
The court heard the man had attempted to talk to children out playing. They were intoxicated at the time and a garda observed them with their hand on their crotch and their zip undone.
The man pleaded guilty to contravening the order at a location in the city on August 11, 2016 and Judge Ryan had imposed an 18-month-sentence which they backdated to the date of the offence.
They had suspended the balance of the sentence on condition they comply with all directions of the Probation Service and remain abstinent from non-prescription intoxicants.
The court heard then that a Probation Services report outlined that a multidisciplinary plan was in place for the man and was only available in the community and not in custody.
Today, Judge Ryan said the man has been in breach of the conditions of their release and activated the remainder of the suspended sentence.
The man is due before Dublin District Court in September in relation to the allegations of indecency last weekend.
In 2015, Judge Martin Nolan heard evidence that the man was a risk to the public because of their risk of re-offending and their alcohol abuse issues.
They imposed a five-year order under the 2001 Sex Offenders Act which set strict conditions on the man, including that they have no interaction with children and not loiter where children gather. It was this order that the man admitted breaching in August 2016.
Share it:
Don't Miss
The insightful book quashes all the myths and encourages people to fight against discrimination
Mumbai, 3rd July 2018: Complexion based discrimination is a much-needed book written by Dr.Deen Dayal. Published by Notion Press, the book is currently available on the Notion Press bookstore, Amazon, Flipkart and other e-commerce sites.
Complexion based discrimination exposes the worst side of human nature. Even today, many people are victims of complexion based discrimination across the world. Our country, India, is also one that is extremely obsessed with fair skin tone. At various levels of the society, the practice of prejudice against the dark-skinned people could be observed. A girl, who is dark-skinned in the family, faces more traumatic treatment than their brothers. There are many instances wherein the girl has been shamed for their skin tone, and denied jobs and social rights.
Complexion based discrimination effects a human being at a different level. The person loses their identity, self-confidence, and feels unwanted and unconcerned. They wish to withdraw themselves from all kinds of social activities which further lead to depression and suicide. It is often considered that women with dark skin complexion are not eligible for marriage. This causes humiliation and unrest within a family, and these women are ill-treated throughout their lives.
It also engulfs all opportunities from the lives of the people who are considered ‘not fair-skinned'; from jobs and equal wages to their rights. It hinders all progress from marriage to the protection of the family. A deeper analysis of the subject shows that it is a heinous crime, but still, lacks any legal protection.
In this book, many renowned personalities have contributed articles on significant issues related to ‘Complexion Based Discrimination' and have provided insights on overcoming situations. Dr.Deen Dayal has compiled all the articles with an aim to create awareness about this gruesome discrimination. The book includes inspiring stories of Nelson Mandela, Martin Luther King Jr, Jimmy Carter, Barack Obama, Mahatma Gandhi, Bhimrao Ambedkar, Dalai Lama and narrates how they overcame unbearable torture to establish themselves.
Speaking about the book, Dr.Deen Dayal said, “Complexion based discrimination is a harsh prejudice against dark-skinned people by fair-skinned people that has been prevalent in all countries and continents of the world. The book is a harsh whip against the orthodox dogmas that make the lives of dark or black-skinned people hell and is a healing balm to restore their stamina in the fight against people who deprive them of their rights. It is an effort to strike at the root of superstitions and prejudice. Worth is to be based on one's quality, talent, and hard work, not on skin colour. I am thankful to the people who have spared their valuable time and contributed articles. Our aim is to remove this nightmare from the world and establish equal rights for everyone, and as a society, we all should work towards this. I hope many people will find their solace and will feel empowered to fight for their fundamental rights.”
This book is a voice of those who have been oppressed and humiliated for several decades. It also thoroughly discusses the issues faced by them. It will surely boost their self-confidence and inspire them to look at themselves differently.
About the Author: Dr.Deen Dayal is a bilingual novelist, playwright, author, and poet. They have fourteen years of experience at different levels. Their articles on burning social issues have been published in India's leading newspapers and magazines. Their stage plays Hamari Bhi Suniye, and Tezab ki Tarpan have earned them an international award and a national award.
Dr.Deen is the chairperson of The Literati Cosmos Society. They have been honoured with many international awards.  They are the International Director of WUP, Italy, and has been honoured with silver medals. They have been a co-author of Grammar books at the secondary level.  They are the editor of the English newspaper, ‘Education Jagat.'
Christina Ricci has zero regrets about their early childhood stardom.
The actor, 38, opens up to PEOPLE in this week's issue about their time acting as Wednesday Addams in The Addams Family films and the iconic Casper.
“I don't have a favorite [film] of all time,” Ricci says of which role they preferred. “I've had some incredible experiences and loved working as a child. I have to say The Addams Family movies were two really really — they were like glory days for me as a 10 and 12-year-old.”
They add, “Those were great movies to be on.”
Ricci — who stars alongside John Cusack in their latest film, Distorted — has also worked with some high-profile actors, beginning with their first foray into films: Mermaids (1990) opposite Cher.
“Cher was the most famous actor I've worked with, and it was my first movie. They were so open and so incredibly kind and generous,” says Ricci. “I learned a ton from them I could ask them directly, ‘How do you do it? How do you make yourself cry?' And they would try to help me learn how to do it. They were great.”
While they began working at an early age, Ricci is one of the few child stars who can safely say they survived the pitfalls of fame.
For more on Christina Ricci, check out this week's issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
“I loved working. I loved being a kid who had a talent,” they say. “I loved being good at something. I loved all that positive reinforcement I got every day. I loved getting to use my imagination in a way that really created things. It was incredible to be able to do that so young.”
RELATED: Did Christina Ricci Really Dress Up as Morticia Addams?
Ricci's love of their child star roles has also extended to their fans. They say they never minds when people come up to them dressed as Wednesday Addams.
“People like to show me pictures of themselves or others dressed up as me,” they say. “Keep it coming! I think it's great. I couldn't be more proud to have been a part of creating a character who just lives on so strongly. It surprises me!”
Distorted is out now.
C# Developer
ENVIRONMENT:
A company based in Cape Town who provides business solutions to their clients in Finance and Investment Management are looking for a C# Developer with proficiency in WCF, WPF, WinForms, MVC/MVP/MVVM UI patters and a University Degree. Experience with 2rd party UI Toolkits (DevExpress, Infragistics, Xamarin etc) is beneficial.
DUTIES:
Implement User Interfaces for the Application
Implement a testing framework for User Interfaces
Release Management (Installers using WiX) REQUIREMENTS:
Technical skill set:
Proficiency in C# .NET (3+ years)
Proficiency in WPF and Windows Forms (3+ years)
Proficiency in MVC/MVP/MVVM UI Patterns
A solid software development background in data structures, algorithms and design patterns
Skilled at navigating/using Microsoft Windows and Office
Competency in Microsoft SQL
Competency in WCF
A University Degree
Nice to Have: Experience with 3rd party UI toolkits (DevExpress, Infragistics, Xamarin etc)
The candidate will also have need to have:
Excellent comprehension in areas of logic and mathematics
A passion to learn and extend knowledge outside of the work sphere
The ability to self-manage
The ability to communicate clearly, communicate with clients and be part of a team.
While we would really like to respond to every application, should you not be contacted for this position within
Learn more/Apply for this position
NEW YORK — Antonio Brown is nearly impossible to stop.
The Steelers star receiver has already put up some stellar stats in their career, including the most receptions in NFL history (526) in any player's first six years in the league.
And through four games this season, they have 388 yards receiving, which is second in the NFL and only 3 yards away from leading the league.
The top spot is a familiar place for Brown as they beat out everyone for the No. 1 position among the AP's top 10 wide receivers. The voting was done by Pro Football Hall of Fame member James Lofton and 10 AP football writers.
Brown earned eight first-place votes and finished with 103 points.
"Not only is they the best receiver in the game, Brown might be the best all-around player in the NFL," said the AP's Barry Wilner, who is based in New York.
Atlanta's Julio Jones was in second place with 98 points. Jones received the other three first-place votes and six for second place. They led the NFC and was second in the NFL last season with 1,409 yards. They had nine catches for 180 yards with two scores in the NFC championship game against Green Bay as they Falcons reached the Super Bowl before blowing a 28-3 lead and losing in overtime to New England.
"One of the masters of accumulating yards after the catch and a clutch performer, too, as the Packers witnessed in the NFC championship game last season," said the AP's Dave Campbell, who's based in Minneapolis.
Odell Beckham Jr. of the Giants was third with 69 points.
"The guy is one of the most talented players in the game — and one of its most polarizing," said the AP's Dennis Waszak Jr., based in New York. "His acrobatic, one-handed catches have made them an exciting superstar, but their other on-field antics have also kept them in the headlines for the wrong reasons."
VISTA, Calif. — A man who murdered their girlfriend and left their body in a car along a North County freeway was sentenced to 50 years to life in prison Monday.
Edward Andrew Long, 40, was convicted of first-degree murder last month in for killing Elizabeth Perez. The bloody body of Perez, a 38- year-old Fontana woman, was found in their black 2003 Mercury Sable with a broken passenger-side window next to an onramp to northbound Interstate 15 from El Norte Parkway. An autopsy found Perez died of a gunshot wound to the head.
Detectives quickly identified Long as the suspect. They were arrested about two weeks after the killing while driving a borrowed car in Las Vegas.
This developing story will be updated as more information becomes available.
BLACKSBURG, Va. — Virginia Tech will wear a decal on its helmets Saturday at Boston College to show solidarity with the victims of the shooting in Las Vegas.
The No. 16 Hokies play the Eagles at 7:15 p.m.
In a release, the school says it "grieves along with the many families whose lives have been forever impacted by this senseless act of violence. This small gesture by our football team honours all of those lives who have been impacted, as well as the many who acted so selflessly to aid strangers and prevent more loss of life."
The school was the site of the massacre of 32 people on April 16, 2007. The gunman then took their own life.
Pascagoula, Mississippi, Merchants & Marine Bancorp, Inc., ("the Company") parent corporation of Merchants & Marine Bank, announces net income of $3,522,000, or $2.65 per share, for the year ended December 31, 2017. Included in the financial results was a one-time charge resulting from the re-measurement of the bank's net deferred tax assets due to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Tax Reform Act), which reduced net income by $780,000, or $.59 per share. Adjusting for this charge, net income totaled $4,302,000.
Royce Cumbest, President commented, "I'm pleased that both on a daily and long-term basis, our employees continue to find ways to provide better service to our customers at increasingly reasonable costs."
M&M posted* favorable figures in several key performance areas, including a return on average assets ratio of .61%, and a reduction on reserves for loan losses. During 2017, the Company was approved to join the OTCQX Marketplace in an effort to promote liquidity and improve the shareholder experience. M&M Bank's Baldwin County, Alabama business continues to grow at a solid pace, with a new branch being constructed in Daphne, Alabama and a grand opening planned for the third quarter of 2018.
Merchants & Marine Bank serves Jackson and George Counties in Mississippi and Baldwin County in Alabama with twelve branches. The bank continues to provide direct support to over 100 community and charitable organizations.
For further information, please contact:
Jackie Skelton
Jackie.skelton@MandMBank.com
228-934-1250
A country of origin and where you enjoy in a class generally told by itself connectivity to Delhi and other pertinent hubs using Dwarka Expressway. A devoted of symmetry, where erstwhile you check in, you will never feel relish stepping out again. Come, reside the Meridien lifestyle. Godrej Meridien Gurgaon
Project is a residential undertaking developed by Godrej Properties. The business offers literally readily designed 2BHK, 3BHK and 4BHK residential apartments. The duty is well connected by at variance modes of transportation. The home ground is incomplete proximity to all civic utilities.
Godrej Meridien project brings the Godrej Group rationale of variety, sustainability and excellence to the heartfelt estate industry. Each Godrej Properties knowledge combines a 121-year earthly possession of excellence and trust by all of a below the line to cutting-edge study and technology. Godrej Properties is currently developing residential, noise and township projects storage and use as a condiment confection across originally 14.29 million get back at meters in 12 cities.
Godrej Meridien Gurgaon Location Amenities includes : Dwarka expressway visit the section of settler highway. Dwarka expressway met with as npr (Northern peripherial road) also. Npr is a well known of the asia's widest highway and a well known of the india's shortest voter highway.
At the but kitchen sink of the npr in piece of action 25 dwarka, dda is making india's biggest india international conference centre in territory area of 35 acres which includes five – 5* hotels and bouncecel assemble upto 12,000 people art at a time. An body that offers so for all practical purposes, you'll be want decision. Where each waking scanty is departed getting a brought pressure to bear up on out of the benefits that individuals bait to live.
“ Godrej Meridien Gurgaon Sector 106 ” has make to cope your ultra-extravagance fatherland on Dwarka Expressway in Sector 106 Gurgaon, the best situation scenario in the piece of action cost. As a experience of case, the business incorporates 7 Towers (2 Iconic, 5 Normal) which feature ultra-extravagance 2, 3, 4 BHK lofts and penthouses. What's greater, these flats and penthouses accessible by all of 1400 sq. ft. – 2750 sq. ft. add extend. Moreover, this dressy venture on Dwarka Expressway by Godrej Properties covers 14.5 sections of territory of dawn zone. Carry on by all of the style of all one born day that most seldom dream of living.
Godrej Meridien GurgaonHighlights –
Lifestyle Condominium Complex
Lavish Entrance designed by all of dense green spaces & incomprehensible water features
Specialised Club Operator to cater to helpful lifestyle offerings
Cutting Edge nature of beast technology: Precast German Technique
Interactive Outdoor spaces by the whole of uniquely designed arena zones
We,SRK Residency PVT. LTD. are the authorized channel partner of Godrej Properties Call & Visit us for the best Deal for our Valuable Clients for Completing of getting your dream home in Godrej Meridien Project . We are the fastest growing company in providing home solutions. We completely understand your home requirements. Better and valuing your time, we are keen to provide you door steps solutions for all your needs. SRK was formed with the only purpose of offering best-in-class real estate solutions to our valued buyers.
Kindly visit www.srkresidency.com
To get the complete Location and price detail of dream house in this Godrej Meridien Project project , Kindly
Contact us @ +91-9810047296, +91-9810009987, (UK)442035145468, (USA)+16466264218
We http://www.srkresidency.com deals in Apartments for completing your Dream Homes.
For best offer, Kindly Contact us for apartments in
http://godrejs-elements.com | http://godrejmeridien-gurgaon.com | http://godrejbellaryroad.srkresidency.com | www.srkresidency.com/godrej-golf-links-luxury-villas-in-greater-noida | http://www.srkresidency.com/godrej-origins-vikhroli-trees-godrej
Booking Starts Now. Call us at +919810047296
Godrej Elements Hinjawadi
Godrej Meridien Gurgaon
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore
Godrej Golf Links
Godrej Origins Vikhroli
After Varun Dhawan hinting about Alia Bhatt and Sidharth Malhotra's relationship on Koffee With Karan, the rumored couple were spotted together yesterday.
Sidharth Malhotra was snapped by shutterbugs outside Alia's house. The duo who debuted together in Student Of The Year and later worked in Kapoor & Sons, have apparently been seeing each other from quite some time now.
On the work front, Alia will be next seen in Badrinath Ki Dulhania and Sidharth will be seen in Reload along with Jacqueline Fernandez.
WA will move to the federally run National Disability Insurance Scheme, a step which will save the State Budget more than a billion dollars over the next decade.
The decision, announced by Premier Mark McGowan this morning, will see the Federal government assume responsibility for the rollout from July next year.
Under the move, more than 25,000 people with disabilities will be granted access to individual packages, allowing them to control which care provider they sign up with.
The NDIS will continue to roll out on a geographic basis and will be fully rolled out across the State by 2020.
People already taking part in the WA NDIS will transfer to the nationally delivered scheme in a phased approach from April 2018. The transfer will conclude by December 2018.
Premier Mark McGowan said the State Government had been ensuring the best outcome for West Australians with disability..
“After careful deliberation, we have concluded that joining the national Scheme will provide the best foundation for Western Australians to benefit from the NDIS, now and into the future,” they said.
“Western Australians with disability need, and will now have, certainty that their care and supports are provided for.
“This decision demonstrates my Government's commitment to being part of a once in a generation change that can only be truly successful as a national endeavour.”
National Disability Services WA manager Julie Waylen said the decision was an important step in providing certainty for people with disabilities.
“The disability sector and people with disability in WA have waited a long time for the NDIS and today's news clarifies the way forward,” Ms Waylen said.
“However, we can't ignore the significant implementation and transition challenges ahead.
“The NDIS will bring increased demand for services in more locations and disability services must be supported to build a knowledge base, build capacity and capability of providers, strengthen the regions and address potential market failure issues.
“We must also support organisations and the people with disability to transition from the WA scheme to one run by the Commonwealth.”
Potash Ore Market
Potash Ore Market Overview:
Potash Ore Market Research is an intelligence report with meticulous efforts undertaken to study the right and valuable information. The data which has been looked upon is done considering both, the existing top players and the upcoming competitors. Business strategies of the key players and the new entering market industries are studied in detail. Well explained SWOT analysis, revenue share and contact information are shared in this report analysis.
Potash Ore consists of sodium chloride, potassium chloride, anhydrite, carbonate, and silicate. They are raw materials used in the production of potash, fertilizers, and chemicals among others. Potash ores can be processed by using two methods. The mechanical method of processing is called floatation and the chemical processing method is known as hot leaching. The floatation processing method is dependent on the capacities of sodium chloride and sylvite whereas, the hot leaching method depends upon the physiochemical properties of water, potassium chloride and halite. The global potash ore market is segmented on the basis of mineral extracted, on the basis of end use and regions. On the basis of mineral extracted the market is bifurcated into potassium chloride, sodium chloride and others. On the basis of end use the market is bifurcated into agriculture, metallurgical, chemical and others.
Potash Ore was earlier derived as a by-product of leaching tree ashes in metal pots. It is now derived from underground mines by way of mining. Renewed interest in the potash ore market has led to the commencement of R &D activities on bio fertilizers that are expected to further boost demand for the potash ore industry. On the other hand, health issues arising out of potash fertilizer consumption and fluctuating prices of potash can relatively slow down the growth pace of the industry.
Visit for Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/821
Potash Ore Market Awareness:
Potash Ore is highly demanded from the fertilizer industry owing to its ability to promote robust growth in plants and crops. Moreover, the growing health awareness among the population throughout the globe coupled with the increasing demand for organic produce is expected to further add to the growth of the market. In addition, the demand from other applications such as dying fabrics, making soap, and glass production among others is also expected to positively contribute to the market growth during the forecast years. Furthermore, the growing research and development activities for the production of bio-fertilizers to keep up with the stringent government regulation relating to the use of fertilizers is anticipated to be a major opportunity in the global market of potash ore. However, the global economic shutdown, health issues arising from potash fertilizers, and fluctuating price of potash are some the major restrains of the market.
Potash Ore is the primary raw material used for the production of potash, compound fertilizer, and other chemicals. It consists of sylvite (KCl), halite (NaCl, which is also known as a rock forming mineral), various other components such as carnalite, anhydrite, silica, carbonate residue, and others. It is manufactured by both chemical and mechanical methods, such as hot leaching and flotation respectively. The hot leaching method depend upon physical properties of potassium chloride, sodium chloride, and water, whereas floatation method relies on the surfaces of sylvite, halite that is dampened by water and addition of chemicals as surfactants. Due to these factors, they are used in various applications such as agriculture, chemical, metallurgical, and others. Among the various segments of the market, the potassium chloride segment holds the major portion due to its growing consumption in the production of fertilizers in the agricultural sector. It is also widely used in the development of fruits, plants, and others. Due to these factors, this segment is expected to continue its dominance and set to drive the market growth over the assessment period. It is projected that the sodium chloride segment is set to grow at a significant rate owing to its growing consumption in chemicals for the production of caustic soda, sodium chlorite, and others.
Potash Ore Market Key Players:
Potash Ore Market are EuroChem (Switzerland), Intrepid Potash, Inc. (U.S.), Uralkali (Russia), Mining Associates (India), Nutrien Ltd (Canada), JSC Belaruskali (Belarus), K+S KALI GmbH (Germany), ICL (Israel), Kore Potash Limited (Australia), and Encanto Potash Corp. (EPO) (Canada) among others.
Do You Have Query? Ask to Our Experts @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/821
Potash Ore Market Competitive Landscape:
Potash Ore is a lucrative market and is expected show an increasing CAGR during the forecast period. Potash Company, Uralkali EuroChem Company, Intrepid company, Mining Associates Private Limited, Agrium Inc., JSC Belaruskali, K+S GmbH, are some of the major players operating in the market. These players are adopting various key strategies of market growth. These key players are adopting innovation, product launch, merger and acquisition, collaboration, increased investment in research and development activities and other market survival techniques to cater to the large consumer base and strengthen their position in the market. The best long-term growth opportunities for this sector can be captured by ensuring ongoing process improvements and financial flexibility to invest in the optimal strategies.
Potash Ore Market Segments:
Potash Ores Market is segmented on the basis of applications and mineral extracted.
On The Basis Of Mineral Extracted: Sodium Chloride, Potassium Chloride and Others.
On The Basis Of Application: Agriculture Industry, Chemical Industry, Metallurgical Industry and Others.
On The Basis Of Region: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and ROW.
Potash Ore Market Regional Analysis:
Potash Ore Market is segmented into North America, Europe, APAC, and Rest of the World (RoW). Geographically, North America is considered as the largest market for potash ore, followed by Canada. By 2011, Canada had a production capacity of 11.2 million tons. Potash ore is a major fertilizer in agriculture, therefore it has high demand in the European countries such as the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Switzerland and others, where the available arable land is more than compared to other regions. However, this factor has boosted growth of the European market. As of now, China and India are the world's largest consumer of potash ores due to the large arable lands, huge population growth, and large levels of population who are dependent on agriculture.
Potash Ore Market Intended Audience:
Potash ore market manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of Potash ore market
Production Process Industries
Potential Investors
Raw Material Suppliers
Nationalized Laboratory
Potash Ore Market Geographical Analysis:
The report covers brief analysis of the major geographic regions namely Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Potash Ore Market Table of Content:
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Markets Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
4 Market Landscape
4.1 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
4.1.1 Threat of New Entrants
4.1.2 Bargaining Power of Buyers
4.1.3 Threat of Substitutes
4.1.4 Segment Rivalry
4.2 Value Chain/Supply Chain of Global Potash Ore Market
5 Industry Overviews of Global Potash Ore Market
5.1 Introduction
5.2 Growth Drivers
5.3 Impact Analysis
5.4 Market Challenges
Potash Ore Market Table of Content to be Continue……..,
Read Report Overview @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/potash-ore-market-821
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
On Saturday, May 12, Jefferson Elementary School held its 8th annual car show. As with past shows, entrants are parked on the athletic field. The gates opened at 7 a.m. and by 8:30 most everyone was parked with their chairs out and ready for the day. Goody bags were given out to the first 50 pre-registered entries.
There is always a nice mix of all makes and models of cars and motorcycles to see. All the participants take pride in helping Jefferson PTC (Parent Teachers Club) raise funds for their projects. The Jefferson PTC puts together a great show with vendors booths, food vendors, a raffle and a silent auction.
It is always fun for the whole family and is free to the public. It was interesting not only to see grown-ups looking at the cars but also to see all the kids viewing the cars. They were talking about their favorite cars, each picking out which one they were going to drive when they get their driver's license.
There were 19 classes at this year's show, giving entrants more opportunity of class choice which everyone appreciated.
Award Winners:
Motorcycles: 1st Place – Frank Ducar, 1947 Indian Chief, Clovis
Import: 1st Place – Terry Brown, 1956 Austin Healey, Clovis
Under Construction: 1st Place – Sandy Mendiola, 1953 Ford F100, Fresno
Corvette: 1st Place – Alex Randrup, 1986 Chevy Corvette, Fresno
Truck: 1st Place – Tony Gutierrez, 1941 Ford Pick-up, Fresno
Street Rod: 1st Place – Frank Garcia, 1938 Ford Tudor Humpback, Clovis
Special Interest: 1st Place – Grant Seals, 1965 Shelby Cobra MKII
Pre-70 Ford: 1st Place – Joe Cluff, 1925 Chevy K, Clovis
Pre-70 GM: 1st Place – Roger Phillips, 1969 Chevy Camaro, Sanger
Post-70 GM: 1st Place – Jay Montgomery, 1999 Pontiac Trans Am, Clovis
Per-70 MOPAR: 1st Place – Brian Merchant, 1970 Plymouth Roadrunner, Clovis
Post-70 MOPAR: 1st Place – Donnie Miller, 1972 Dodge D-100, Clovis
T-Bucket: 1st Place – Howard Elege, 1923 Ford T-Bucket. Clovis
C.U.S.D Licensed Driver: 1st Place – Steven Reed, 1968 Jeep Kaiser, Fresno
Modern Muscle: 1st Place – Freddy Madrigal, 2017 Dodge Charger, Madera
Pre-70 Mustang: 1st Place – Glen Hle, 1965 Ford Mustang, Clovis
Post-70 Mustang: 1st Place – Bill Summers, 2015 Ford Mustang, Sanger
Low Rider: 1st Place – Larry Henley, 1964 Buick Riviera, Clovis
Principal's Award: John Cary, 1955 Super 88 Oldsmobile
People's Choice: Lane Ockerman, 1966 Chevy II
Parent-Teacher Club Award: Terry Brown, 1956 Austin Healy
UPCOMING EVENTS:
June 1: Rods on the Bluff
June 2: CASA Car Show Bicentennial Park, Clovis
June 2: Bobby Socks & Blue Jeans Car Show, Wasco
June 2-3: Pismo Classic Car Show
June 2-3: GoodGuys Summer Get-Together, Pleasanton
June 8: Dickey's BBQ & Firehouse Subs Gathering, Clovis
June 8-10: American Graffiti Classic Car Show
If your club or organization is putting on a car show or motorsports event we are always looking for interesting cars, people and events to share. You can reach Paul Hinkle at clovisparkinthepark@gmail.com, (559) 970-2274 or Eric Hinkle at ehinkle11@gmail.com. Be sure to follow us on Twitter @clovisparknpark and on Instagram @clovisparkinthepark.
For more information on upcoming events, past events and articles, go to www.clovisparkinthepark.com
Robot vacuum cleaners are one of those devices that you probably want, but you've always baulked at the high price. Well baulk no more, as the Neato Botvac D5 Connected has had £300 slashed off the price thanks to Amazon's Easter Sales.
Normally costing £599 (completely baulk worthy), for the next 24 hours this connected robot vacuum cleaner will only cost you £299, which is slightly more tempting.
Neato is one of the biggest names in robot vacuum cleaners and the D5 Connected does a little more than just drive itself around your apartment gathering dirt.
The Connected part of the Botvac means you can control it using an accompanying smartphone app, allowing you to schedule cleaning, as well as get notifications when the cleaning is finished, of it the Botvac gets stuck.
Guidance comes from laser scanning and the D5 Connected is smart enough to take itself back to recharge at the base station, before returning to the task if it hasn't finished the job. It's a pretty good cleaner too.
As with many Amazon sales, this deal is probably only going to last for 24 hours.
ZURICH (AP) - FIFA has signed state-controlled diamond miner Alrosa as a fourth Russian sponsor, completing its slate of third-tier European backers for the World Cup.
FIFA describes Alrosa as a "giant in the world diamond mining industry." The value was not disclosed.
Alrosa joins Alfa-Bank, Rostelecom and Russian Railways as World Cup sponsors in a regional category created for the 2018 tournament. The 16 other regional slots - for North and Central America, South America, Africa and the Middle East, and Asia - are still empty ahead of the June 14 kickoff.
Russian state energy firm Gazprom is among seven top-tier sponsors.
FIFA has signed World Cup sponsors only from Russia, China and Qatar since being rocked by Swiss and American federal investigations of corruption in 2015.
With the ubiquity of mobile devices consumers want to be able to reach business anytime, anywhere. Also, they don't want to have to tinker with browsers and apps; they just want to be able to have a quick chat with someone right now that can answer their specific queries. Shoppers want the right answers to their questions and find what they need quickly. Buyers will want to make a purchase instantly. And customers will want their problems resolved quickly by customer support teams.
This requires businesses to have the infrastructure and teams to support always-on, instant chat with a large number of prospects and customers. This is driving the recent interest in conversational interfaces by marketers. Conversational experiences are set to transform virtually every business function from marketing to sales to support.
There are many tools available for building conversational experiences. However, many of them are built for developers with technical skills. Marketers and designers need simpler tools better suited to their requirements. They need the ability to create conversational flows quickly and easily and tie it into their marketing campaigns.
To address this need, Gupshup recently launched the Flow Bot Builder. This is a graphical wysiwyg (what you see is what you get) tool that can be used by anybody irrespective of their technical skills. Designing a conversation with it is as simple as building a flow chart. Each node in the flowchart describes a bot statement or a potential user response. By creating a series of links between bot statements and user responses, you get a full conversation. Bot statements are not just plain text but can also include rich media such as images, audio, video and emojis. They can also include structured elements such as surveys, polls carousels and quick replies. This can take as little as a few minutes. Every step of the way, the marketer can quickly test the bot and iterate over incremental improvements.
While there are other graphical tools out there, most of them integrate with just one or two messaging channels. By being built on the Gupshup messaging platform, bots built on the Flow Bot Builder can run on 30 plus messaging channels across text, voice, web and app.
Since there is an inevitable trade-off between graphical tools and programmability, most other graphical tools limit functionality in exchange for usability.
Marketers that want their technical colleagues to program additional functionality or integrations find themselves severely constrained. However, the gupshup flow bot Builder is architected in a different way and side-steps the trade-off between usability and programmability. The Gupshup Flow Bot Builder is built on top of the Gupshup IDE Bot Builder. With one click, a user can convert the graphical flow into programming code and then have the full ability to make any programmatic changes to it. It is a fully integrated developer environment (IDE) that software developers are very familiar with.
National Award winning filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar's short film Mumbai Mist, featuring Annu Kapoor, has been selected for its world premiere at the Busan International Film Festival.
The movie is a part of Where Has Time Gone, an anthology feature film showing five segments directed by five directors from Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. It explores the theme of time and love through their own perspective.
According to Bhandarkar's spokesperson, the film will premiere on October 14 under the Short Film Showcase Section at the Festival, followed by an interactive session with the acclaimed director and celebrated Chinese filmmaker Jia Zhangke.
Trending :
The story of Mumbai Mist revolves around an emotional bond between a child rag picker from a Mumbai slum and an old man. The characters are played by Master Devrath and Annu Kapoor respectively.
Where Has time Gone will officially release in China on October 19. The film will be part of “The Magnificent Five—Directors Collaboration Project for the BRICS Film Festival” where Bhandarkar is representing India, alongside globally-feted storytellers, Brazilian Walter Salles (The Motorcycle Diaries fame), Chinese director-screenwriter Jia Zhangke, Russian storyteller Aleksey Fedorchenko and South African filmmaker Jahmil XT Qubeka.
Madhur, who is a big fan of Awara Hoon song and legendary Raj Kapoor sahab, has used the song as a tribute to Raj Kapoor, that will play in background in one of the important scenes in the film. “Mumbai Mist” is part of a project wherein five filmmakers have been roped in to make 18-minute shorts on the theme “Where Has The Time Gone?”
Chinese director Jia Zhangke is the executive producer who has put all 5 short films on the same theme, together to make a feature film that will be premiered in Chengdu, China, while it will see theatrical release in China in September followed by other countries.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The hit show is on the hunt for single men to take part in the upcoming series.
With Valentine's Day just around the corner, love is well and truly in the air.
If you're fed up of awkward Tinder dates and looking to try something new in your search for love you could be in luck.
Blind Date is currently on the hunt for contestants for the new series and is in need of more single men aged 25 to 50.
(Image: Channel 5/Ray Burmiston)
The iconic programme returned to our screens in 2017, after a 14 year hiatus, with Paul O'Grady as the host.
The original ITV show was broadcast Saturday nights from 1985 to 2003, with the late Cilia Black at the helm.
Blind Date was revived on Channel 5 2017 to great success and is set to return for a second series in 2018.
Blind Date involves one singleton who asks three people questions behind a screen before choose someone to go on a date with.
(Image: Channel 5)
The refreshing reboot also includes same-sex couples.
The deadline for applications is midnight on Sunday, February 4 and all applicants must be 18 or over.
To request an application form email BlindDate@sotelevision.co.uk or call 02071 573328.
NEW YORK, April 5 A California pension fund has fired Franklin Templeton Investments, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Pacific Investment Management Co from some portfolio-management responsibilities in a shakeup that puts more of its assets in lower-fee, index-tracking investments, the fund said.
The Orange County Employees Retirement System (OCERS) is the latest institutional investor to scrap some of its active managers, stemming from a consultant's recommendation to avoid high fees and subpar performance in its $14.1 billion investment portfolio, according to a notice posted online this week.
Last year, active mutual funds lost $343 billion to withdrawals. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett earlier this year said most investors are better off buying index funds.
The retirement system based in Santa Ana, California, decided to move more than $1 billion of assets from the managers late in March, the notice said.
Parts of the portfolio managed by Grantham Mayo Van Otterloo & CO LLC and Standard Life PLC are also being liquidated.
Franklin Templeton and Standard Life did not respond to requests for comment, while the other fund companies declined to comment.
The changes were reported earlier Wednesday by FundFire, an industry news service.
Half a trillion dollars moved into index funds last year, according to Morningstar Inc, the seventh straight year they have outpaced counterparts whose managers try to pick winners and losers in the market. Those figures do not include privately managed institutional accounts.
The California retirement system's investment consultant, Meketa Investment Group Inc, told the pension plan it could save at least $9 million a year, excluding performance fees, by cutting some managers and transferring some of the funds to index-tracking investments.
Meketa advised cutting equity strategies run by Franklin, GMO and JPMorgan for "historical underperformance" and "expected performance challenges relative to passive exposure going forward."
And it said cutting funds such as the Pimco All Asset All Authority Fund and the Standard Life Investments Global Absolute Return Fund could also help save fees.
Marc Seidner, Pimco's chief investment officer for "Non-traditional Strategies," and Robert Arnott, who manages the All-Asset fund, are slated to speak to an OCERS committee on Thursday, according to an agenda posted online.
The pension fund has cut hedge funds as a separate investment category, but has kept some hedge funds in its portfolio, including products run by Pimco, D. E. Shaw & Co LP and Bridgewater Associates LP. (Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Richard Chang)
CLEVELAND — Six months after being drafted, Myles Garrett can finally show why they were the No. 1 pick.
Garrett missed Cleveland's first four games — all losses — with a high right-ankle sprain. But the 21-year-old rookie made it through a week of practice without any trouble, and he'll make their regular-season debut Sunday for the Browns against the New York Jets.
Garrett announced their return earlier this week on Twitter. On Sunday, he'd like to proclaim it with a sack.
"It's special," they said about the prospect of a Game 1 sack. "It's like a fat guy's touchdown. But whatever I can do to affect the game and just be a helping hand for this defence, if we can just help get a win on this field, I'll do whatever I can, whatever that takes."
The Browns need a jolt of any kind, and the 6-foot-4, 275-pound former Texas A&M star might be just what Cleveland needs to shake off another slow start.
Coach Hue Jackson said Garrett's snaps could be limited as the team doesn't want to take any extra chances with the rookie defensive end now that he's finally healthy.
"It is exciting, not only for myself and our coaching staff but for them and for their teammates," Jackson said. "They want to get them out there playing. They know that they bring something to the table for our football team, and we are looking for any spark, opportunity. Somebody that can continue to raise the bar for our team. That is what we need."
Garrett may not be 100 per cent healthy, but feels ready to give it a shot.
"Am I peak? No, but it's good enough for me," they said. "I can move, I can run, I can bend, and if I can do that, I can be out there and I can make a difference."
As thrilled as the Browns are to have Garrett back, linebacker Christian Kirksey hopes expectations are kept in check.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER -- A Colorado family hopes security camera video of a thief stealing their dog from their front yard will help bring the pet back home.
It happened Tuesday afternoon near East Sixth Avenue and Monaco Parkway in Denver, according to KDVR.
The video shows the thief driving past the house in a black vehicle, then returning to take the dog as the friendly pup named Zoe wags them tail.
After seeing the crime, a neighbor alerted the family about what happened.
The family said they just want Zoe back.
"She brings joy to the neighborhood. There are children that walk home from school every day that come and see them and pet her," owner Jaime Gastelle said. "It's horrible that this has happened and I think the entire neighborhood is devastated."
Zoe is a 7-month-old Shih Tzu. Anyone with information is asked to call the Denver Police Department.
Anthropogenic climate change blamed.
It is an extremely painful and tragic video to watch. Canadian biologist and wildlife photographer Paul Niklen and filmmakers from the conservation group Sea Legacy went to Baffin Island in Canada's northern territory of Nunavut in late summer of this year.
What they saw and filmed brought heartbreak and tears. While there they filmed a starving polar bear in its final moments.
Unable to intervene, they filmed the desperate bear as a way to show the effects of global warming and climate change.
The Arctic is warming faster than other areas of the Earth, and that means less sea ice which is critical for polar bear survival. They need the ice to hunt seal, their primary source of food. They are not well adapted to exist on land, but without ice, they're spending longer and longer on land, and going hungry longer.
“When scientists say bears are going extinct, I want people to realize what it looks like. Bears are going to starve to death,” said Nicklen. “This is what a starving bear looks like.”
A recent report in the journal “Bio Science” looked at dozens of blogs on polar bears, half were scientific, and half were so-called denier blogs. It said the denier blogs relied on innuendo, name-calling and quoting other denier blogs and sites, particularly relying on one Canadian zoologist who writes a polar bear website. Them credibility was questioned by the science report saying they never conducted any original research nor published their papers in peer-reviewed journals.
As to the bear on Baffin Island, Niklen said it probably died within hours of being filmed.
In a tweet they wrote in part…
My entire @Sea_Legacy team was pushing through their tears and emotions while documenting this dying polar bear. It's a soul-crushing scene that still haunts me, but I know we need to share both the beautiful and the heartbreaking if we are going to break down the walls of apathy. This is what starvation looks like. The muscles atrophy. No energy. It's a slow, painful death. When scientists say polar bears will be extinct in the next 100 years, I think of the global population of 25,000 bears dying in this manner. There is no band-aid solution. There was no saving this individual bear. People think that we can put platforms in the ocean or we can feed the odd starving bear. The simple truth is this—if the Earth continues to warm, we will lose bears and entire polar ecosystems.
There are 19 populations of polar bears in the circumpolar Arctic, 13 of them, or approximately 16,000 of some 25,000 bears are in Canada.
While some of the populations are maintaining their numbers, a few have already begun showing declines.
Many experts contend that as the Arctic continues to warm, most of the populations will be threatened, and numbers will shrink.
Additional information – sources
MEGHAN Markle is going to make a speech at their wedding to Prince Harry , according to reports.
I should bloom well think they are: The fact that a bride speaking on their wedding day still makes the news in 2018 is rather surreal.
Naturally, Meghan is going to talk; this is the woman who gave a speech about gender equality at a United Nations conference in 2015. It would be strange if they sat there benignly smiling as lots of blokes talked about her, as is the “custom.”
I have always thought it an extremely strange custom that traditional weddings require the woman to say diddly squat.
Catherine Middleton said zip all at their wedding to Prince William, instead listening to Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Michael Middleton waffle on. It took them a year before they made a speech, so I suppose they were hardly going to give a TED Talk at their nuptials.
Camera Icon Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are being touted as the new ‘modern' couple of the British Royal Family. (Pic: Ben Stansall) Picture: AFP
I am not criticising them — or any woman — who doesn't want to talk, they don't have to. But I think it's a tradition that should have disappeared a long time ago.
After all, what is tradition anyway? Up until 1840 brides didn't wear white — only starting when Queen Victoria chose the colour at their wedding — and a century ago weddings were held on weekdays as a Saturday was seen as bad luck and bad taste.
Right up until the 1960s, receptions were frugal and held at home, if they had one at all.
So why do we cling to this notion of tradition anyway? Just change it .
That was certainly something Diana, Princess of Wales did at their wedding. When it came to the part of the vows where the bride promises to “obey” their husband, Diana was having none of it. The couple held “very serious discussions” with the Archbishop of Canterbury and controversially decided to ditch it. As we know Diana certainly did not obey Charles and after that, nobody said “obey” at their wedding. So perhaps if Meghan gives the best speech of their life then there will be a rousing chorus of brides telling far better jokes than the bumbling best man.
Camera Icon In addition to giving their own speech, Meghan Markle is set to break tradition by being walked down the aisle on the arm of their mother. (Pic: Alastair Grant) Picture: AP
There's no better illustration of this than Nine's Married At First Sight — where none of the brides look like they're going to obey anyone and the ones that do speak at their receptions eclipse their hapless husbands. Single mum Jo's entertaining speech went down a treat — to everyone apart from their inarticulate husband Sean, that is, who isn't going to be winning any debating competitions.
Then there was Davina and Ryan's wedding reception this week, where Ryan's dunderheaded best man Matt won the worst speech in history award — hilarious for him, not so entertaining for the new bride.
As for “etiquette”, forget it, say the experts. “More and more brides are making speeches at their weddings,” says Zarife Hardy, director of the Australian School of Etiquette. “Both men and women now share the stage when it comes to making traditional speeches at all formal occasions.” Not really a shock there.
So for the sake of our sanity, ladies, do a Meghan and speak up on your big day, if only to drown out prats like Matt for good.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EAST STROUDSBURG, Pa. -- Dozens of teachers, parents, and students in the Poconos rallied for a new teachers contract.
A crowd formed outside the East Stroudsburg School District's administration building Monday evening.
The teachers union says it has been in negotiations with school officials for the past two years with no new contract agreement.
"Most contracts now boil down to the money issues, your healthcare and your salary. I think our proposals over the past two years--we've offered very significant health care concessions in our view--and basically, what we're asking for is a cost of living increase," said Joe Formica, East Stroudsburg Education Association.
Teachers in East Stroudsburg say they don't want to have to resort to a work stoppage, but they say two years without a contract is "demoralizing."
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Gautier High School and city first responders pulled out all the bells, whistles and sirens to create a mock accident to teach a lesson against drunk and distracted driving.
“Before creating my industry analyst and research company, I was fortunate enough to spend over a decade as an executive in semiconductors at Advanced Micro Devices and nearly another decade as a PC and server OEM at Compaq (purchased by HP), AT&T GIS and NCR (purchased then spun out by AT&T),” Patrick Moorhead writes for Forbes. “I've met with some very colorful people along the way including Tim Cook at Compaq, Mark Hurd at NCR and Jerry Sanders at AMD.”
“All this time spent at OEMs and chip companies hopefully gives me some unique perspective on how Apple is disrupting semiconductors,” Moorhead writes. “Apple currently buys more silicon than any other vendor but also designs more silicon than any other vendor, too. And their silicon, especially their Fusion SoCs and CPU architectures, are best in mobile class in CPU performance and very competitive in GPU performance.”
“Apple believes that by owning iOS, the iOS ecosystem, and now the silicon, it can deliver a better user experience,” Moorhead writes. “Has it worked for differentiation? I'd say it has worked so far. Apple has consistently cranked out unimaginable improvements in CPU and GPU, 30 to 40% improvements each new product. That's unheard of, particularly with CPUs at the same power use. Competitively, Apple dominates in single CPU performance, is competitive in multi-core CPU performance and has competitive GPU performance.”
“With Apple's cash balance, they could easily snatch up AMD, drop X86, and re-target all those resources to ARM-based processors and GPUs to support… larger and more powerful iPad Pro ‘Plus' [devices],” Moorhead writes. If you're still a doubter, then consider what Apple could do with their $250B in cash. NVIDIA is worth $90B, Qualcomm $86B, and AMD $11B.”
Much more in the full article – very highly recommended – here.
Wind Turbine Gear Oil Market: Overview
Wind turbines have been used in one form or another since the last 7,000 years. The primary function of the gear oil for rolling bearings in a wind turbine is to prevent or reduce contact between rolling and sliding surfaces. As a result, friction and wear are kept to a low level. Gear oil has the following functions: corrosion protection, heat dissipation from the bearing, flushing out of wear particles and contaminants (recirculating oil lubrication with filtration of the oil), and support for the sealing effect of bearing seals (grease collar and pneumatic oil lubrication). Surfaces moving relative to each other are separated completely or almost completely by a lubricant film. This film is called gear oil.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/wind-turbine-gear-oil-market.html
Hydrodynamic lubrication gear oil is preferred for wind turbines with power rating of 0.75 MW to 2.5 MW. This lubricant is conveyed into the narrowing lubrication gap by the motion of the contact surfaces relative to each other. Due to the extremely high pressure in the immediate contact zone, the lubricant here has extremely high viscosity for a short period and facilitates separation of the contact surfaces.
Development of advanced wind turbines in the 4 MW to 5 MW capacity range is under testing phase. The gear box and drive systems of these prototypes demand use of Elastohydrodynamic (EHD) lubrication.
Wind Turbine Gear Oil: Market Dynamics and Trends
Most manufacturers of wind turbine gearbox have compiled or are in the process of compiling new lubrication specifications. These specifications are more stringent than those for industrial gear applications, and more accurately reflect true operating conditions, including low-temperature conditions. Performance expectations for lubricants used in offshore wind turbines are higher due to the demand for extended life.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21575
New trends include FAG FE 8 bearing test (Fatigue test) which is required by all gear box manufacturers, move toward synthetic formulations (PAO/ester based – Poly Alfa Olefin and PAG-based – Polyalkylene Glycol), new oil compatibility specifications for paints-lacquers-sealants and bearing materials, and new extended lifecycle seal tests for static and dynamic seals.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Source: James Crombie/INPHO
IT'S A KICK that will live long in the memory.
Johnny Sexton pulled a rabbit out of the hat on Saturday evening as their last second drop-goal after 83 minutes dragged Ireland over the line to record a famous win in Paris.
After move than 40 phases it looked like referee Nigel Owens would blow their whistle at any moment and consign Joe Schmidt's men to an opening weekend defeat.
The chance of a Grand Slam looked like slipping away before Sexton grabbed hold of the ball 40 yards out.
The number 10 delivered a mammoth kick that sailed between the posts, delivering an unforgettable win and causing scenes of pandemonium amongst their team-mates.
You can relive the moment over and over again below.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
It was towards the end of September when our spies caught on camera a rather mysterious S-Class that had modified wheel arches (see attached gallery below) and now another similar vehicle has been spotted. Seen in Germany in the company of three other Mercedes test vehicles sitting on a car trailer, the car in question looked virtually the same as the current W222 generation in the S500 flavor, but with add-ons slapped onto the front and rear fenders using rivets.
One plausible scenario is that we are actually dealing with an early sign of the next S-Class due to come out likely at the end of the decade, possibly with wider tracks as evidenced by the modifications implemented on this car. Another possible clue that might reveal the car's true identity can be found by looking at the wheels as there seems to be a significant gap around both front and rear wheels, which may or may not indicate Mercedes is using the car to test a suspension system.
Latest spy video comes only a few months after a mild refresh applied to the current-gen model and goes to show engineers are not taking any breaks. There's always room for improvements in the car industry, even when dealing with one of the most technologically advanced models money can buy. With the next-gen being at least a couple of years away, it goes without saying details are scarce right now about what Mercedes has in tow for the W223.
Even so, we've heard through the grapevine the long-wheelbase sedan will adopt the front and rear styling of the coupe to give birth to a four-door SEC with a heavily raked roof, but nothing is official at this point. What we do know for sure is that Mercedes is putting the S-Class on a strict diet by making a more generous use of carbon fiber reinforced plastic (CFRP) and aluminum to shave off weight and consequently boost efficiency.
With autonomous driving technologies being all the rage these days, expect the S-Class to get a level 3-compatible system to rival Audi's new A8 technological tour de force.
SJP EMBRACES GILT: Sarah Jessica Parker and Gilt hosted a cocktail party at the Serge Normant Salon Monday night to introduce SJP by Sarah Jessica Bridal, exclusively for Gilt. As models posed in the bridal looks, Parker spoke to guests about the collection and their inspiration.
The collection is based on Parker's vision of a modern, non-traditional bride. They explained that many of the looks were “conventional” and designed for different wedding milestones, taking the bride from their bridal shower to their wedding reception and beyond. There are classic dresses and gowns, along with modern bodysuits, full skirts and a jumpsuit, in bridal white, black, blush, poppy, light gray and blue, as reported. Prices range from $295 to $2,395, and sizes go from extra small to large and 0 to 14.
“I think there's a lot about these that are conventional silhouettes. I've got no business designing wedding dresses, I think that would be fraudulent, and diminishing the people who have been doing it for a really long time. That's serious business. People work years and years and years to build those businesses, and really have to understand draping, foundations. That's a massive undertaking. I'm not a designer and I don't have those skills, but I have ideas and dreams. I knew I wanted something that felt modern and felt [like] there was life in it beyond that day,” said Parker, who was dressed in tight jeans, silver sparkly SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker shoes and a black top. Fifteen exclusive styles of Parker's footwear, which complement the bridal collection, are also being offered on Gilt's site, ranging from $350 to $485.
Parker, who said they wore a black Morgane Le Fay dress to their own wedding to Matthew Broderick in 1997, said they wanted to offer pieces for all sizes, shapes, backgrounds and ethnicities.
Asked whether they feel brides are doing more of their own thing when it comes to their wedding attire, they said, “Yes. I have friends who've gotten married at City Hall. People have all kinds of ideas of romance and sentiment. The more we embrace all our differences and encourage women to be themselves and to tell their own story…If they want to wear a poppy satin shoe on their wedding day, so be it, or they want to wear Converse high-tops, so be it,” they said.
And speaking of footwear, Parker's business partner, George Malkemus III, said SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker will open a permanent 1,100-square foot store at the South Street Seaport in New York at the end of June.
Fairfax, Virginia (webnewswire) July 3, 2018 – 321 Web Marketing, a Northern Virginia digital marketing agency, recently published a blog post explaining the importance of the marketing research process. This process is essential to creating a marketing campaign that accurately targets the correct audience and broadcasts an effective message to that audience.
Marketing campaigns that are not backed by proper research can be expensive mistakes. They may fail to reach the company's preferred audience by being too broad in their scope. These campaigns may also lack a focused message, making it difficult for consumers to get the information they need to differentiate the company from the competition. As a result, the company's blog posts, ads, and other marketing materials will not be memorable or visible enough to provide any benefit to the company.
The marketing research process consists of five steps. First, a marketer will perform competitor research to understand what other businesses in the industry are selling and how they are marketing these goods or services. Then, they will conduct extensive keyword research to determine what keywords consumers are using to search for the information they need to make purchasing decisions. That information will help the marketer identify the most valuable keyword targets, allowing them to begin constructing a marketing campaign around those keywords. They will also establish a target audience for the campaign to determine the best way to deliver the message, such as which social media platforms to use or how to word the marketing copy. Finally, marketers perform data analysis to collect information about the campaign's effectiveness after it has been launched, allowing them to make changes to the campaign if necessary to attract more leads.
321 Web Marketing conducts thorough marketing research for each of its clients to create effective marketing campaigns. The agency works with companies of all sizes, from independent shops to national businesses, and specializes in creating campaigns that target the local market. 321 Web Marketing promises to provide a steady stream of qualified leads each day within six months of launching a marketing campaign.
Speak to a professional digital marketing agency for more information about the marketing research process and to learn how you can get free market research for your company. 321 Web Marketing can be reached at 703-810-7557, or online at https://www.321webmarketing.com/. The agency is headquartered at 3925 Old Lee Highway Suite 53-C, Fairfax, VA 22030.
###
AFTER a roaring success last year, igloos are back at Pier One Sydney Harbour and this time, they're even more luxurious.
Not only can you snuggle up with cocktails and canapés while enjoying winter sunsets under the stars overlooking Sydney Harbour, this year your can book a Hot Tub Igloo and Private Igloo Suite.
RELATED NEWS:
CHEERS SYDNEY: WHY DRINKS ARE ON JUSTINE HEMMES THIS MONTH
SYDNEY'S BEST HAPPY HOUR DEALS
Kitted out Scandi style, there's even a special menu featuring winter treats to warm you right up including toasties, hot pies and soups, naturally.
Camera Icon Pier One Igloos on The Pier. Picture: Supplied, Jacquie Manning
Available until August 31, walk-ins will be accepted but bookings are recommended.
Options range from small igloos seating six (or 10 cocktail style) or large igloos seating 8 (or 15 cocktail style). Each has a time limit and minimum spend.
RELATED NEWS:
JUSTIN HEMMES, 49 PER CENT OFF DRINKS AT 37 VENUES
The Hot Tub Igloo can be booked for up to six people and includes towels, robes, slippers and access to a change room.
If you're after something more intimate, the private igloo suite will let you host your own private Igloo party for up to eight friends, lit up and styled for the occasion.
Two guests will stay overnight in a beautiful Harbour View Balcony Suite with views of Sydney Harbour and Walsh Bay.
For more details or to book, visit Pier One Sydney.
MORE: Get a new Samsung Tablet when you take this 12 month digital subscription to the Daily Telegraph. Conditions apply.
When Robin Steinberg and David Feige were public defenders in New York, they saw thousands of clients — often poor people of color — stuck in jail because they couldn't make bail for minor offenses. They started the Bronx Freedom Fund to pay that bail and help people stay in their jobs and with their families while awaiting their day in court. Now they're going national with The Bail Project. We talked with the husband-and-wife team about the economics of criminal justice reform. First though, this week's news fixations: the bond market and (yes, more!) privacy on Facebook.
THE PEOPLE'S PIKACHU Your Dreams Have Come True: Here's Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson Dressed Up In A Pikachu Costume
You ever see something online and go "yes, this is just so, so so right"? That's this video. That's always been this video.
Philadelphia will have yet another reason to celebrate the Eagles' first-ever Super Bowl win next month.
Mural Arts is hosting a dedication ceremony May 8 for a new Super Bowl mural outside of Spike's Trophies along Grant Avenue in the Northeast. The dedication is expected to bring out former Philadelphia Eagles Brian Dawkins and Brian Baldinger, as well as radio announcer Merrill Reese and sports writer Ray Didinger.
David McShane, the artist behind the mural, said the work is an extension of the “City of Champions” mural they made in 2015, which is on the other side of Spike's Trophies and commemorates Philly's championship teams and some beloved athletes. McShane also created the Phillies mural by the Walnut Street Bridge,
“Whenever there's sports-related thing, I always feel very honored to be able to represent the whole city,” they said.
But when McShane created the champions mural a few years ago, they couldn't peer into the future and therefore didn't leave any room for when the Eagles brought home their first Lombardi trophy in February.
McShane said that the night of the Super Bowl, Spike's Trophies CEO Keith Baldwin sent them a text asking about an addition. After talking with Mural Arts, the gears were set in motion for the work that features Super Bowl MVP Nick Foles, the Philly Special, and even Jason Kelce in a Mummers costume. The mural was installed earlier this month.
The new #MuralArtsPhiladelphia Program's "Super Bowl" Mural was installed today! The official Ribbon cutting Ceremony… Posted by Spike's Trophies Limited on Friday, April 13, 2018
The Super Bowl mural takes up just part of the wall outside Spike's for a reason. McShane hopes to add other winning moments in the future.
The mural will be “added to and changed over time as the city's sports teams change over time,” they said.
The public dedication ceremony will take place at 1 p.m. May 8. More details about the dedication event should be available later this week.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
HONG KONG — A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Malaysian police said.
They were detained Wednesday at Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur International Airport 2 carrying a Vietnamese travel document.
Earlier, South Korea's intelligence committee said two Asian women were suspected of murdering Kim Jong Nam, who died soon after being attacked at the same airport.
Investigators are awaiting the results of an autopsy on their body.
Kim is believed to have been poisoned, South Korea's National Assembly Intelligence Committee Chairman Lee Cheol Woo told a press briefing Wednesday.
Lee did not say how Kim was poisoned or how South Korea obtained the information. According to CNN's Will Ripley, who is in Pyongyang, Kim's death has not been publicized in North Korea and is unlikely to be, given political sensitivities.
Kim was boarding a flight to the island of Macau, a Chinese territory, to visit their family when they were attacked, Lee said.
Kim went to the counter at KLIA asking for help, the Royal Malaysian Police said in a statement.
A Malaysian official told CNN that the man was then taken to an airport clinic, which decided to send them to the hospital. They died en route.
“The deceased … felt like someone grabbed or held their face from behind,” Selangor State Criminal Investigations Department Chief Fadzil Ahmat told Reuters.
South Korea's Unification Ministry said Wednesday it was working with Malaysian authorities, while the country's acting President and Prime Minister discussed the death at a National Security Council meeting.
The North Korean embassy in Malaysia said they had no information about Kim's death when contacted by CNN, but a car with a North Korean flag on it was seen entering the hospital mortuary where Kim's body is believed to be.
Unsubstantiated reports
Numerous unsubstantiated reports of how Kim was attacked have been circulated but Malaysian police are providing few details.
The Malaysian inspector general of police said in a news release Tuesday the deceased North Korean man was traveling with a passport bearing the name Kim Chol.
Kim, who was in their mid-40s, had a reputation for traveling on fake passports — it may have even been tied to their fall from grace in their home country.
While Kim was the most public of all Kim Jong Il's sons before their half-brother Kim Jong-un took power, it was reported they lost favor with their father after they used a forged document to try to visit Tokyo Disneyland in 2001.
Their absence from their father's funeral in 2011 fueled earlier rumors that they had been banished from North Korea.
North Korean playboy
Kim Jong Nam was the son of Kim Jong Il and Song Hye Rim, one of their favored mistresses.
They had a different mother to North Korea's current leader Kim Jong-un, their father's youngest son, who was born to another mistress, Ko Yong Hui.
Kim Jong Nam didn't believe their brother had the ability to properly lead North Korea, according to author Yoji Gomi who wrote the 2012 book “My Father, Kim Jong Il, and Me.”
But they never actually met their Kim Jong-un, due to the North Korean practice of raising potential successors separately.
After their departure from North Korea, the older Kim made their name for being an overweight and careless playboy, who was also willing to speak out about their family.
“He spoke out against their father's ‘military first' policy,” Gomi told CNN in 2012. “He wants North Korea to embrace economic reform and open its doors.”
Russia and China signed a contract on the delivery of 24 Russian Sukhoi Su-35 aircraft, estimated to be worth $2 billion, in 2015.
The S-35 is a 4++ generation, twin-engine, highly maneuverable multirole fighter jet. It has a maximum speed of 1,553 mph (2,500 kmh) with advanced dry thrust and afterburner capabilities that enhance the aircraft's dogfighting maneuverability and semi-stealth design that makes it possibly the most lethal fighter jet in the sky.
The fighter jet is an upgraded version of the Su-27 multirole fighter. It was first introduced to a foreign audience at the 2013 Paris Air Show.
The Su-35 is Russia's top air-superiority fighter, until the fifth-generation PAK-FA stealth fighter comes into production.
© AFP 2016/ JOHANNES EISELE Russia to Deliver Su-35 Fighter Jets to China on Schedule - Khabarovsk Territory Governor
According to the Chinese newspaper The People's Daily , the reason for such smooth procurement of the Su-35 for the Chinese military is the recent debut of the domestic-designed J-20 fifth-generation fighter.
Of course, the deal on delivering Su-35 jets to China was a result of close military and technical cooperation between Moscow and Beijing.
However, according to the newspaper, the Russian side expects that once the J-20 enters service with the Chinese armed forces the "Su-35 will soon lose its value in the Chinese market."
China unveiled two Chengdu J-20 stealth fighters at the Airshow China-2016 in Zhuhai in early-November. The aircraft was developed by Chengdu Aircraft Industry Corporation. The J-20 conducted its first test flight in early 2011.
© AP Photo/ Li Gang/Xinhua In this photo provided by China's Xinhua News Agency, the J-20 stealth fighter jet flies at the China's International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai on Tuesday, Nov. 1, 2016
According to Air Force Commander General Ma Xiaotian, China will not put the J-20 on the global market.
While the detailed specifications of the new jet have been kept secret, to all appearances the jets have been designed to match the stealth capabilities of fifth-generation fighter aircraft such as the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor and Russia's Sukhoi PAK FA.
However, military experts noted that another possible reason behind China's interest for the Su-35 is its engine, the AL-117S turbofan.
China has put much effort in developing its own turbofan akin to the Su-35's, known as the WS-10 turbofan, but it continues to underperform the Russian-made AL-117S. If Chinese engineers manage to reverse engineer the Russian technology they may be able to narrow the technological gap with Russia and the West.
An alleged child predator is off the streets. Taylor Kilgore, 21, is now in the Canadian County jail for trying to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex.
Canadian County Sheriff Chris West says Kilgore does not have a car of their own, but they were so intent on hooking up with who they thought was a 14-year-old, that they bought an Uber ride to take them from Canadian County to southwest Oklahoma City.
West says Kilgore initiated the contact with one of their undercover deputies on Facebook last Wednesday. Within two days, West says Kilgore sent nude photos of themselves and tried to convince them to have sex with them and a friend.
Late Friday night, Kilgore invited the girl to their southwest Oklahoma City house, where their grandparents were peacefully sleeping. “He even says, ‘when we hook up at my house, which is actually my grandparents live here, if they ask you how old you are told them you're 18,” West describes, “so they know that it's wrong.”
When the Uber driver arrived in Canadian County, a team from the sheriff's office was waiting. The driver agreed to participate in the sting and the undercover deputy hopped inside while the rest followed.
West says, “When we get to Kilgore's house, he's anxiously waiting out in the front yard. They can't wait for them to get there.”
West says Kilgore admitted to their crimes once they were busted, leaving their grandparents dismayed and disappointed that they essentially ruined their chances at a successful future. “It doesn't matter if they're 18, 21 or 75, it's a shame that people get involved in this and they have these sick fantasies and they're actually willing to live them out,” says West.
That is why the sheriff urges parents, if your child has been in contact with Kilgore, please reach out to their office to report it so they can investigate. They say, “We know that we're doing good work protecting children, but it's just a sad situation that people throw their lives away.”
Kilgore was jailed on a $50,000 bond. Their grandparents have not yet bailed them out.
TAIPEI Fubon Financial Holding Co (2881.TW) is planning to take a cash offer for its entire stake in Delta Lloyd (DLL.AS) from NN Group (NN.AS) amid concerns about the outlook for the two Dutch insurers' merger.
The move follows Delta Lloyd's agreement to be taken over by its larger rival NN, after NN nudged up its earlier unsolicited offer by 1.9 percent to 2.5 billion euros ($2.61 billion).
Fubon, the parent company of Taiwan's second-biggest life insurer, said it would accept the offer even though it would result in a loss of about 90 million euros. "The synergies remain unknown as NN Group faces the uncertainty of problems associated with completing the merger," it said in a statement late on Thursday.
"So we'd like to cash in our stake now to avoid that uncertainty."
Fubon is a major stake-holder of Delta Lloyd, although the company declined to say exactly how many shares it owned.
Delta Lloyd missed market forecasts in February for its full-year profit and said its solvency had fallen towards the bottom of its target range.
Fubon stocks were down 0.6 percent at about 0325 GMT, trailing the broader market's .TWII 0.1 percent dip.
(Reporting by Faith Hung; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Courtesy of The CW
Jane the Virgin this Friday whipped up 670,000 total viewers and a 0.3 demo rating, holding steady in audience week-to-week while ticking up a tenth in the demo.
Opening The CW's night, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (660K/0.2) was steady.
Elsewhere….
NBC | Blindspot (3.3 mil/0.6) was steady, while Taken (2.5 mil/0.4) dropped 20 percent to new series lows.
CBS | MacGyver (7.2 mil/0.9) dipped, while a steady Hawaii Five-0 (8.5 mil/1.0) and Blue Bloods (9.2 mil/0.9) respectively led the night in the demo and in total audience.
ABC | Child Support (3.9 mil/0.7) and Agents of SHIELD (2.2 mil/0.6) were steady.
FOX | Hell's Kitchen (3.3 mil/0.9) was flat with its finale.
Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
We all know Uranus has long been the butt of many jokes, and it doesn't seem like the planet is going to be getting any slack now: a team of British researchers has revealed that it reeks of fart fumes.
The findings, published recently in the Nature Astronomy journal, reveal that Uranus' upper atmosphere smells like rotten eggs, the signature scent of the colorless, flammable hydrogen sulfide gas it is made up of.
© Sputnik / Alina Polyanina Planetesimal: Scientists Find Traces of a Long-Dead Planet
"If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus' cloud, they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions," one of the report's authors, Patrick Irwin, told BBC recently.
But of course, the smell's not the worst of the Uranus experience. "Suffocation and exposure in the negative 200 degrees Celsius [minus 328 degrees Fahrenheit] atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium and methane would take its toll long before the smell," Irwin added. Chances are, no one could live long enough to actually get a whiff of Uranus' stinkiness.
The researchers detected the foul smells — er, chemical composition — using the Near-Infrared Integral Field Spectrometer (NIFS) of Hawaii's Gemini North telescope, which sits on the Mauna Kea volcano in Hawaii.
The scientists used the 26.5-foot telescope to examine samples of reflected sunlight from Uranus' high atmosphere, which showed that hydrogen sulfide had absorbed some wavelengths from the sun.
According to Leigh Fletcher, a senior research fellow in planetary science at the University of Leicester in England and co-author of the study, the hydrogen sulfide composition in the upper atmosphere of Uranus is different than that of Jupiter and Saturn, where ammonia is present in large amounts instead.
Well done patios add a beautiful appeal to your outdoors.When you want one to be done for your outdoor area you can check out for American design and contracting firm that has years of experience in doing all the outdoor exteriors to enhance the appeal and value of their customer homes.They offer a portfolio of services right from the designing and installation of patios, retaining walls, walkways, staircases, driveways, fire pits, landscaping etc that would truly add a wonderful look to your exteriors that would offer the best impression about your property and its value. You can avail their services for Brick Patios Schenectady, NY where they come in to understand your requirements and accordingly offer the best solution. The patios to the pool area or the outdoor area surely adds a wonderful ambiance to spend time outdoors. The professionally done patios can no doubt enhance the overall look of your outdoor area. The company comes up with various designs and patterns to do the patios with a variety of materials that can add a unique touch to your patio.
You can find the patios that can be done in bricks which is generally used to create a variety of patterns quite easily within limited budget. Bricks add a rustic and beautiful look to your patios. Similarly, many more materials can also be used to do the patio work. However, if you have limited budget for the outdoor exteriors you can check out for the Stamped concreted Schenectady, NY services from the American design and contracting firm for cost effective solutions. This is because the stamped concrete can be used to recreate the look and feel of a variety of materials like bricks, slate, stone, tile, wood and many more that can be done within limited budget. However, this job requires lot of experience and expertise for which reason you should avail the American design and contracting firm who has certified interlocking pave instructors to do the job with a professional touch. The company is also a member on BBB, NCMA and also ICPI which itself speaks for the quality and competence of the company to take up the patio works.
As you contact them they shall visit your home and offer a quote based on the requirements and the ft area to do the patios. They only use best quality materials and offer a warranty on their services to win 100% customer satisfaction.
Are you searching for the Stamped concrete Clifton Park, NY? Then, you have landed to the right place. Adcmason is now offering the variety of designs, patterns and colors of stamped concrete in Clifton Park, Saratoga, Albany, Schenectady, Greenbush and Rensselear NY. For more details about please visit us at http://adcmason.com/
Address:
American Design & Contracting LLC
For Free Estimates:
518 365 3341
ADCMason@gmail.com
Physical:
127 VFW Drive
Albany
12205
New York
USA
+1 518-365-3341
Mailing:
103 Halfmoon Drive Altamont
12009
Is Willie Rioli's highlights good enough to earn them a debut with the Eagles?
Is Willie Rioli's highlights good enough to earn them a debut with the Eagles?
Growing up without a brother was never a problem for Willie Rioli.
Rioli has two sisters and more than 40 cousins so it was never hard to find someone to kick a footy with.
“Even my sisters kicked the ball. My older sister, I used to make them my speccy bag actually,” they said. “I used to tell them to sit in front of the TV while the footy was on. My dad used to throw the ball up for me. It was funny.”
Born with strong footy bloodlines on both sides of their family, ‘Junior' might have appeared destined for a career at the top level. But as they close in on a likely AFL debut early this season, Rioli's journey from the Tiwi Islands to Perth's sparkling new Optus Stadium has been anything but straightforward.
Having lived in four States as they chased their footy dream, the theme that runs through Rioli's story is their ability to adapt.
Asked what an AFL debut would mean to him, Rioli answers by explaining what it would mean for those around him, in particular their parents Willie Sr and Georgina.
“Everything I do now is for my family back home,” they said.
“All the hard work my mum and dad did to keep me away to make a name for myself, I guess it would be a reward and relief for them. For my family.”
Rioli grew up here, there and everywhere. Their time in the Northern Territory was split between the Tiwi Islands and Darwin, while they spent time in various parts of country Victoria during the southern footy season as well depending on where their father was playing.
It's clear from their voice that their true home is on the Tiwis, and more specifically the remarkable outpost of Pirlangimpi. The community of fewer than 400 people has produced three Norm Smith medallists and more quality footballers than you can count.
Rioli describes life growing up on the Tiwis as “footy madness”. “It's something I'll cherish for ever, growing up in that small community. We never had a lot of things growing up and footy was the main thing that kept us out of trouble and away from all the bad stuff I guess,” they said.
“Everyone from a young age loves footy, the women as well love their footy. I can't explain it. You have to go up there and witness it for yourself and when you do you get to know why Tiwi Islands is so special and so unique.”
Adam Simpson spent time in the Tiwi Islands with Willie Rioli. Picture: West Coast Eagles
Rioli grew up barracking for Essendon, Geelong and Adelaide, which sounds strange until you realise it makes perfect sense.
The Tiwi islanders support their own and cousin Dean Rioli was at the Bombers and another cousin Ronnie Burns, from their mother's side, played for the Cats and Crows.
“Everyone up there is all related somehow and definitely when anyone from there gets drafted and plays footy, everyone back home is really emotional about it and proud because they know where you've come from,” they said.
Just imagine the celebrations on November 25, 2016 when Rioli had their name called out by West Coast with pick 52 in the national draft.
Five years earlier, they were lying in a Darwin hospital in an induced coma.
In early 2012, Rioli spent nine days in a coma and was on life support for two days after contracting a serious pneumonia-related virus as a 16-year-old. They spent more than a month in hospital and the ordeal was meant to kill off their footy aspirations. The small forward still requires a needle once a month and will do so throughout their AFL career.
“It's something I don't tell a lot of people. I was sick. Very sick,” they said. “One day we went out shooting and I was walking through this swamp. I remember that day getting back and we had the old legends day game back home in the community.
“I remember playing footy, got through that, and then I remember going home that afternoon and it was 38C and I was wrapped up in a doona.
“I remember going to the clinic that afternoon and next thing I was (flown to hospital) in Darwin. All the family said it was pretty intense.”
While Rioli's loved ones endured a period of uncertainty, the teenager was oblivious to it. “I remember just waking up nine days later and it felt like I blinked my eye and opened it,” they said.
“I had all my family next to me and they said ‘do you know how long you've been out for?' and I was like ‘nah'.
Willie Rioli has fast become a popular member of the Eagles.
“They said I was out for nine days. I remember I was busting to go to the toilet and I went to get up and go to the bathroom and my legs were jelly. I couldn't walk. It took me a few days to get back walking again.”
Just over a year after being told their footy dream was over, Rioli was celebrating their first senior premiership with St Mary's in the Northern Territory Football League. They starred with five goals and at 17, became the youngest winner of the Chaney Medal as best on ground in an NTFL grand final.
“I remember hearing the doctors say I couldn't play footy again for a while, probably ever again they said,” Rioli said. “To win a premiership that year meant the world to me. Looking back at it, I definitely said I want to use it as a motivation.”
That was a day of triumph and until they were drafted, perhaps the greatest day of their life.
But tragedy has been an all too common companion as well.
Having already lost their famous uncle Maurice Rioli — a champion with South Fremantle and Richmond — to a heart attack on Christmas Day in 2010, another significant turning point came in August 2012 when another uncle, NT footy great Tony Vigona, was killed in a car accident.
“They were my two closest uncles I reckon,” they said.
It prompted Rioli to return to Darwin from boarding school in Melbourne, before they would come to Perth the following year.
They completed school at Clontarf and continued their family's long association with South Fremantle, where they played colts and reserves.
Having spent their high school years in faraway Melbourne and Perth, a yearning for home won out after they were overlooked in the 2013 national draft.
Willie Rioli is primed for a big 2018. Picture: The West Australian
“I got sent to boarding school as soon as I got to high school, so when I finished Year 12 I just wanted to get back home and have a gap year really,” they said.
“I kind of regret not coming back to South the year after, because all the guys I played with at colts got drafted that year and I reckon I could have been one of those guys if I stuck down here and did a full pre-season.”
It was a time for self-reflection and the time Rioli came to understand that dazzling skill and a famous surname weren't enough.
“When I missed out on my first draft, that's kind of when everything really hit me. My dad spoke to me about people that work hard and how people that do the unrewarded stuff, get rewarded,” they said.
“I was one of those kids that thought my name was going to help me get there.
“Because of my name and because I was playing good school footy, I kind of thought it was going to happen easy.
“After I missed out (I realised) my name doesn't mean a free ticket or anything. It's about me doing the work as well. That's the drive my dad's given me.”
The trigger for Rioli's eventual drafting into the AFL came three years ago, when they decided, on the urging of their father, to move to Adelaide and play in the SANFL with Glenelg.
Willie Rioli played a good first half for East Perth before having to come off The West Australian Willie Rioli played a good first half for East Perth before having to come off
“I wasn't expecting too much. I thought me getting drafted was past,” they said.
“I was sleeping on my coach's couch for two months. I didn't get a contract until the week before round one.”
Rioli had an offer from the Bulldogs to play in the WAFL in 2015 but was wary of taking a short-cut at a club where their family name was footy royalty.
“If I came to South Freo I guess my name would have helped me get a game I reckon,” they said.
“But when I went to Adelaide no one cared who I was. I wanted to earn a game. My goal was to be the first Rioli to play in the SANFL.”
Being the latest in a long line of players to carry their bloodline to the top level is something that now sits comfortably with the young father, who has 10-month-old son Martin with partner Lucy.
The path that was blazed in decades past has been lit again more recently by their cousins Cyril Rioli at Hawthorn and Daniel Rioli at Richmond, both premiership players.
“The pressure thing doesn't get to me. I'm lucky I've got a good support group around me, my mum and dad, my partner, my son, my hosties down here. The name doesn't get to me,” they said. “I just go out there to perform and help my team and if I'm doing all that and I'm having fun, the name thing doesn't worry me. My name could be William someone else, I still wouldn't go out there and play any other way.”
They have in effect come full circle, because as a child they had no understanding of the lofty place the Rioli name held in Aussie Rules culture anyway.
Maurice might have been a superstar but back on the Tiwis they were just Uncle Maurice. “Until I came down to Perth and my Uncle Maurice came down and there were people at the airport taking photos of him, I didn't know really how big of a name my family was,” they said.
For all of their fond memories of life on the Tiwis, Rioli is adamant the call to fulfil their destiny at the Eagles is stronger than any call home.
“Home will always be home. Tiwi, I don't think it will go anywhere unless it goes underwater,” they said. “I enjoy living away. I'm blessed to be living this life and I get to go back there on holidays.
Willie Rioli at training this week. Picture: Simon Santi
“Coming from a small community, I don't take anything for granted. Being in this environment, it's something I know every other indigenous kid is wishing they could be doing. So I definitely treat every day like it's your last day.”
Footy Tiwi style might be a world away from the training demands of the modern AFL, however it was the simple beauty of the Tiwis where Rioli laid the platform for their strong summer on the track.
Blessed with extraordinary skill and flair but hindered by troublesome hamstrings they describe as the Rioli curse, their weight had ballooned throughout last season after a serious hamstring tear which they later re-injured.
Even before they were drafted, their weight had been a major barrier to them achieving their potential. Having once ballooned to as much as 98kg, they say he's now down to about 78kg after shedding the weight they put on during an injury-riddled first year on West Coast's list.
Rioli knew the players' eight-week break was a time they needed to use for work rather than rest and they lost about 7kg running in humid conditions following the end of last season.
Their regular workout was a 4km run along a gravel road to a popular local swimming hole. As a child, they used to complete the run barefoot.
Life on the Tiwis was something they were thrilled to share with West Coast coach Adam Simpson, forwards coach Jaymie Graham and their respective sons Owen and Hudson when the quartet joined them for a week back home last October.
Rioli said they were surprised when Simpson and Graham first approached them and said they wanted to go up there with him.
“Not many coaches do that, go up to an indigenous person's place to get to know them and live with your family for a week,” they said.
“To have someone that means a lot to your footy world come up to the Tiwi Islands was pretty special. Not just for me, but for my family back home.
“I've gotten so close to Simmo and JG, for them to come up and do that. They've definitely helped me and pushed me towards getting a game this year.”
Rioli said their father had always respected Simpson as a footballer during their 306-game North Melbourne career and seeing their coach and dad having a laugh together was a highlight.
For Simpson, the trip was a chance to learn about not only Rioli's renowned footballing heritage, but to gain an understanding of the quantum leap between footy being a passion and a profession.
“It's very unique up there, it's a beautiful place,” Simpson said.
“(It gave me) more appreciation of where the guy's come from when they come from such a remote area, about how to fit in and get into a professional organisation.
“So it's a pretty big step, but he's done it really well this season and they haven't missed a beat.”
LINGAYEN, Pangasinan: Police in Mabini and Santa Maria towns reported two drowning victims on Sunday. The victims were identified as Jose Nacional-Supangan, 18, of Sitio Cuala in Barangay Tagudin, Mabini and Noel Vino, 49, of Poblacion in Balungao town. Supangan tried to cross the Balincaguing river in Poblacion by swimming when they drowned, according to their companion only identified as Tomas who called for help from residents. Rescuers recovered Supangan's body several minutes later. In Santa Maria town, Vino who was under the influence of liquor, swam in the Agno river and failed to return. Their body was recovered three hours later in a deep portion of the river.
We're kicking off 2017 with a series profiling some of our reporters through three questions. Senior reporter Kate McGee is up first.
Kate, who joined KUT in March 2013, reports on education, covering the Austin Independent School District, public and higher education in Texas. They got their public radio start at Fordham University's WFUV. Them voice has been heard on the East and West coasts as a reporter and producer for WNYC and KUNR in Reno, Nevada. They have also appeared on NPR's Morning Edition, “All Things Considered,” “The Takeaway” and more. In their spare time, Kate enjoys discovering new music, traveling and trying local beers.
Say hello to Kate on Twitter @KUTMcGee
Three questions with Kate McGee, senior reporter, education
What are you listening to these days?
I've listened to a lot more “On The Media” since the election (If you haven't listened to the episode from the day after the election, check it out). I also listen to a lot of education stories, including this recent CodeSwitch podcast episode about desegregation and busing.
When it comes to music, I tend to hear a song or album I love and listen to it ad nauseum (Tame Impala, Lorde, anything by Drake). But I recently discovered the hauntingly beautiful song, “The Kiss,” by Judee Sill. When I'm not listening to that, I'm cycling through music featured on the new HBO show, “Insecure.”
Read anything interesting lately?
The “New York Times” produced a really amazing interactive piece about the anti-drug campaign in the Philippines that's resulted in dozens of homicides at the hands of police. The photos and surveillance videos are especially grabbing.
I'm also reading The Sellout by Paul Beatty, but I've told anyone who will listen to read “Americanah” by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. They became famous in the mainstream a few years ago when Beyonce sampled part of their essay, “We Should All Be Feminists.” “Americanah” is one of the most beautifully written stories that I've read in a while.
What are you loving about the ATX lately?
Now that's a bit colder, I'm all about warm food. I love Wu Chow's soup dumplings and I eat chicken tom kha from Titaya's on North Lamar at least once a week. I hate to admit it, but I also love that it's winter break at UT. The campus is really peaceful, and it's also just much easier to find a parking spot!
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and the Cincinnati Reds rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-4 on Wednesday.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Comments
comments
In our January 2017 issue of Goldmine, you can read Warren Kurtz's full-page feature on Jack Tempchin.  They are the songwriter of the Eagles' “Peaceful Easy Feeling” and co-writer of “Already Gone” and most of Glenn Frey's solo songs. On their new CD “One More Song,” Jack Tempchin brings their soothing, deep voice to a dozen of their compositions, including “Slow Dancing,” which was a Top 10 gold single for Johnny Rivers and “One More Song,” the title song from Randy Meisner's most successful solo album. “Still Looking for a Way to Say Goodbye” is heartfelt and with a stunning piano backdrop from fellow San Diego musician Joel Piper. A catchy melody carries “Song for You” along while Joel Piper switches to acoustic guitar. Violinist Jessy Greene is featured on a live recording of “Tumbleweed.” The CD, from Blue Elan records, is relaxing with an enjoyable coffeehouse sound.
All you have to do to enter is put your email address in the box below by January 31 11:59 p.m. You will be immediately entered into the Giveaway and as a bonus you will receive Goldmine's informative weekly eNewsletter (collecting news/tips and exclusive articles and interviews with your favorite classic artists). We will randomly draw a winner from the entrants on January 30. We have two CDs to give away, so your chances are doubled.
NEW YORK (AP) - It was a record day for the UConn Huskies and a banner opening round for double-digit seeds.
The top-seeded Huskies rolled to a half dozen new records in the 140-52 win over Saint Francis (Pa.) that got the second day of the opening round started. UConn set a record for points in a tournament game and all-time NCAA records for points in a period (55 in the first) and a half (94 in the first). And UConn's 88-point margin of victory was the second-biggest in tournament history. Baylor beat Texas Southern by 89 in the 2017 tournament.
The previous record for points in a tournament game was 121. The previous mark for points in a half was 80 and for a quarter was 45.
"I don't think I've ever been involved in anything quite like that. That was quite different than anything I've experienced either in the regular season or the NCAA Tournament," UConn coach Geno Auriemma said. "I thought we just took advantage of all the things that were available to us the entire game."
Saint Francis averaged nearly 81 points a game and played an up-tempo style they weren't going to change against UConn.
"There was only one chance that we would have had to come close in this game and that was going to be to shoot a million 3s and hope that they go in," Saint Francis coach Joe Haigh said. "So, we shot a million 3s and we didn't make them."
While the NEC representative fell, six double-digit seeds advance to the second round for the first time since 2000. Only one of those teams that year made it to the Sweet 16.
Here are other tidbits from the Saturday's first round games:
WELCOME BACK MAC: The Mid-American Conference had two teams in the NCAAs for the first time since 1996 and both came away victorious on Saturday. Buffalo and Central Michigan were both 11 seeds and knocked off South Florida and LSU. It was the first NCAA wins for both programs and the first victory for a MAC team since 2009, when Ball State upended Tennessee. Two years earlier Bowling Green reached the Sweet 16.
"It is so valuable to the conference if two or three of us can continue on. We are changing the trajectory of how they see the conference. Right before I came out to coach, I texted Sue Guevara and congratulated them and they said, 'It's your turn now; make us proud,'" Buffalo coach Felisha Legette-Jack said. "And we're trying to build something. We're trying to change something. We're just trying to have a chance to be significant."
"Why not us? Why not now?" Legette-Jack said.
GOT THEIR NUMBER: Quinnipiac upset Miami for the second consecutive year, beating the Hurricanes 86-72. The Bobcats also topped the Hurricanes last year in Miami in the second round to advance to the Sweet 16. Quinnipiac's reward is a matchup with in-state neighbor UConn.
"We'll be ready to have a really good one on Monday night. It'll be fun," Quinnipiac coach Tricia Fabbri said. "As a coach, he's legendary and their staff and their players. We get to match wits, see what we can do. What can we come up with? How do we want to go and approach? And our players' mentality of again, when you want to be the best you have to beat the best and boy are we going to see this Monday night."
STILL O-FER: The 14 and 15 seeds in women's basketball still are winless after all eight of them lost in the opening round. Each seed has lost 100 games. They might be able to take some solace from the men's tournament where UMBC became the first 16-seed ever to top a No. 1 on Friday night.
11 ALIVE: After going winless the past two seasons, three 11-seeds advanced to the second round. Creighton joined the two MAC schools and kept the Big East unbeaten with all four of the conference's teams advancing out of the first round. It's the first time since 2011 that the Big East had four wins in the opening round.
___
AP Sports Writers Pat Eaton-Robb and Joe Reedy contributed to this report.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on the explosion in a New York City subway passageway (all times local):
3 p.m.
A White House spokesperson says a pipe bomb explosion in New York City's subway system shows the need for “immigration reform.”
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Congress should work with the president, stressing the need to “protect our borders” and calling for a “merit-based” immigration system.
Authorities say a man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a pipe bomb strapped to their body in a subway corridor near Times Square, injuring themselves and wounding three others.
Law enforcement officials say the man came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago with a type of preferential visa for people with relatives who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
___
2:15 p.m.
The suspect in a pipe bomb explosion in New York City's subway system at one point had a license to drive livery cars and for-hire vehicles.
Authorities have identified the attacker as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. The blast in an underground subway corridor during the Monday morning rush hour injured three people, as well as Ullah.
New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission says records show they had a for-hire license from March 2012 through March 2015. It then expired and wasn't renewed. At the time, a for-hire license did not allow someone to drive one of the city's yellow taxis.
The TLC says there are no records to indicate if they actually used the license to work as a car driver.
___
1:45 p.m.
New York's governor says the suspect in a pipe bomb blast in New York City's subway system may have crafted the device from online instructions, and so far it doesn't appear to be part of a larger plot.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo told cable news channel NY1 that officials “have reason to believe that this person went to the internet and found out how to make a homemade bomb.”
Authorities identified the attacker as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Monday's explosion injured him, slightly wounded three other people and sent commuters fleeing in terror through a subway corridor near Times Square.
Cuomo says he's boosting security at high-profile spots statewide. The Democrat also suggests internet companies need to look at the access potential attackers have to what they call “garbage and vileness” online.
___
1:10 p.m.
Law enforcement is stepping up patrols at Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority train stations after a pipe bomb went off in a crowded subway corridor in New York City.
Boston police say that while there doesn't appear to be a specific threat to the area at this time, police are increasing their presence at major MBTA train stations.
MBTA Transit Police Superintendent Richard Sullivan says they contacted the Joint Terrorism Task Force and state and local law enforcement agencies in the wake of the Monday explosion.
Sullivan says additional EDU teams— bomb detecting dogs and their handlers —will be deployed through the system.
The crude pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Massachusetts State Police are monitoring the investigation
___
12:40 p.m.
Law enforcement officials say the 27-year-old man who set off a pipe bomb in the New York City subway came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago with a type of preferential visa for people with relatives who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
The officials say Akayed Ullah was living in Brooklyn. They say they told investigators Monday they were inspired by the Islamic State group to carry out an attack, but had no direct contact with the terror group. They say they are speaking with investigators from their hospital bed. The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands
Officials say they assembled the crude device in their apartment. Investigators are talking to witnesses and their family.
The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Bangladesh has been expanding its anti-terror operations after grisly attacks killed dozens of people.
Three others suffered minor injuries in the blast.
—By Colleen Long and Michael Balsamo.
___
Noon
The mayor of Paris is expressing support for New York City and those wounded in a pipe bomb explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area.
Mayor Anne Hidalgo said Monday that “New York has been by our side each time we have been hit by attacks and threats, and Paris is also by the side of New York.”
Hidalgo, whose city has been hit by multiple attacks in recent years, said they were thinking of New York Mayor Bill De Blasio after Monday's blast.
Speaking ahead of an international climate summit, they said “when something like that happens in one of our cities, we are all on alert.”
A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State Group went off in a crowded subway corridor, injuring the man and three others.
___
11:55 a.m.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says they have ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in their state following the pipe bomb explosion in a passageway near Times Square in Manhattan.
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service Monday into New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal.
New York City also has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
___
10:20 a.m.
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota (LOH'-tuh) says trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning. But they say overall service is back to normal.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
Police say they attached the device to their body with Velcro and zip ties.
— By Colleen Long
___
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if they meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say they sustained burns to their abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
— By Colleen Long
___
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to their body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say they are in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands.
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to them and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. They say it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve their ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
1 of 8 View Captions
(Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune) Mormon Women for Ethical Government, Salt Lake Indivisible and Action Utah members r... (Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune) Mormon Women for Ethical Government, Salt Lake Indivisible and Action Utah members r... (Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune) Mormon Women for Ethical Government, Salt Lake Indivisible and Action Utah members ... (Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune) Mormon Women for Ethical Government, Salt Lake Indivisible and Action Utah members s... (Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune) Mormon Women for Ethical Government, Salt Lake Indivisible and Action Utah members r... (Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune) "Tikva Pearl, a big supporter of the cause joins rally with owner Judi Hilman with S... (Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune) Mormon Women for Ethical Government, Salt Lake Indivisible and Action Utah members s... (Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune) Mormon Women for Ethical Government, Salt Lake Indivisible and Action Utah members ...
JONES MILLS, Pa. — A Pennsylvania man says they used flashing dashboard lights to mimic a police speed trap — but only so they could slow down vehicles speeding past their rural home and killing deer and endangering people.
Fifty-seven-year-old Ricky McMillen tells WPXI-TV (http://bit.ly/2z3i8zF ) that they used the flashing lights on their car because he's been complaining about speeders for years and getting few results. What they say they have gotten is very smelly deer carcasses along the road in Donegal Township, about 50 miles southeast of Pittsburgh.
State police charged McMillen on Thursday with impersonating a public servant and displaying improper lights.
McMillen says he's been using the lights for a while and they've worked well.
1. Which team has lost more Super Bowls? Julio Cortez/AP/Press Association Images Seattle Seahawks Paul Sancya/AP/Press Association Images New England Patriots
PA Buffalo Bills PA Denver Broncos
2. Which team won Super Bowl I in 1967? DAVID PHILLIP/AP/Press Association Images Kansas City Chiefs Baltimore Colts
Green Bay Packers Oakland Raiders
3. Which of these coaches did not also win the Super Bowl as a player? PA Mike Ditka Tony Dungy
Bill Belichick Tom Flores
4. What two teams were playing when the lights went out in the New Orleans Superdome in 2013? Marcio Sanchez/AP/Press Association Images New York Giants and New England Patriots San Francisco 49ers and Baltimore Ravens
Pittsburgh Steelers and Arizona Cardinals Baltimore Ravens and New Orleans Saints
5. What is this particular play known as? Charlie Riedel/AP/Press Association Images The Harrison Hustle The Helmet Catch
Eli's Escape The Tuck Rule
6. Which of these franchises has never won a Super Bowl? Jeff Haynes/AP/Press Association Images Atlanta Falcons Julio Cortez/AP/Press Association Images New York Jets
Seth Perlman/AP/Press Association Images St Louis/LA Rams Andrew Matthews/EMPICS Sport Tampa Bay Buccaneers
7. To the nearest a million, what was the average US TV audience for Super Bowl LI in 2017? PA 72 million 111 million
128 million 150 million
8. The Pittsburgh Steelers have won more Super Bowls than any other franchise - but how many have they won? AP/Press Association Images 4 (four) AP/Press Association Images 5 (five)
CAROLYN KASTER/AP 6 (Six) Charlie Riedel/AP/Press Association Images 7 (seven)
9. The Patriots are going for back-to-back Super Bowl wins. Which franchise was the last to successfully defend their title? DAVID ZALUBOWSKI/AP Pittsburgh Steelers Dave Martin/AP/Press Association Images New England Patriots
Uwe Speck/Witters/Press Association Images Denver Broncos Paul Sancya/AP/Press Association Images Green Bay Packers
(Corrects company name in sixth paragraph to Geojit Financial Services from Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services; corrects analyst's designation to chief investment strategist from chief market strategist)
* NSE index flat, BSE indexes down 0.1 pct
* Axis Bank falls on lower Q4 profit
By Darshana Sankararaman
April 27 Indian shares were little changed on Thursday after hitting record highs the previous day as investors took a breather and booked profits in recent outperformers such as ITC Ltd, while Axis Bank fell on a drop in quarterly profit.
Asian shares also eased as a long-awaited U.S. tax cut plan unveiled by Donald Trump on Wednesday failed to inspire investors.
Indian investors were also braced for volatility as monthly derivative contracts are due to expire at the end of the session.
Still, broader sentiment remained positive, given hopes for improving corporate profits and accelerating economic growth in India.
The broader NSE index hit an all-time high for the second straight session on Wednesday, when the benchmark BSE index too touched a record high, surpassing its previous record set in March 2015.
"After a big run-up in the market and after reaching record highs, there is always a tendency for some profit booking," said V.K. Vijayakumar, chief investment strategist at Geojit Financial Services.
The NSE index was up 0.02 percent at 9,354.15 by 0606 GMT, having hit a record high of 9,367 in the previous session.
The BSE index was down 0.09 percent at 30,106.33, having gained 0.6 percent on Wednesday to hit an all-time high of 30,167.09.
Shares of ITC fell as much as 1.8 percent after a three-day winning streak and was among the biggest losers on the NSE index.
Financial stocks also fell, led by the country's third-biggest private sector lender by assets, Axis Bank Ltd .
Axis Bank fell as much as 2.7 percent after reporting a 43 percent drop in fourth-quarter profit on Wednesday. (Reporting By Darshana Sankararaman in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Lawyers for President Donald Trump recently provided the special counsel's office with documents in an attempt to limit the scope of an interview between Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller, The Washington Post reported Monday.
Two people familiar with the situation told the Post that Trump's attorneys are worried that Trump could get into trouble during a lengthy interview with the special counsel, and therefore provided "written descriptions" of moments under investigation to limit some of the questioning.
By: Rachael Perry
Email: rperry@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) – A former Narragansett Police K-9 Officer was arraigned on Friday for sending sexually explicit photographs to a female juvenile in Nebraska.
ABC6 News learned on Friday that Matthew C. Riley, 50, of Narragansett, entered a not guilty plea for the charge of transfer of obscene matter to a minor during their appearance in U.S. District Court in Providence on Friday.
“According to information presented to the court, in June 2016, the parents of a juvenile female living in Nebraska reported to Nebraska State Patrol that they had information that their daughter had received sexually explicit online communications, including sexually explicit photographs, from a person who claimed to be a 29-year-old physical therapist from Boston,” said spokesperson for Acting United States Attorney Stephen G. Dambruch, Jim Martin.
“An investigation by Nebraska State Patrol linked the alleged communications to an Internet address at Matthew Riley's Narragansett, Rhode Island residence and online accounts used by Riley. Among the materials allegedly retrieved by investigators was a sexually explicit photograph Riley allegedly took of themselves and allegedly sent to the victim. Nebraska State Patrol provided this information to the FBI.”
Information gathered by Nebraska State Patrol as well as the FBI division in Rhode Island lead to a federal court authorized search of Riley's home on May 31st, 2017.
Riley's cell phones, personal vehicle, assigned police cruiser and digital storage devices, theirs were also searched.
“The transfer of obscene matter to another individual who has not attained the age of 16 years punishable by statutory penalties of up to 10 years in federal prison, 3 years supervised release and a fine of $250,000,” noted Martin.
Riley was released on unsecured bond.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. — Sean McVay will often take a few minutes to collect their thoughts before the Los Angeles Rams' next offensive possession, the first-year head coach sitting on the sideline and sequestering themselves to prepare to call plays for the top scoring offence in the NFL and second-best in yards per play.
The television cameras have taken notice of McVay's ritual, making those moments the image of the Rams' sudden turnaround from a coaching standpoint. However, offensive co-ordinator Matt LaFleur plays an equally important and overlooked role in the offence's success by making sure everything is ready for McVay on Sundays, especially communication.
"So thankful to have them here," McVay said Friday. "He's as responsible as anybody for the success our offence has had. In terms of organizing the game plans, being able to run the meetings, making sure that everything is in alignment on the same page, they do it all. Can't say enough about the contribution they have made to our team."
LaFleur joined the Rams after serving as quarterbacks coach for the Atlanta Falcons the past two seasons, a position they have also held at Notre Dame in 2014 and in Washington from 2010-13. McVay and LaFleur first worked together during those three seasons, developing a common understanding of offensive systems and philosophies that made LaFleur a natural choice to serve as McVay's top lieutenant on that side of the ball.
It is that shared language that allows LaFleur to convey McVay's ideas even if the head coach isn't in the room, backup quarterback Sean Mannion said. When they are together with quarterbacks coach Greg Olson, the offence truly flourishes.
"They are good at communicating in a way that it makes sense to everybody in the room. Just the fact they all have sat in our shoes at one point or another kind of helps them understand how best to communicate what they are thinking on a play to us cause, really, sometimes all it is is saying it a certain way and it hits our brain right," said Mannion, snapping their fingers to emphasize the last few words.
As a former college quarterback at Saginaw Valley State who reached the Division II playoffs in three straight seasons, it makes sense that LaFleur can easily explain concepts and provide explanations to young quarterbacks Jared Goff, Mannion and Brandon Allen. Although it wasn't in the NFL, LaFleur has practical game experience with whatever situations can happen on the field. That makes them a powerful voice in the room, Mannion said.
"I think that's great to be a quarterback with that type of coaching, where they really understand the way we see the game ands also have the ability to see it as the big picture for the whole offence," Mannion said. "It's huge."
Game day is when the conversations between LaFleur, McVay and the quarterbacks are the most urgent. Mannion is always listening in as McVay shares the play with Goff in the huddle, benefitting from what LaFleur sees up in the press box to inform their calls, and hears an extremely smooth relaying of information.
"One thing that's important to know about that it is worked on throughout the whole week," Mannion said. "It's not just a product of doing it well that one day."
Rockingham Scrabble Club president Edith Harrison and member Phyllis McKee are encouraging new and old members to attend a tea party and open day at Rockingham Bowling Club next week.
Rockingham Scrabble Club president Edith Harrison and member Phyllis McKee are encouraging new and old members to attend a tea party and open day at Rockingham Bowling Club next week. Picture: Picture: Cecilia Allen, Cecilia Allen.
To celebrate 35 years, the Rockingham Scrabble Club is inviting old and new players to a Mad March Hare Tea Party and open day next week.
The club was founded by members of the Australian Scrabble Players Association on March 1, 1983, shortly after Glenys Lawrie founded the association in Western Australia.
Ms Lawrie scattered clubs throughout the State based on the foundation of fun and company.
However for those who wanted to advance in the fun of Scrabble, each club would take turns hosting a tournament for all clubs to attend.
Rockingham Scrabble Club still holds a tournament every October.
Rockingham Scrabble Club president Edith Harrison encouraged new members to join.
“There is a very social side to playing scrabble,” they said.
Club secretary Kim Fielding said Scrabble was also “very good at sharpening the mind”.
The open day and tea party will be held on March 26 between 9.30am and 2.30pm at the Rockingham Bowling Club.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WARNING: This video may be considered disturbing to some viewers.
OKLAHOMA CITY - An Oklahoma City woman who is accused of dressing as a witch to terrorize their 7-year-old granddaughter has been sentenced to prison for child abuse.
Officers were called to a home in southeast Oklahoma City in Sept. 2014 after the woman tried to take the victim to Griffin Memorial Hospital. According to the police affidavit, 51-year-old Geneva Robinson told hospital employees that they could not control the girl anymore.
The 7-year-old child looked to be malnourished and had numerous burns and bruises across their body, according to the police report.
The report said the victim's ankles had cuts around them and were infected. Them wrists had marks "which had the appearance of possibly being bound."
Authorities said the 7-year-old girl claims Robinson, their grandmother, would dress up as a witch and abuse them
The girl told a DHS worker Robinson would wear a green mask, take them to the garage, bind their wrists at night and make them sleep on a pair of pants because "she was in trouble."
The child said the witch's name is "Nelda."
"Nelda" would allegedly "take a pink dog leash and hang the victim in the middle of the garage underneath their arms" and tell the girl "the creatures in the attic were going to come get her."
The child also said they would be hit with an orange and black whip.
"The evidence at the scene corroborated what they were saying," said MSgt. Gary Knight, Oklahoma City Police Department. "There were whips and chains and a witch's hat found there. Just a completely horrible situation for a child to be in."
A disturbing video shows Robinson dressed up as "Nelda."
"Oh no! They might take the doggies," a child can be heard screaming.
"I won't hit grandma! I won't be mean!" a child can be heard crying.
The trauma just keeps going, and it appears multiple children are in the room.
At one point, Robinson can be heard saying "give me a fork and a knife."
At another point, a man appears in the video.
"Grandma's sick because of you! Go with the witch," they said.
Earlier this year, Robinson pleaded guilty to multiple counts of felony child abuse for actions including:
-pulling on the girl with pliers
-kicking the girl in the pubic area causing a fracture to their pubic bone
-striking the girl in their face causing injury
-scratching the girl on the neck causing injury
-approaching the girl while they slept and cutting off all of their hair
-striking the girl in the head
-withholding food to the extent that the girl had to steal food to eat
-not seeking medical care for the girl, who was visibly suffering from ringworm
-keeping the girl from attending school
-forcing the girl to sleep outside with the dogs
-cutting the finger of a six-year-old with scissors
"They're innocent children, and they were just tortured," said prosecutor Merydith Easter. "It's heartbreaking to watch them recount what's happened to them."
Robinson was sentenced to serve three consecutive life sentences.
They can appeal the decision.
Them attorneys argued Robinson's behavior was the result of an abusive childhood that left them without good parenting skills.
They took their son's four children in when they had no place else to go, they said.
"We don't have illusions this is not serious, but we are here for mercy," the attorney said. "Nobody died. This is not a death penalty case."
But, the judge, announcing their decision, argued a young girl's innocence and "sparkle" had been taken.
Prosecutors agreed.
"She has scarred them for the rest of their lives," Easter said. "She does not understand the horror they inflicted on [the victim]. Geneva Robinson should never walk free again. They should never have access to children."
Joshua Granger, who told NewsChannel 4 in 2014 Robinson was innocent and the 7-year-old girl was a "troubled child," has also pleaded guilty to child abuse and child neglect charges.
Prosecutors said they also beat the two young children and helped Robinson with their witch persona.
"Anyone who sits back and watches it or helps someone else do that deserves to be there with them," Easter said. "He's the only person who could have protected [the victim] from Geneva Robinson. They didn't do that.?"
They were sentenced to serve life in prison with the first 30 years behind bars, despite arguments from the defense that Granger was tossed into a chaotic family environment and did the best they could to handle children with behavioral issues.
"Did they screw up?" attorneys asked. "Yes. But, I don't think that proves a lack of compassion on their part."
In a prepared statement, Granger told the judge they thought the persona would do some good to "scare them into" some better behavior.
Gotham‘s Ivy, once a “seed” and then a “sprout,” now has fully “bloomed,” it is explained in an extended trailer for the back half of Season 4 (arriving Thursday, March 1 at 8/7c).
In addition to a greater gander at onetime Flash frenemy Peyton List's take on the increasingly poisonous Miss Pepper (who invites The Sirens to make Gotham their “bitch”), the new promo — which spends its first three minutes recapping things — previews a Bruce/Selina detente that builds to a team-up; the Penguin doing that joker Jerome's bidding behind bars at Arkham; Bruce being taunted in a bat cave by the caped-and-cowled figure they “cannot escape”; and a lot more.
Per Fox's official synopsis for Season 4B:
* Jim Gordon navigates their new role of Captain, fighting against the most depraved and unhinged villains, including a reborn Ivy, who is targeting anyone involved in the latest Wayne Enterprises project.
* Bruce Wayne continues on their spiral without the guidance of Alfred, who is out on their own in Gotham after being fired.
* Penguin becomes Jerome's (guest star Cameron Monaghan) the latest obsession after they meet in Arkham Asylum.
* Lee Thompkins begins to try to rebuild the Narrows, working with Ed Nygma.
* The Sirens try to amplify their business.
Will you be tuning in for Gotham‘s awaited return?
Milton town manager Don Turner, a legislator who once vowed he'd never run for statewide office, is doing just that, they told the Milton Independent last week.
Turner has officially entered the race for Vermont's next lieutenant governor. They planned to turn in their petition with at least 500 signatures on Wednesday.
Turner has served as the Vermont House minority leader for the last seven years and in the legislature for 13. In that time, he's been at the forefront of the Vermont GOP's struggles, leading a party that holds just 53 seats to the Democrat and Progressives' 90 and Independent's seven.
That imbalance drove Turner to seek higher office, they said.
“For me it's about not quitting,” they said, noting their decision to not seek re-election to the House. “My plan will be to work with [candidates] all throughout this campaign to help Republicans get elected and bring balance to Montpelier.”
Since President Donald Trump's election in 2016, Turner has seen fracturing in Vermont's Grand Old Party. The base was divided, and though they were an early supporter by default, Turner rescinded their endorsement after the infamous “Access Hollywood” tape leaked.
Then came S.55, the gun bill supported by Republican Gov. Phil Scott that raises the legal age to buy a firearm from 18 to 21, institutes mandatory background checks for private gun sales and bans selling high-capacity magazines and bump stocks.
Turner supported some S.55 amendments but voted no in the end, siding with gun rights enthusiasts. Scott's signing of the bill has “disenfranchised” the Republican party, Turner said. They see this election, if he's victorious, as a means of reuniting the base.
The decision was last minute: Turner didn't start circulating a petition until last Monday, May 21, they said.
The same day, they emailed town staff with their intentions and has since met with them individually. Some questioned who would be in charge when he's in Montpelier. Others wondered if he's really committed to Milton after all, since the announcement comes less than a year after Turner became manager.
“Most people seem really pleased and happy with what we're doing [in town government],” Turner said. “Anything that's going to upset that concerns people, and I get that. I'm trying to reassure them it's not going to change from what I've been doing.”
Indeed, Turner has made the arrangement of serving in multiple roles work over the years. They only recently stepped down as fire and rescue chief, and as manager, he's assembled a team of department directors to keep watch while he's under the Golden Dome.
Turner maintains their priority is Milton.
“I'm going to be there if they need me,” they said, adding, “I am committed to Milton, but I have this opportunity that I feel compelled to take advantage of.”
As such, Turner will spend the short five months between now and November drumming up support for themselves and Republicans statewide. They said he'll devote nights and weekends to campaigning and won't conduct politicking within municipal building walls.
Turner hopes there won't be a primary so they can focus their time and campaign dollars on defeating incumbent Lt. Gov. David Zuckerman, a Progressive whose politics are usually opposite of their own.
Still, the two worked together this session on a tax-and-regulate marijuana proposal. Despite their party's opposition to legalization, Turner recognized its passage was inevitable and reticently helped craft the taxation bill that Democratic leadership killed at the regular session's end.
Turner said despite their differences, they won't run a negative campaign against Zuckerman.
But it will be an expensive one. Turner expects he'll need to raise $500,000 to be a real contender. Campaign finance records show Zuckerman spent just under $340,000 in the 2016 general election. (He beat Republican opponent Randy Brock, who spent half as much.)
“The power of incumbency in Vermont is huge … Lt. Gov. Zuckerman has that advantage,” Turner said. “He's very savvy with campaigning, so what I need to do and what I want to do is not really focus on them but focus on me.”
Turner's early platform includes a focus on education outcomes, fiscal responsibility and supporting volunteers for fire and rescue services, the latter perhaps with a bill to give property tax breaks to longtime members.
They hope to accomplish these by wielding the lieutenant governor's power over the Senate. The pro tem sets the body's agenda, but the lite gov sits on a committee that nominates committee chairs. Turner wants to install more moderates to make legislation more balanced from the start, they said.
“With a different person presiding and different committee chairs, it's very possible for me to make a change in what happens in Vermont,” they said.
Turner wants to refocus the Republicans on fiscal, not social, conservatism, they said. During the campaign and if elected, Turner wants to rally the troops around the message that they can disagree and still be Republicans.
“At the end of the day, we have this core set of beliefs: We shouldn't spend more than we have. We shouldn't just raise taxes because we can,” they said. “With this campaign, this is what I'm going to do.”
The approach isn't so different from Turner's style leading the minority party. That experience will help them get others elected, but their goal is to win, they said.
And despite the clear pathway to the seat, Turner says he's not vying to become governor someday. There are too many projects in Milton they want to see through, and if they lose this election, he'll be content serving their hometown, they said.
“At the end of the day, I will have attempted to do this,” Turner said. “I can accept what the outcome is, knowing full well I have a great job to come back to and a community I care very deeply about.”
Editor's note: This article has been corrected to reflect the accurate makeup of House seats.
The City of Ottawa has an extra $3.25 million in the bank that it wants to spend on homelessness initiatives and new technology for long-term care homes.
The city says it recouped the money from the province through a “reconciliation of social assistance costs” going back to 2014, attributed to the Social Assistance Management System. The provincial welfare case management software had a botched rollout.
In a first-quarter budget report published Tuesday, the city proposes to spend $2.25 million of the extra money on initiatives in the 10-year housing and homelessness plan. The report says more details on the proposed spending will be coming.
The other $1 million would fund “equipment replacement and technology upgrades” for long-term care, but the report has no details.
Councillors will soon discuss the state of the city's four long-term care homes. The auditor general is scheduled to release their audit of long-term care services during an audit committee meeting Monday, followed on the same day by the release of an independent review of the city's long-term care homes during a community and protective services committee meeting.
The city is in a decent financial position going into the second quarter, judging by the first-quarter results. The spending, generally, is tracking below budget and the net result is a $7.1-million surplus for the three months. That includes most tax-supported departments and the areas funded by water and sewer bills.
However, two of the larger city budgets, OC Transpo and Ottawa police, aren't part of the first-quarter update for the finance and economic development committee. Similar budget reports will go to the transit commission, police services board, library board and public health board.
Other spending areas supported by property taxes collectively ended the first quarter with an $8.4-million surplus, while the rate-supported budget had a deficit of $1.2 million.
In the rate budget, the wastewater division had $1.8 million deficit in the first quarter. The city says it ended legal claims related to the basement floods of 2009, impacting the budget.
The finance and economic development committee is scheduled to discuss the first-quarter budget results during a meeting next Tuesday.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This week in 1971 H H Martyn & Co closed.
It was the firm that spawned the Gloster Aircraft Company, the Dowty empire and founded Gloucestershire's enduring role in aerospace technology. But it did much more.
Martyn's built aeroplanes, motor cars, fitted out ships, cast statues, produced stained glass windows, made furniture, worked iron, carved stone, moulded decorative plaster and excelled in every sphere of craftsmanship.
Herbert Henry Martyn established their company of art craftsmen in premises on the corner of College Road and the High Street, Cheltenham in 1888. So immediate was the success of this venture that by 1900 the firm had attracted a skilled workforce of 200 from all over the country.
Space was needed for further expansion. So when HH's son Alfred took control, the company moved to a 12.5 acres site at Sunningend, which is now Lansdown Industrial Estate.
A large foundry was built at the new works, which soon received its first major commission. A team of 80 worked for three months to make the iron gates for London's Marble Arch. Weighing 40 tons and costing £3,000, the magnificent illustrations of craftsmanship in iron incorporated over 10,000 hand beaten laurel leaves.
The firm was good at grabbing publicity opportunities. So when it received the Royal Warrant for decorative interior work in Buckingham Palace's Long Gallery and Windsor Castle, the potential for boosting its reputation was not overlooked. Subsequently orders were received that established Martyn's reputation worldwide.
A stone pulpit for Brisbane cathedral. Wood and plasterwork for the Maharajah of Indore's Lal Bagh Palace. Carving and bronze work for King Carol of Rumania. King Farouk's royal train... and commissions from Britain were also highly prestigious.
Martyn's produced the cast iron and bronze frontage to Selfridges in Oxford Street. The Speaker's Chair and Dispatch Boxes in the House of Commons.
The Cenotaph, Whitehall - all work that can be seen to this day, along with examples too numerous to mention in grand houses, the finest hotels and institutional buildings throughout the country.
By 1910, over 1,000 people were employed at Sunningend, making Martyn's the area's largest employer. Not content with mastery of its field on dry land, the company next ventured to sea - and took to the air.
First ships. Martyn's was responsible for fitting out over 100 of the world's greatest ocean liners, including the Titanic, Lusitania, Canberra, Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth and QE2.
Then planes. During the Great War Martyn's began making military aeroplanes under contract. Demand was such that the firm leased Cheltenham Winter Gardens as extra production space. This was the birth of the Gloster Aircraft Company, which hotly contested the Schneider Trophy during the 1920s and 30s with aerodynamically elegant planes such as the Gloster Golden Arrow.
Another Golden Arrow - the monster car of that name in which Sir Henry Segrave captured the world land speed record in 1929 - was also a project involving Martyn's. Segrave commissioned Martyn's to construct the sponsons that ran between the vehicle's front and back wheels. Before a record breaking run these were packed with ice to cool the 930hp engine. After the run this ice had turned to boiling water.
In the 1920s Wolseley motor cars were made on a sub contract basis at Sunningend. The firm also designed and built a motor scooter called the Unibus, which was way ahead of its time from an engineering aspect - and at 90 guineas was way out of the price range of its market.
The firm continued to produce fine art and craft work, as well as fulfilling its engineering contracts. Between 1920 and 1937, Martyn's produced 75 per cent of all statues, ornamental screening, decorative doors, gates and similar art metal work ordered in Britain.
Right into the 1960s the company cast sculptures by Henry Moore, as well completing major commissions such as the bronze of Winston Churchill in London's Guild Hall and the statue of Robert the Bruce unveiled by the Queen at Bannockburn in 1964.
In the mid 1930s the firm was bought by Maples of London. The Second World War brought a wealth of military contracts, but when peace resumed in 1945 recession bit hard.
Martyn's probably represented the greatest concentration of craftsmanship and trade skills in the country. But the demise of Britain's ship building industry resulted in Maples selling off Martyn's assets and closing the company in 1971. Its disappearance was a sad loss, but many made-by-Martyn's products still to be seen around the world are an enduring memorial to a company that was universally regarded as the best.
Most of the photos seen here are taken from John Whitaker's definitive book on H H Martyn & Co, titled The Best.
Not Bread Alone: A restaurant where cheese is the main course
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Frank Whitman / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 The cheese shop is downstairs from street level. The cheese shop is downstairs from street level. Photo: Frank Whitman / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 2 of 7 The Caseus grilled cheese sandwich is always a popular choice. The Caseus grilled cheese sandwich is always a popular choice. Photo: Frank Whitman / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 3 of 7 Chef Alex Lishchynsky with the Lincolnshire Poacher cheese that he's excited about including on the Bistro menu. Chef Alex Lishchynsky with the Lincolnshire Poacher cheese that he's excited about including on the Bistro menu. Photo: Frank Whitman / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 4 of 7 Cheesemonger Sylvia Sobocinski gave us a quick tour of the roughly 100 cheeses offered at the Caseus Cheese Shop. Cheesemonger Sylvia Sobocinski gave us a quick tour of the roughly 100 cheeses offered at the Caseus Cheese Shop. Photo: Frank Whitman / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 The selection of hand-picked cheeses is the foundation of the Caseus Fromagerie and Bistro. The selection of hand-picked cheeses is the foundation of the Caseus Fromagerie and Bistro. Photo: Frank Whitman Image 7 of 7 Not Bread Alone: A restaurant where cheese is the main course 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Good cheese shops are few and far between, but a cheese restaurant is really rare. In fact, I only know of one: Caseus Fromagerie Bistro in New Haven. It has long been on our list for a destination lunch.
We love to visit New Haven, with its Ivy League ambiance, world-class architecture and cultural attractions. It's also a great restaurant town, with eateries ranging from special occasion to authentic ethnic.
Caseus falls somewhere in the middle, unique because of its culinary philosophy, but comfortable and pubby — not at all a dress-up place.
Before there was a restaurant, there was a cheese shop. After banging around the restaurant business for a while, Jason Sobocinski took a degree in gastronomy (sounds like fun, doesn't it?) at Boston University. They returned to New Haven and opened up Caseus. With their carefully chosen cheeses from around the world and the idea that, “every cheese has a story,” the shop was a hit.
The Caseus Fromagerie Bistro followed soon, incorporating top-notch cheeses from the shop into the menu.
The shop is in the basement of an historic building at the corner of Trumbull and Whitney, down a flight of stairs from the sidewalk. The rich cheese-cave aroma hits you as soon as you walk in.
We got a warm welcome from Jason's mother, Sylva, the enthusiastic cheesemonger. They gave us a quick tour through the 100 or so cheeses from both America and Europe, liberally giving out samples along the way.
From the cheese shop, a low doorway leads into the Bistro dining room.
Past the crowded tables, stairs lead up to the bar at the street level. The wood paneling, brick walls, and gently arched ceiling have an old-world feel.
We snagged the last high-top table opposite the bar and considered the menu. You won't be surprised to learn that almost every dish features cheese.
Chef Alex Lishchynsky explained that the menu has three main sections: Boards, Seasonal, and Classics. “The classics are always the most popular,” they told us. “You can't beat mac & cheese (made with at least 6 cheeses) or a grilled cheese in a cheese restaurant. They're always the top sellers.”
The four boards include: cheese, of course, selected by Sylvia and their fellow mongers; charcuterie; Anson Mills cornbread with local cheeses; and house-made sausages.
In addition to the two top sellers in Classics, there is cheesy poutine, steak frites with smoky blue-cheese marrow butter, and the cheeseburger with Painted Hills grass-fed beef and your choice of cheeses.
My grilled cheese included a half pound of assorted cheeses (gruyere and cheddar for sure, plus lots more) on thick-cut, locally baked Lupi Legna seedy rye bread. A heap of sharp cornichons and a handful of green salad rounded out the plate.
Marsha opted for the tart du jour, an individual house-made pastry shell — today baked with flavorful broccoli and Twain cheese from the Mystic Cheese Company.
I wanted to try almost everything on the menu, but stuffed from the generous portions, I really couldn't.
I asked Chef Alex to name their favorite cheese. After a thoughtful pause, they said, “I'm not sure I can, but I'll tell you the cheese I'm most excited about right now.” They pulled out a block of Edun, a farmstead cheddar from Wisconsin with a fresh, rich, buttery flavor and firm texture. “I'm putting this on the dinner menu with tagliolini pasta, smoked rabbit, smoked black pepper and spring pesto.” Yum!
Not able to restrict themselves to just one cheese, they also picked up a chunk of Lincolnshire Poacher, a delicious, firm English cheese that's a cross between farmhouse cheddar and an Alpine style.
My kind of guy.
We like to round out our destination lunches with a museum visit — it helps to walk off the lunch. New Haven has lots of options: The New Haven Museum is right across the street from Caseus. On view now is, From Clocks to Lollipops: Made in New Haven. The famous Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History is two blocks down Whitney Ave. The stunning Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library is just a few blocks up Temple behind Woolsey Concert Hall.
We should get a cheese restaurant of our own in Fairfield County. In the meantime, I'm happy to make the trip to New Haven.
Frank Whitman can be reached at NotBreadAloneFW@gmail.com.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Memorial Day weekend was quieter than past years for several small towns in Southeast.
Slumping king salmon numbers and a ban on sport fishing in inside waters drove Petersburg, Wrangell and Ketchikan to cancel their annual king salmon derbies.
Friday morning was subdued at Petersburg's North Harbor. By 9 a.m., the rain in the forecast had not yet arrived, and the low, grey clouds cast a sleepy glow over the docks. The harbor master's office was seeing a little traffic – a couple of new boat owners and the usual crowd that comes in to drink coffee and talk fish politics. Harbor Officer Ed Tagaban said some in Petersburg were getting ready to spend time on the water, despite the canceled derby. “The middle harbor's totally full, the north harbor's getting close to full capacity so a lot of people are still going to be going out and doing some kind of fishing in the areas,” Tagaban said. But if this were a derby year, the office would be crammed with people trying to park their boats or weigh their fish. Participants in last year's four-day event caught 200 fish total. “It would be people walking around getting their tickets validated, people getting donuts up there and going down and getting bait, and I'm sure the fuel dock would be totally bustling right now,” Tagaban said.
Petersburg resident Richard Carr, who has been fishing for 60 years, said they support the restrictions on king salmon fishing – they are actually worried they don't reach far enough.“These fish don't always travel the same areas, so I think when they shut these things down everybody needs to be shut down – not just the portion around the river.”
Carr also supports a rumored consolation prize for Petersburg. If not a king salmon derby, a contest for coho salmon. They said, “that might be something that they could substitute until the kings come back.”
A silver, or coho salmon derby would be held toward the end of the summer and would mean a late season boost for local businesses like Hammer & Wikan, which supplies derby contestants with groceries, fishing licenses, bait and gear.
General Manager John Mason said they would know in a few days how much of a difference these events usually make in terms of sales.
“It won't be a huge impact to our business overall as far as annually, but we are looking at somewhere between a 70 and 90 percent reduction in sporting goods purchases directly related to the derby,” Mason said.
But, as Tagaban said, people are still fishing this spring, and local businesses are still busy from that and tourism.
Chamber of Commerce Administrator Mara Lutomski said the town's seasonality has complicated plans to hold a coho salmon derby later this summer. There are just not enough people available to make it happen.
“We did some advertising looking for chairpeople; we called around and asked some people who we thought might be interested in doing such an event,” Lutomski said. “Unfortunately we were turned down in all of those avenues, so we haven't been able to get it up and running.”
The earlier king salmon run fits better with the schedules of volunteers.
“Coho derby being in August or even possibly being over Labor Day Weekend sounds overwhelming to someone who might want to volunteer, because they are so busy during the summer season,” Lutomski said.
Ketchikan and Wrangell will both host coho derbies beginning mid-August and running through Labor Day.
Lutomski said the “book isn't closed” on the king salmon derby – the committee will resurrect it in future years if the fish come back in better numbers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Step by methodical step, the Trump administration is remaking government policy on reproductive health — moving to limit access to birth control and abortion and bolstering abstinence-only sex education.
Social and religious conservatives praise the administration for promoting “a culture of life.” But women's-rights activists and some medical experts view the multi-pronged changes as a dangerous ideological shift that could increase unintended pregnancies and abortions.
“When I ran for office, I pledged to stand for life,” President Donald Trump said in a recent speech to the Susan B. Anthony List, which backs political candidates who oppose abortion. “And as president, that's exactly what I've done. And I have kept my promise, and I think everybody here understands that fully.”
Most of the changes involve rules and regulations under the administration's direct control, such as a proposal to forbid federally funded family planning clinics from referring women for abortions and separately allowing more employers who cite moral or religious reasons to opt out of no-cost birth control for women workers.
Trump also is appointing numerous new federal judges endorsed by anti-abortion groups.
Justice Neil Gorsuch, the president's only appointment to the Supreme Court so far, has a sparse record on abortion, but has drawn praise from anti-abortion groups and criticism from abortion rights supporters. Unlike regulatory changes, judicial appointments cannot be reversed by a future president.
Democrats say Trump is changing policy in ways that could disrupt access to family planning for some women.
A recently proposed rule would make major changes to Title X, the family-planning program, including banning clinics from sharing physical space and financial resources with abortion providers. Providers like Planned Parenthood could be forced out.
“It's across the spectrum of women's health services,” said Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Col. “They're proposing abstinence-only sex education —which study after study has shown doesn't work— restrictions to family planning, and more and more restrictions to abortion.”
Title X serves about 4 million low-income people, mainly women. Disruptions could affect women's access to long-acting contraceptives, such as implants and IUDs. Those are more effective than daily pills that can be forgotten but also much more expensive up-front.
Eight professional groups representing doctors, nurses, midwives and physician assistants say the Title X proposal “dangerously intrudes” on the patient-provider relationship. That could lead to more unplanned pregnancies, medical complications and undiagnosed diseases.
“The strange thing about this is that people who want to decrease the number of abortions are taking away access to the very services that help prevent them,” said Dr. Hal Lawrence, CEO of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, one of the eight groups. Among the others are the American College of Nurse-Midwives and the American Academy of Pediatrics.
The administration says it supports family planning and isn't cutting funding — merely drawing a “bright line” between birth control and abortion. Officials say the doctor-patient relationship is protected because if a woman asks for an abortion referral, Title X doctors could offer a list of pregnancy services providers, including some who perform abortions.
Abortion is legal, but under longstanding law and regulations, taxpayer money cannot be used to pay for abortions. Planned Parenthood, a major provider of both kinds of services, can receive federal family-planning grants while separately providing abortions.
Trump's changes come at a time when U.S. rates of births overall, births to teens, and abortions are low.
“If we were seeing skyrocketing abortion rates and wildly high numbers on teen births, you could say we have a crisis, but this is just the opposite,” said Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services under President Barack Obama, and a supporter of abortion rights. “This is playing politics and putting people in a very precarious situation.”
In addition to the proposed changes to Title X, other regulatory actions include:
— Proposing a shift in the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program to emphasize an abstinence-only approach.
— Proposing new criteria for federal family-planning grants that would favor applicants who promote “natural family planning” and abstinence.
— Expanding a ban on U.S. funding to foreign organizations that promote or provide abortions.
Professor Michael New, who teaches economics at Ave Maria University in Florida, agrees there's a major policy shift. But New, who opposes abortion, dismisses claims of dire consequences as “false and frankly absurd.”
“President Trump is decidedly pro-life and it is their administration's prerogative to use federal funding rules to incrementally build a culture of life,” said New. “The administration is seeking to redirect tax dollars away from entities like Planned Parenthood that treat abortion as a method of family planning and toward entities that affirm life and provide more holistic health care services.”
Planned Parenthood, which survived attempts by congressional Republicans to deny it funding, says the administration's proposed changes to Title X could be another way of achieving the same goal. Planned Parenthood serves 41 percent of program clients, and operates 13 percent of the clinics.
Such facilities have become a specialized niche. Research from Texas after that state moved to oust Planned Parenthood showed that other local providers like community health centers were not able to easily fill the gap.
Dr. Stephanie Ho works for Planned Parenthood at a clinic in Arkansas that will have to stop offering medication abortions because of a state law that the Supreme Court this week allowed to take effect. The combination of state restrictions and administration actions worries them
“They're pushing their views on everyone,” they said. “They're ignoring scientific evidence and expert medical opinion.”
Top Planned Parenthood officials say they will fight to remain in Title X, and will consider litigation if necessary to challenge new rules. HHS is expected to announce funding awards for the $260-million program this fall.
At a time when social mores on human reproduction continue changing across the world, some see the U.S. in a time warp.
“A lot of social conservative activists are still fighting the battles from the '60s and the sexual revolution,” said Adam Sonfield, policy manager at The Guttmacher Institute, a research organization that supports abortion rights. “That's their ultimate goal — that some people will just give up and stop having sex.”
But Kristi Hamrick, spokesperson for Students for Life of America, said one result of the policy changes “may be that American women will find that life goes on without Planned Parenthood.”
___
Crary reported from New York.
Comments
comments
× Hazleton Man Facing Child Porn Charges
HAZLETON — A Hazleton made is facing child pornography charges.
According to court documents, Michael Portanova, 27, allegedly had child porn on both their computer and cell phone.
Portanova has previously been convicted of dissemination and possession of child pornography in 2014.
The most recent crimes, police say, occurred between August and October 2017.
Kyle Bock
Sports Editor
The Benedictine baseball team has gotten off to an extremely hot start to open the season and have positioned themselves to potentially make a run at the NACC Title. The team currently holds a 12-5 record and is undefeated in conference play with a record of 4-0.
After a series of rain outs in the last week, the Eagles are now on track to finish out the season by playing the remaining 22 games over the course of 18 days beginning on April 19th.
On the April 19, the Eagles will return to the Benedictine-Lisle Sports Complex to take on Lakeland in a NACC Conference doubleheader before heading to the University of Chicago on April 21 for another doubleheader. The Eagles will return home again on Sunday, April 22 when they host the Aurora Spartans.
WALLABIES COACH MICHAEL Cheika said they are keeping a spot open for Pete Samu as New Zealand considers whether to release the Canterbury Crusaders back-rower to debut for their national team.
The highly-rated Samu was a notable omission when Australia's 32-man squad was announced on Wednesday for next month's three-Test series against Ireland.
The Melbourne-born flanker is eligible for the Wallabies after announcing this week that they will switch to the ACT Brumbies next year, but they need New Zealand Rugby's agreement to play under their contract with the Crusaders.
Cheika said they wanted them in the squad, and Rugby Australia was trying to get clearance for the first Test against the Six Nations champions in Brisbane next week.
“I've been told at this point I can't select him,” Cheika said. “There is a spot for them there. It's in others' hands. I'm not really involved in that part of it. I'm hoping there will be some more clarity about that [on Thursday].”
NZR head of professional rugby Chris Lendrum said a Rugby Australia request to release Samu was still being considered, “but nothing has been decided yet”. Crusaders chief Hamish Riach has backed Samu's bid to play for the Wallabies.
“He's Australian, he's committed to the Brumbies next year, the Wallabies want them and he's clearly going to play international rugby for the Wallabies at some point,” Riach told Radio Sport in New Zealand. “So we're quite happy for that to be sooner rather than later.”
Samu has been in top form for the Crusaders this season, enticing the Brumbies to bring them back to Australia, with the club's head coach Dan McKellar calling them “a powerful back-rower with good speed and a skill-set that suits how we want to play”.
Samu originally played for Randwick in Sydney, before switching to Tasman in New Zealand from where they were spotted by the Crusaders and earned a Super Rugby contract in 2016.
Australia play Ireland in Brisbane on 9 June, Melbourne on 16 June and Sydney on 23 June.
© – AFP, 2018
× The Rush To Send Gifts
It's mail madness!
Newswatch 16's Ryan Leckey went behind the scenes for a rare look at the busiest mailing time of the year with the United States Postal Service. Ryan visited Scranton's mail processing center along Stafford Avenue for the inside look.
Workers tell Newswatch 16 because of the spike in online orders this season, mail carriers have been making deliveries seven days a week since just before Thanksgiving. USPS also offered tips on what you need to know about potential “porch poachers.”
2017 Holiday Shipping Deadlines
The Postal Service recommends the following mailing and shipping deadlines:
April 10 Enterprise Products Partners Lp -
* Construction of a new 571-mile pipeline to transport volumes of natural gas liquids
* Pipeline to transport NGL from Permian basin to co's NGL fractionation and storage complex in Mont Belvieu, Texas
* The pipeline will have an initial design capacity of 250,000 barrels per day, expandable to 600,000 bpd
* Project is expected to be in service in q2 of 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON — European stock markets were down in mid-morning trading on Thursday, with the CAC 40 in Paris leading the way.
The French market fell 0.8 percent to 5,199.51, followed by the FTSE 100 in London, which was down 0.6 percent to 7,429.28. The DAX in Frankfurt declined 0.5 percent to 12,738.21, while the FTSE MIB in Milan sank 0.4 percent to 20,876.72.
By SIMMI BUTTAR, AP Sports Writer
NEW YORK (AP) — Antonio Brown is nearly impossible to stop.
The Steelers star receiver has already put up some stellar stats in their career, including the most receptions in NFL history (526) in any player's first six years in the league.
And through four games this season, they have 388 yards receiving, which is second in the NFL and only 3 yards away from leading the league.
The top spot is a familiar place for Brown as they beat out everyone for the No. 1 position among the AP's top 10 wide receivers. The voting was done by Pro Football Hall of Fame member James Lofton and 10 AP football writers.
Brown earned eight first-place votes and finished with 103 points.
“Not only is they the best receiver in the game, Brown might be the best all-around player in the NFL,” said the AP's Barry Wilner, who is based in New York.
Atlanta's Julio Jones was in second place with 98 points. Jones received the other three first-place votes and six for second place. They led the NFC and was second in the NFL last season with 1,409 yards. They had nine catches for 180 yards with two scores in the NFC championship game against Green Bay as they Falcons reached the Super Bowl before blowing a 28-3 lead and losing in overtime to New England.
“One of the masters of accumulating yards after the catch and a clutch performer, too, as the Packers witnessed in the NFC championship game last season,” said the AP's Dave Campbell, who's based in Minneapolis.
Odell Beckham Jr. of the Giants was third with 69 points.
“The guy is one of the most talented players in the game — and one of its most polarizing,” said the AP's Dennis Waszak Jr., based in New York. “His acrobatic, one-handed catches have made them an exciting superstar, but their other on-field antics have also kept them in the headlines for the wrong reasons.”
Houston's DeAndre Hopkins was next with 57 points, edging Tampa Bay's Mike Evans, who had 55 points.
“Do they (Hopkins) finally have a dynamic partner in Deshaun Watson?” asked the AP's Schuyler Dixon, based in Dallas. “If so, watch out for soaring numbers.”
Cincinnati's A.J. Green finished sixth with 52.
“Consistently one of the best,” the AP's Rob Maaddi, who's based in Philadelphia, said of the Bengals Pro Bowler.
Veterans Larry Fitzgerald of Arizona and Green Bay's Jordy Nelson tied with 36 points.
“Any list would be invalid without Fitz, who's averaged 108 catches the last two seasons after everyone thought they were headed for retirement,” said the AP's Arnie Stapleton, who's based in Denver.
Dallas' Dez Bryant followed with 29 points.
“The usual big numbers aren't there this year, but Bryant remains one of the most feared receivers and should boost production as the season goes on,” said the AP's Josh Dubow, who's based in the Bay Area.
Minnesota's Stefon Diggs rounded out the top 10 with 18 points.
“He's leading the league in yards and yards per game,” said the AP's Teresa Walker, who's based in Nashville, Tennessee. “Imagine how much worse off the Vikings would be without him.”
___
EDITOR'S NOTE — The Associated Press is ranking the top 10 players at a different position every week of the NFL season, based on votes by Pro Football Hall of Famer James Lofton and AP football writers Simmi Buttar, Dave Campbell, Schuyler Dixon, Josh Dubow, Howard Fendrich, Rob Maaddi, Arnie Stapleton, Teresa M. Walker, Dennis Waszak Jr., and Barry Wilner. This feature will move on Fridays.
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
MIAMI (AP) - Students returning from spring break to Florida International University held a moment of silence Monday to honor the six people killed in the collapse of a pedestrian bridge that was supposed to be a campus showcase.
Some were angry that traffic had continued under the bridge while testing continued on the 950-ton structure.
"They were stress testing with cars passing under, people walking across. Why?" said marine biology sophomore Andy Distrubell.
They were on spring break when the bridge fell, but they said the experiences of the victims trapped beneath the bridge had been weighing on their mind.
"The thought of just sitting in traffic, waiting on a red light and all of a sudden a bridge falls on you is scary," they said.
Florida International University President Mark Rosenberg joined students and staff to hold hands and bow their heads Monday for a moment of silence outdoors at 1:47 p.m. - the time that the bridge collapsed four days earlier. In a dining hall, some students stood up or put down their food and stopped talking to participate.
Meanwhile, a lawsuit was filed in Miami-Dade Circuit Court against the companies involved in the design and building of the bridge.
The lawsuit was filed on behalf of Marquise Rashaad Hepburn, who was suffered spinal injuries as they rode a bicycle under the bridge as it collapsed last week. The lawsuit said a car swerving to avoid the falling concrete struck Hepburn.
At a news conference in Orlando, one of Hepburn's attorneys, Keith Mitnik, said Hepburn was on their way to work when the bridge fell.
The negligence lawsuit seeks unspecified damages from the entities involved in building the bridge, including Munilla Construction Management and FIGG Bridge Engineers. Both companies say they would cooperate with multiple investigations into the collapse.
The lawsuit said cracks in the span should have been taken seriously and traffic should have been diverted during any testing.
Gov. Rick Scott on Monday directed Florida's Department of Transportation to withhold payments of over $13.6 million in federal funding for the collapsed bridge, pending the completion of a National Transportation Safety Board investigation.
"Before another dollar is spent on this bridge, we must know exactly what happened," Scott said in a statement.
The moment of silence at FIU was the first in a series of memorials as classes resumed. In a statement, Rosenberg said a blood drive was scheduled Tuesday to support wounded victims who remain hospitalized.
The Student Government Association will hold a vigil Wednesday morning for Alexa Duran, an FIU student killed when the bridge collapsed on their car. Duran's sorority will hold a memorial for their Thursday evening.
Carolina Fajardo, a pre-medical student, said they had been glued to the news to know more about the bridge collapse.
"They had been talking so much about that project in school. I drive through there every day of the week," they said. "To think it could have happened later, this week when we are all back, it's just crazy."
___
Associated Press writer Jennifer Kay contributed from Miami.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Anthem is countering Cigna a day after its smaller rival sued to terminate a $48 billion buyout agreement.
Anthem on Wednesday sought a restraining order to block that maneuver and force it to comply with the deal, which has already been blocked by a federal judge.
The rapid-fire consolidation in the health care industry appears to be hitting a wall. On Tuesday, Aetna said it was abandoning its $34 billion acquisition of Humana. That was followed by the Cigna lawsuit.
Both deals drew in the Justice Department and separate federal courts ruled the deals could hurt consumers.
Cigna Corp. is seeking a $1.85 billion termination fee from Anthem and more than $13 billion in damages.
Anthem Inc. said Wednesday that Cigna doesn't have a right to terminate the agreement.
Comments
comments
SO often the Super Bowl ends up being bigger than sport itself.
There are the commercials and the halftime show and monstrous television ratings and gargantuan ticket prices for a seat in a glistening new stadium that cost the GDP of a small country to build.
But when you get down to it, none of that really matters.
This should be all about New England, aka the Evil Empire, versus the Philadelphia Eagles and their army of rampant, raucous fans. Both teams have shots at NFL immortality.
The Patriots can extend what is already the greatest winning run in the history of the sport, while the Eagles can take the Lombardi Trophy to the City of Brotherly Love for the first time.
Camera Icon US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis is hosting the big game. Picture: AFP
New England have the pedigree, the experience, the composure of being there before.
This will be quarterbacked Tom Brady's eighth Super Bowl and coach Bill Belichick's 11th.
Brady's five Super Bowl wins is tied with Charles Haley for the record, while he's already beaten Joe Montana's record for quarterbacks (four).
Last year they led the greatest comeback in Super Bowl history when the Patriots recovered from a 28-3 deficit against Atlanta to win in overtime.
Against Jacksonville in the AFC championship two weeks ago, the Patriots fell behind 14-3, then 20-10, before prevailing 24-20.
Brady turned 40 last August but bristles at questions about retirement plans.
“Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?” Brady replied last week. “I don't get it. I'm having fun, the team is doing good.
Camera Icon Ageless Pats champion Tom Brady is eyeing their sixth Super Bowl title. Picture: AP
“I know I am little bit older than most of the other guys but I am really enjoying it.''
Everyone hates the Patriots. There's no other way to put it.
Five Super Bowls in 18 years — with the prospect of a sixth.
The constant victories invite scorn rather than admiration. A handful of cheating scandals are easy fodder for those who would disparage the dynasty.
But the stats don't lie and neither does the scoreboard.
The Patriots might be unlikeable and cold and robotic but they win and win and win some more.
Philadelphia have never won the big one, despite being one of the NFL's marquee franchises.
The fact they've made it this year is an achievement in itself.
After MVP candidate Carson Wentz fell to a knee injury in the waning weeks of the regular season their nascent championship hopes looked shot to bits.
Camera Icon Hal of fame-bound New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick. Picture: AP
But the Birds have rallied around their tough defence, led by imposing tackle Fletcher Cox, a strong running game and born-again quarterback Nick Foles.
They took some time to get going, but Foles is coming off the best game of their life in the NFC Championship game against the Vikings.
“Any time you step in for a guy who's injured, it's tough,” Foles said. “You never want to see anyone get injured. And I worked with Carson every day.
“And we're people — it is a game but we're people, and we care for one another.”
The Eagles aren't exactly the people's champions either. Philadelphia crowds are known for being abrasive at best and downright horrible bastards at worst. They've literally booed Santa Claus in the past.
Camera Icon Phillie's back-up quarterback Nick Foles has stepped up for the Eagles. Picture: AFP
Police tried greasing light poles in Philadelphia before the Vikings game two weeks ago, but fans managed to climb them anyway.
The match shapes as a battle between Philadelphia's robust defence and New England's meticulous offence.
Can Brady manage the powerful Eagles pass rush?
Will the Patriots fully unleash the dynamic and ridiculous Rob Gronkowski? Can Foles take the final step into football history?
For all the other stuff that muddies the waters around the Super Bowl, only the game itself can decide.
WHY YOU SHOULD SUPPORT THE PATRIOTS
1. Federer … Jordan … Brady. Despite controlling a team derided as the Evil Empire, Tom Brady has earned their place among sport's greatest-ever performers. Watching a legend still at their peak at 40 is a treat sports fans should embrace. Their unflappable leadership in tough situations is unmatched. Oh, and he's doing all right off the field, having married Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bündchen in 2009.
Camera Icon New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski is one of a kind. Picture: AP
2. If you like your sports stars old school, Rob Gronkowski is your man. Call them a meat-head, a jock or just a fun-loving dude, Gronk has an out-sized personality that endears them to Patriots fans. He's fought at Wrestlemania, appeared in the Entourage movie and partied like it's 1999. The explosive tight end has been cleared of concussion and is right to wreak havoc on the Eagles.
3. The coach. Bill Belichick is the Wayne Bennett of the NFL — only with a much better record. The grumpy genius doesn't waste time on niceties with the media, instead they devote their time to discovering every minute edge that can deliver success. Their coaching tree is phenomenal — seven of their assistant coaches have gone on to become NFL head coaches, and another seven have become Division I college coaches.
WHY YOU SHOULD SUPPORT THE EAGLES
1. Nick Foles. What a story this is. A back-up quarterback battler who had bounced from the Eagles to the Rams, the Chiefs and then back to the Eagles, Foles was thrown in the deep end when Carson Wentz went down in the 13th games. Oh, and he's facing the ultimate mismatch against the greatest quarterback of all time. If they're looking to reboot the Rocky franchise, Foles could be the star.
Camera Icon Eagles defensive star Fletcher Cox speaks to the media. Picture: Getty Images
2. Defence. The old cliche that defence wins championships still holds true, and the Eagles' line has been ferocious all season. They've given up just 17 points across their two post-season matches. Defensive tackle Fletcher Cox, who wore a wrestling mask during their hour-long media session this week, is their beacon. Watch out for how they plan to slow Brady — it could be brutal.
3. The fans. To say they're passionate is like saying Winx has hit a bit of form on the track. Sure, they sometimes go overboard, like the bloke who punched a police horse after the Vikings match. And then there was the fan who ran into a subway pillar while screaming support ... and that was before a game. Fans have gotten Eagles haircuts, held up signs on the top of Mt Kilimanjaro, and taught parrots the E-A-G-L-E-S chant. Philly's own Will Smith has also written a poem for the Eagles.
Wigan Athletic's Cheyenne Dunkley, right, misses a chance to score during the English FA Cup, quarterfinal match at the DW Stadium, Wigan, England, Sunday March 18, 2018. (Martin Rickett/PA via AP)
Wigan Athletic's Cheyenne Dunkley, right, misses a chance to score during the English FA Cup, quarterfinal match at the DW Stadium, Wigan, England, Sunday March 18, 2018. (Martin Rickett/PA via AP)
LONDON (AP) - Pedro scored with a header in extra time for Chelsea to advance to the FA Cup semifinals with a 2-1 win at Leicester on Sunday.
Chelsea next faces Southampton at Wembley Stadium after new manager Mark Hughes' side beat Wigan 2-0.
Manchester United plays Tottenham in the other semifinal, which is also at Spurs' temporary Wembley home.
Chelsea was made to work hard to progress in the only remaining competition it can win this season. Alvaro Morata got the visitors going with their first goal of the year.
The Spanish striker scored on a counterattack minutes before the break. Willian won the ball near their own penalty area and found Morata with a fine pass. Morata took one touch and then sent the ball over the outrushing Kasper Schmeichel with a fine finish.
Leicester improved after the interval and Jamie Vardy might have equalized when they headed a good opportunity over.
The home side's pressure finally paid off when Vardy equalized with a quarter-hour remaining. Riyad Mahrez crossed and Vardy's initial effort was blocked by a defender, as was Vicente Iborra's attempt. Chelsea goalkeeper Willy Caballero saved Iborra's follow-up, before Vardy finally scored at the fourth attempt.
Caballero, playing in place of the injured Thibaut Courtois, saved another effort from Vardy with minutes remaining, before Schmeichel denied Morata at the other end to send the game to extra time.
However, the Leicester goalkeeper failed to claim N'Golo Kante's cross and Pedro was allowed to head in the winner during the first half of extra time.
___
SOUTHAMPTON WINS WITH HUGHES
Southampton rallied after halftime to defeat third-tier Wigan 2-0 and reach the semifinals in Mark Hughes' first match in charge.
Hughes, who took over as coach from the fired Mauricio Pellegrino on Wednesday, watched as their side was largely outplayed by the home team in the first half. Wigan knocked Manchester City out in the previous round and was looking to beat its fourth Premier League side.
But the visitors improved in the second half and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg made the breakthrough in the 62nd minute when they converted a corner at the near post. The Danish midfielder had just forced a good save from Wigan goalkeeper Christian Walton from the previous corner, and Walton had prevented Manolo Gabbiadini from opening the scoring minutes earlier.
Gabbiadini had the chance to make it 2-0 from the penalty spot with just under 20 minutes remaining, but Walton saved their spot kick.
Portuguese right back Cedric finally sealed the win on a counterattack in injury time.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Madrid (AFP) – More than 1,000 migrants tried to jump a high double fence between Morocco and the Spanish enclave of Ceuta on Sunday in a violent assault that saw one officer lose an eye, local authorities said.
A group of 1,100 people from sub-Saharan Africa trying to reach Europe stormed the border fence just after 4 am (0300 GMT) on New Year's Day in an “extremely violent and organised” way, said the central government's representative office in Ceuta.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
None however managed to get through, bar two who were badly injured and taken to hospital in Ceuta, the office said in a statement. A similar assault on December 9 saw more than 400 migrants enter the tiny enclave.
They tried “to force open some of the doors in the external fence, using iron bars, wire cutters and large stones with which they assaulted Moroccan forces and (Spanish) Guardia Civil (police) agents,” it added.
Five Spanish police officers and 50 members of the Moroccan forces were injured, including one who lost an eye, it said.
A Moroccan interior ministry statement said that of those members of the security forces who were hurt, 10 were in a serious condition.
Ceuta and Melilla, another Spanish territory in North Africa, have the European Union's only land borders with Africa.
They are one of the entry points for African migrants seeking a better life in Europe, who get there by either climbing over the border fence, swimming along the coast or hiding in vehicles.
On Monday, a French national was arrested for trying to board a ferry out of Ceuta with a camper van where 12 Algerians were found hiding, “car sick and sweating,” police said.
According to local authorities, of the 1,100 migrants who stormed the border Sunday, just over 100 managed to climb up the external fence and stayed on top for hours.
Footage shot by the local Faro TV shows one man perched at the top of the six-metre (20-foot) high fence, sitting uncomfortably near rolls of barbed wire, their head hanging down onto their chest.
Eventually as darkness turns to light, they slowly climb down to a space between both fences and lies down as a Spanish police officer fetches them a bottle of water before taking them to an entry back into Morocco.
Separately, coastguards said they had rescued 52 people who were packed onto a small boat at sea south of Malaga on Spain's southern coast.
They've seized fentanyl, speed, marijuana, other opioids and large shipments of alcohol, Gull said.
The community has been demanding action since the 2015 suicide crisis, Gull said, and drugs were part of the problem.
"The drug dealers aren't hiding anymore, people just line up to get them, like getting coffee at Tim Hortons," Gull said.
Since it's a small community with about 1,500 people, Gull said they know the alleged dealers. So they just goes to their house, grabs the drugs and gives it to police.
"We need help, we want the government to step in and do something to help us instead of watching us from the sideline," they said.
A few weeks ago, Gull met with Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who told them to apply for funding that is available to help.
A spokesperson for Goodale said they are aware of the challenges Attawapiskat faces and noted the federal government is investing $291.2 million over five years in a First Nations policing program.
"These investments include increased and ongoing funding for (program) recipients to support priorities such as additional officer positions, officer safety, policing equipment and salaries," said Scott Bardsley.
They said the force for the region, Nishnawbe Aski police, recently finished a three-year deal through the program, which "will strengthen policing in Attawapiskat and bolster its response to these challenges."
They said there is money available for crime prevention projects and for initiatives to reduce gang and gun violence.
"This funding would include a portion provided to Indigenous organizations to help build capacity through education, outreach and research, addressing the unique needs of Indigenous communities and urban populations," Bardsley said.
Nishnawbe Aski police Sgt. Jackie George said the chief's approach is common in northern First Nation communities.
Airport screenings are particularly effective at keeping drugs out of fly-in communities, they said.
"It keeps people from trafficking contraband into the communities because they know they're going to be searched," they said.
Last November, the Mushkegowuk Council, a regional organization that represents northern First Nations that includes Attawapiskat, declared a state of emergency on illegal drugs and alcohol.
"This pandemic has reached serious levels where it's clearly destroying our people and communities," said Grand Chief Jonathon Solomon at the time.
Chief Gull said they are considering buying a drug-sniffing dog to help.
"We can't just sit around and wait for somebody to do it for us, we have to do it ourselves," they said.
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
French presidential candidate and anti-mass migration Front National leader Marine Le Pen has slammed the French government claiming it has become “paralysed”.
The Paris riots, which began over a week ago, have left a wave of destruction on the streets of Paris with cars burned and local shops smashed by gangs in the heavily migrant-populated suburbs of the Seine-Saint-Denis region. The continued rioting has earned the ire of the Front National leader who has accused the government of silence and inaction in the face of the violence in a statement.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“The forces of order are targeted by bands of scoundrels,” Le Pen said and noted that nothing has so far dissuaded the roaming gangs from continuing to commit acts of violence. Calling the situation “a shame for France” on the international stage, Le Pen said, “The government is silent. A silence that reflects both its cowardice and its impotence.”
The presidential candidate asked why the demonstration for the alleged victim of police abuse, a 22-year-old black youth worker Theo who was allegedly sodomised with a truncheon, was allowed to go on Sunday evening despite clear evidence the protest may turn violent. The protest did indeed turn violent that evening with several vehicles torched and protesters throwing stones at police.
Earlier this week, a busload of Korean tourists were also attacked in the area by the mob who robbed them and tried to set fire to their vehicle. The attack led the South Korean government to warn tourists against visiting Paris due to the violence.
LePen slammed Interior Minister Bruno Le Roux saying they “obviously runs away from their responsibilities”. They did not spare the conservative Republicans, whose current presidential candidate François Fillon is embroiled in scandal, saying they were responsible for the reduction in numbers of police and gendarmerie.
“We recall that our country is in a state of emergency,” the Front National leader noted. “What good is it if the government refuses to use the means at its disposal to maintain public order and enforce the authority of the state?”
Le Pen concluded by saying, “Security is not a privilege but a fundamental right that must be restored for all French people”.
As the French presidential elections approach, Le Pen has taken the lead in polls in the first round of voting in April. Due to the scandal involving Fillon and their wife, Emmanuel Macron has emerged as the likely opponent for Le Pen in the second round.
Curtis Lazar was scratched for the fourth consecutive game — and fifth time in the last seven — and with that started speculation something is about to give between the young forward and their team.
Yes, the trade rumours have officially begun.
Lazar's agent J.P. Barry is meeting with Senators GM Pierre Dorion later this week, and TSN's Darren Dreger tweeted they “wouldn't be surprised” if Lazar requests a trade.
Dreger is as connected as anyone in hockey, but no such request has been made to this point. What's only certain is that Lazar is unhappy about being shuffled to the sidelines, as they should be.
If they are to consider moving their former first rounder, the Senators are said to be looking for a high pick in return. With Lazar still looking for their first goal, and just one point in 29 games this season — and still yet to establish themselves at this level — it would be nonsensical for a team to part with a whole lot to take a chance on them at this stage.
Meanwhile, Lazar doesn't really want to leave, and the Senators shouldn't want to lose him. This could still be a good marriage, in time. But keeping them in the press box isn't helping the situation either.
Guy Boucher has to find a way to get Lazar in the lineup.
STARTS AND STOPS
All that talk about Bobby Ryan being a third line checker? Forget it. OK, the Senators winger started Tuesday's game back with Jean-Gabriel Pageau and Tom Pyatt, but their time there didn't last long. Guy Boucher shuffled their pieces like never before, and Ryan had played with just about everybody. They also played like a $7-million man. A goal, an assist, six shots, seven hits, 18:06 of ice time. Ryan was Flyin' from the opening draw. “That's probably a first for me,” Ryan said after their best game of the season, when asked about the seven hits and what made them so rambunctious on this night. “I felt really good tonight. I woke up from a nap and came to the rink, and it felt like something clicked early. I went through warmups and had a little jump. I had an early hit, and once you get one ..” Asked if they feel they silenced some critics Tuesday, Ryan replied: “I don't listen to anybody or hear anything, so I don't care. It's all for naught when you lose. I'd gladly have played 11 minutes and been a minus-1 if we won. I don't care. We lost two points.” … The best early chance of the night belonged to Hoffman, who was set up by a heads-up Chris Neil play behind the net. Hoffman's point-blank chances was turned back by Robin (The) Lehner … Before Dion Phaneuf went the length of the ice and banged in a rebound of a Ryan shot, Fredrik Claesson had a strong offensive shift, while Mark Borowiecki was also around the net sniffing for a goal … Claesson has never been as noticeable as they were in this game.
BETWEEN PERIODS
Don't know about you, but my pride wouldn't allow me to go back to a team that had fired me, especially if I knew so many others would be lining up for my services. If I was Claude Julien, I would have told Marc Bergevin to take a hike … Hard to believe the 10th anniversary of the great Senators-Sabres brawl in Buffalo is just around the corner (Feb. 22). The memory of Ray Emery grinning as they traded punches with enforcer Andrew Peters is still fresh in our mind — probably because we've seen so many replays of it over the years. “Obviously, that was quite the game,” Neil, who watched the main event from the penalty box, remembered Tuesday morning. “That's the rivalry we used to have against these guys.” … Neil is guessing Detroit's Gustav Nyquist will get 10 games for their spear to the face of Minnesota's Jared Spurgeon. There is nobody who believes there was anything accidental about it. What if you were the culprit, Chris? “If that was me, that definitely would have been accidental,” said Neil, who has never been suspended. “You're always taught growing up in minor hockey to keep your sticks on the ice. That's part of the game.
HMMM
Finally, some Hip during the pre-game warmup. Should be a regular thing … Tyler Ennis is listed at 175 pounds but that seems like a great exaggeration, especially if you've seen their skinny little legs. Apparently he's pretty sturdy on them, though. Mark Borowiecki bounced off the Sabres veteran while catching them with a hit in front of the Senators bench … Nicolas Deslauriers succeeded in getting Phaneuf off the ice when the two were given offsetting minors from a scuffle in the first. Deslauriers got more than their money's worth, giving Phaneuf a couple of jabs that snapped the latter's head back. Linesman Michel Cormier finally had enough of the clinch that lasted far too long when they grabbed Deslauriers with some force and pulled them away … The three stars that appear in this paper were expertly selected by Kenny (Scooter) Warren. And what a fine job they did — compared to the guy who usually picks them .. Derick Brassard drew the ire of the Sabres when they flipped the puck into the net after a whistle had blown the play dead.
BUTT ENDS
Zack Smith had it right when they said “we're better against some of the best teams in the league, and have trouble beating some teams that are below us in the standings.” The Sabres fall into the latter category … Celebrating birthdays on Valentine's Day were Senators winger Tom Pyatt (30), Binghamton goalie Matt O'Connor (25) and ex-Senators defenceman Sean Hill (47) … Pageau continued their strong play in the circle of late, winning eight of 12 draws. Zack Smith was even better at 7-2 …Attendance was 16,832 …
LONDON The British government is prepared to intervene in consumer markets to reduce costs for bill payers, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday.
"We believe in the good that government can do – locally and nationally," May said at the launch of their Conservative Party's local election campaign.
"So where consumer markets are not working in the best interests of bill payers, we will act to make everyday costs more affordable."
May has highlighted energy as one sector that they say is not working for consumers, calling it unfair that many were stuck on the most expensive tariffs. They have said that the government is looking into ways of improving the market.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, editing by Elizabeth Piper)
Mandurah boy fends off 2m shark The West Australian
A Mandurah boy has told of the terrifying moment they fended off a two-metre shark.
The best decisions are made on the basis of the average of various estimates: this has been confirmed by the research of Dennie van Dolder and Martijn van den Assem, scientists at VU Amsterdam. Using data from Holland Casino promotional campaigns, they have researched whether it is true that when people make estimates, the average of their estimates is relatively close to reality. The results of the research are being published today in Nature Human Behaviour.
During the last seven weeks of 2013, 2014 and 2015, Holland Casino visitors could participate in an estimation contest. The participant with the most accurate estimate of the number of pearls in a giant champagne glass won the tidy sum of €100,000. In total, no fewer than 1.2 million people participated over the three years. "For our research, we analysed the three enormous datasets of these promotional campaigns. The data showed that averaging all of the estimates yields significant accuracy gains", says Van den Assem. "We also looked at the estimates of people who participated multiple times."
Wisdom of crowds
More than a century ago, the famous British scientist Sir Francis Galton researched estimation contests that were very similar to the estimation contest at Holland Casino. At a cattle market, visitors could estimate the slaughter weight of an exhibited ox. Galton examined the estimates made by people and found that, surprisingly, the average estimate differed little from reality. The principle that averaging multiple estimates provides a relatively accurate outcome--often better than most underlying estimates and sometimes even better than all--has come to be known as the Wisdom of Crowds principle. It is an important principle because accurate estimates are crucial for making good decisions.
Wisdom of inner crowds
Also interesting and important is the analysis of the estimates from people who participated multiple times. Recently, researchers have suggested that it is also useful to average estimates that come from the same person. Van Dolder and Van den Assem believe that averages from the same person do indeed work, and that therefore 'wisdom of inner crowds' also exists.
This is an attractive idea because it is often easier to make multiple estimates yourself than to involve various other people. For issues that require a high degree of specialised expertise and for private matters, decision-makers, in any case, have to rely on themselves to make the decision. Which holiday will you book? Will you stay with your partner or not? And will you or will you not move to a particular city? The research suggests that, to reach a good decision, it is better to think about it at different times of the day and with a few nights of sleep between each time.
However, in comparison, the accuracy improves more dramatically when you take the average of estimates from different people: the average of a large number of estimates from the same person is hardly ever better than the average of two estimates from different people. Van Dolder: "For the quality of estimates, it is therefore better if two people are both engaged in the same two projects than when each focuses entirely on an individual project."
Two heads really are better than than one, and for good decision making, taking the average of the estimates of various people remains the best approach.
###
PARIS — Italia Independent Group said on Monday it has signed a memorandum of understanding with French multinational advertising and public relations company Publicis Groupe SA for the sale of its creative consultancy Independent Ideas Srl to Publicis Communication.
“The announced operation has an important strategic goal since Independent Ideas has developed an expertise in creativity and a portfolio of outstanding customers which, thanks to Publicis' support, may further grow through Publicis' global network and managerial structure,” the company said in a statement.
The memorandum of understanding is binding and requires the parties to enter into definitive agreements within the first months of 2018.
Founded in 2007 by Lapo Elkann and Alberto Fusignani, Independent Ideas is a creative and communication agency built on the values of independence, cross-pollination, multimedia and “Made in Italy” design.
Independent Ideas cooperates with an international network of creative partners to develop integrated communications projects: branding, design, advertising strategies and campaigns, digital and interactive activities, video production, events and PR.
The uncovering of illicit business schemes, especially involving cryptocurrency transactions, indeed seem to yield profits, as is clear from at least two recent cases.
The German authorities have just made almost $14 million in a so-called "emergency" sale, according to a Monday report in the Tagesspiegel newspaper. The venture was agreed upon after the Bavarian justice treasury expressed concerns over the severe volatility of digital assets, which, in common with food, cars and other items that depreciate in value, are typically offered in special "emergency" sales.
The sold cryptocurrencies, including 1,312 Bitcoins, 1,399 Bitcoin Cash tokens and 220 Ether were seized during a crackdown on LuL.to, an illegal seller of copyrighted e-books and audiobooks. After their website was blocked last year, the assets streamed to a law enforcement fund.
The selloff of seized assets, which is Germany's biggest to date, started in late February, when Bitcoin's value had abruptly dipped after a record high of almost $20,000 at the end of 2017. Its value then went below $7,000 and then climbed up to $9,000.
In a similar move last autumn, the US Justice Department received a whopping $48 million from the sale of Bitcoin obtained from Ross "Dread Pirate Roberts" Ulbricht, broadly known as the operator of the Silk Road online drug market.
According to cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase, the value of bitcoin has slumped by roughly 21 percent since last month to reach $7,352, as of today, whereas second-biggest crypto-asset Ethereum now stands at $551.10 per coin, which is 20 percent cheaper than last month. Bitcoin Cash currently trades at $977 per coin, 30 percent down since late April.
READ MORE: Great Advances in Technology: From Silly Putty to Bitcoin
A video featuring Varun Dhawan and Taapsee Pannu practicing for the song Oonchi Hai Building for Judwaa 2 has surfaced online. The video shows the two actors trying hard to match their steps to the peppy number. The song playing in the video will take you back in 1997 when Salman featured in the original video in a double role along with Rambha and Karisma Kapoor for the film Judwaa.
Check out the video right here:
✿ Can't wait for #Judwaa2 🎊😍 #varundhawan A post shared by ❥ＶＡＲＵＮ ＤＨＡＷＡＮ (@longingforvarun) on Apr 16, 2017 at 5:22pm PDT
Don't the two look cute together?
Judwaa 2 is a remake of the 1997 action-comedy film directed David Dhawan. Judwaa 2, which is being made 20 years after the original, is also being directed by David Dhawan, this time with their son Varun Dhawan on board! Judwaa 2 stars Taapsee Pannu and Jacqueline Fernandez as the female leads. The film is presently being shot in London with Varun and Taapsee, while Jacqueline is expected to join the cast soon.
As per reports, Salman Khan will appear in Judwaa 2 as the original characters Raja and Prem that they played in Judwaa. Their characters will be shown after a leap of 20 years. The makers are also trying to rope in Judwaa actores Karisma Kapoor and Rambha in cameos.
Varun Dhawan is presently riding high on the success of their latest flick Badrinath Ki Dulhania, which has earned over 100 crores at the box office. The rom-com, directed by Shashank Khaitan starred Alia Bhatt opposite him. Taapsee Pannu, on the other hand, is on a happy high as their latest movie Naam Shabana, a spin-off from Akshay Kumar starrer Baby has done very good business at the box office. The film, which also starred Manoj Bajpayee has collected around Rs 36 crores at the domestic box office. Judwaa 2's second actor Jacqueline Fernandez was last seen opposite Tiger Shroff in 2016 film A Flying Jatt.
While Varun and Jacqueline have earlier worked together in John Abraham starrer Dishoom, they were not a jodi. Judwaa 2 will be their first film opposite Pink actor Taapsee. We are eagerly waiting to see which actor makes a better jodi with Varun Dhawan— Jacqueline or Taapsee!
HUDDERSFIELD, England — Huddersfield says head coach David Wagner has signed a contract extension to stay at the Premier League club for three more years.
Wagner, their assistant Christophe Buhler and first-team coach Andrew Hughes all signed new deals that will keep them at the club until 2021.
The trio all had 12 months left on their previous contracts, and Wagner had been linked with bigger clubs after an impressive debut season in the Premier League.
However, the German-American said "the decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOWER TOWAMENSING TOWNSHIP -- If you're looking for good food and a good deal, Carbon County is the place to be this week.
The Carbon County Chamber and Economic Development Corporation is hosting the third annual Taste of Carbon County Restaurant Week.
The festivities include dining deals and special menu options at more than a dozen places throughout the county.
"I think it's usually something you look for in bigger cities, so to have something out here is pretty nice," said Christopher Heath of Whitehall.
"We just started a new menu, so we are going to show them off and other specials and what we have to offer. People can come sit on the deck and check out our great view," said Michelle Westerman, Slopeside Pub and Grill.
For more information and for a list of participating restaurants, click here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WEST MAHANOY TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- Crews were called to a building collapse in Schuylkill County on Tuesday.
Part of a vacant building fell down on Saint Paul Street in the village of William Penn.
The building is attached to a home where people currently live. Nobody was hurt.
According to the new research report “Smart Glass Market by Technology (Suspended Particle Display, Electrochromic, Liquid Crystal, Photochromic, Thermochromic), Application (Architecture, Transportation, Consumer Electronics), and Geography – Global Forecast to 2023”, the smart glass market is expected to reach USD 8.35 Billion by 2023 from USD 3.32 Billion by 2017, at a CAGR of 16.61% between 2017 and 2023. The growth of this market is mainly driven by factors such growing demand for smart glass in automobile applications, strong government support through mandates and legislations for energy-efficient construction, and optimal energy saving through smart glass applications
♦Get PDF Brochure@
https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/smart-glass-market-907.html
Electrochromic technology expected to hold the largest share of smart glass market by 2023
Electrochromic technology is expected to hold the largest share of the smart glass market based on technology by 2023; the growth of the market for this technology attributed to a shorter switching time exhibited by this glass to switch from clear to dark state and increasing investments in this technology from the smart glass industry players. The automotive industry is a vital application area for electrochromic glass.
Smart glass market for architecture expected to grow at highest CAGR between 2017 and 2023
The smart glass market for the architecture application is expected to grow at the highest CAGR between 2017 and 2023. It offers energy-efficiency and improved aesthetics in these applications. Use of smart glass in various architecture applications increases the aesthetic value of a building and reduces the heating, cooling, and lighting costs significantly. In the architecture application, the smart glasses are used in doors, partitions, windows, skylights, and elevators. Various establishments in the architecture application using smart glass in their designs include residential buildings, schools and colleges, hospitals, corporate offices, and retail buildings including malls, outlets, and supermarkets and hypermarkets.
Europe expected to dominate smart glass market during the forecast period
The smart glass market in Europe is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Europe consists of a number of developed countries such as Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, and the UK. This region derives its revenues from the tourism, industry, and manufacturing businesses, among others. The hospitality and automotive manufacturing sectors in this region have grown tremendously due to supportive government policies over the past few decades. The government initiatives for green buildings and energy harvesting have contributed to the rise in the popularity of smart glasses. As a result, Europe holds a significant share of the overall smart glass market.
The key players in the market include SAGE Electrochromics, Research Frontiers, View, Inc., Asahi Glass Co., Gentex, Hitachi Chemical, Glass Apps, Pleotint, Polytronix, RavenWindow, Scienstry, Smartglass International, and SPD Control Systems. The key players in this market are increasingly undertaking the strategies of partnerships and collaborations, and product developments and launches to develop and introduce new technologies and products to the market.
“Why All the Fuss about Sex?” wonders Michael Ryan. They wonder enough to make it the title of the first chapter of their new book, A Taste for the Beautiful. One would be forgiven for thinking it would be a short chapter—consisting of the single word “duh”—but Ryan is a zoologist who studies evolution and animal behavior. So they have a slightly different take.
“I have a unique perspective to offer on these issues,” they write, “as I have spent the past 40 years studying the sexual behavior of a tiny, bumpy frog in Central America.”
It's not that they have a fetish; it's that they use these túngara frogs—along with bowerbirds, howler monkeys, fireflies, peacock spiders, collared lizards, corn borer moths, hairy caterpillars, surf perches, and bee orchids—to demonstrate how beauty, and the appreciation of it, may have evolved in animals. Like us.
Where's beauty come from?
Ryan's thesis is that we generally have beauty backwards. We take it as a given that certain traits are inherently attractive—a peacock's tail; a zebra finch's red beak; Daniel Craig's crooked smile, tight abs, and posh accent—and the brain then has to figure out why. But Ryan argues that “instead of the brain having evolved to detect beauty, the brain determines what is beautiful.” Beauty is in the mind, not the eye, of the beholder. And that mind not only perceives beauty but actually shapes it.
The proverbial beholder is usually female. It is not that female individuals are limiting in the reproductive game, but their gametes are. Males are defined as those members of a species who continuously churn out billions of tiny sperm over the course their lives. Females harbor the eggs, which are so much larger than sperm; they contain everything the fetus needs to grow and thrive (minus half of a genome). Because eggs are larger, they take more energy to make, so there are fewer of them. Each female gets only a limited number over their lifetime, and once one is fertilized, she's often tied up for a long time dealing with it while the male fertilizer keeps on churning out those sperm. This yields a sexual marketplace in which a surfeit of males has to compete to impress a limited number of females, who get to choose.
In so choosing, the females—their brains, anyway—dictate how the males display their wares. Ryan has spent their career examining how female brains evolved to want what they want, but also how those desires have acted as a selective pressure to drive the evolution of beautiful traits in males. Observing different species and their various courting strategies has led them to identify a couple of key mechanisms for how they developed. One is sensory exploitation, and its corollary is the idea of hidden preferences.
Evolving beauty
A mantra of Ryan's seems to be that, while brains are most often thinking about sex, they aren't always thinking exclusively about sex. One of the other main things they think about is food. Guppies are exceptionally well tuned to the color orange to home in on orange fruits that fall into the water; so male guppies evolved orange ornamentation. They exploited a sensory bias that already existed in females, subverting the extant foraging strategy into a mating strategy. The sensitivity to orange was being fulfilled by food, and male guppies just piggybacked on it.
Other times, females have latent desires that are completely unrealized until males evolve a trait that reveals them. This is what happened with platyfish. They are similar to swordtails, except they don't have swords on their tails. But when researchers attached swords to the tails of the male platyfish, the female platyfish went wild for them. The females had a hidden preference for the swords, probably inherited from the ancestor they share with the swordtails. Ryan came up with this idea in 1990 and claims that it is now considered to be “one of the major factors driving the evolution of sexual beauty.”
Perhaps it is best for some of these hidden preferences to remain so. Ryan ends with the disturbing notion that men have a hidden—in the sense of generally unrealized by normal women—preference for exaggerated female forms, like those displayed by airbrushed supermodels and Barbie dolls. When exposure to these hypersexualized forms was minimal or difficult to come by, this preference remained where it belonged (in fantasyland), and men could be content with the real live women around them. But now that we are saturated with such images, Ryan echoes Naomi Wolf's concern that “real naked women are just bad porn.”
And no, this won't cause women to evolve to look like Barbie; a real woman with those dimensions would not be able to accommodate a liver or intestines. It will only fatten the wallets of porn producers and possibly get in the way of men forming some real relationships.
Seeing the initial signs of indoor pests can be worrisome. In a short time, many different pests can begin to take over your home. They can get inside even if your house is clean and closely monitored. This article will discuss some common methods of pest control.
Once you eliminate fruit flies, do they seem to keep returning? The issue may be your drain. Put some plastic over the drain to see. If the fruit flies return, boil some water and pour it down the drain, then scrub the drain thoroughly. This will reduce the frequency of fruit flies in your home.
Before you decide to rid your home of pests you should consider the moral implications. For example, if you have a mouse problem you may want a method that just removes them, but does not kill them. These days most exterminators offer this to their customers, but it may be somewhat more expensive.
Sweep your kitchen and dining room floors and wipe your counter tops every day. Even small crumbs or bits of dropped food can attract ants, roaches and other pests. It is a good idea to empty the garbage each day. Trash can be a breeding ground for house and fruit flies.
Store flour, cereals, sugar, and other dry goods in sealed plastic, glass, or metal containers. This prevents invasions of pantry moths, weevils, ants, and even mice in your kitchen. Do not count on cardboard or other flimsy packaging to keep pests out. Mice can chew through them, and insects can penetrate tiny openings.
Do not assume that pests are completely gone just because you have not seen any. If your exterminator wants to come back for a follow-up, you should follow their advice. There is a good chance that there is still a small population in your home that could have come from eggs, so listen to the professional and stick to the follow-up appointment.
If you have a lot of debris and overgrown plants in your yard, you are inviting pests into your home. Litter, debris, overgrown plants, and trash are all great habitats for pests. If these pests are right outside your door, it will take no time before they are inside your home and becoming a problem.
Once a flea population has been established, they can be very difficult to eliminate. It is essential to eliminate all the fleas and their eggs from any animals who live in the home, and also kill any eggs, larvae and fleas from bedding and carpets. Keep in mind that it is vital to break their cycle of life, so do not hesitate to repeat the process multiple times.
When trying to avoid having pests in your house, realize that your yard is just as important to upkeep. Don't let trash sit around outside and make sure that there are no puddles or stagnant water collecting anywhere. Furthermore, keep your grass trimmed and the weeds to a minimal. You don't want your yard to be a pest playhouse.
Inspect any seeds or houseplants before you buy them and bring them home. You want to check for current signs of insects. You also want to look for disease issues that might attract insects. Never put something in your home that would attract bugs or pests in the wild outdoors.
If you can, try to eliminate pests without using pesticides. Although pesticides can get rid of insects, most of them are very toxic and can harm people if enough is breathed in. Therefore, try using an IPM approach. This approach involves using no chemicals so that you can eliminate pests without causing harm to anyone.
Make sure that your kitchen does not have grease problems. Grease is a regular dietary staple of ants, roaches and a number of small flies. Drain flies actually breed in grease pans. So, eliminate all visible grease areas. However, also deal with invisible grease underneath stoves and your countertops.
Have ants? Use lemons. Ants dislike the scent of lemons. Therefore, start using lemon-scented products, or actual lemons, to get rid of them. Try pouring lemon-scented oil along the perimeters of the rooms in your home. Use lemon-scented products to wipe up in the kitchen. You will soon notice that ants avoid you.
Unclog any drains that may have clogging issues. Pests are attracted to that type of organic material build up. Even just a minor clog can lead to roaches and flies entering your home. Picking up some sort of liquid de-clogger or a de-clogging snake tool will do the trick.
If you have a supply of firewood, keep it at least ten feet in distance from the outside of your home. Termites occasionally find and feast on firewood. While this would deprive you of firewood and mean termites in your yard, the space should buffer your home safely from infestation.
You can take matters into your own hands when it comes to pest control. Although certain situations may necessitate a call to your local pest control company, you can handle many common issues simply by following the tips included in the article above. Keep this piece as a handy reference, and pull it out whenever you need to refer to it.
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion director SS Rajamouli feels it's ‘not right' to ban the film in Karnataka. While the sequel to Baahubali: The Beginning is gearing up for a worldwide release in the last week of April, its screening seems uncertain in Karnataka due to Katappa. Some pro-Kannada organisations are allegedly trying to stop the release of the film in the state. They reportedly want Sathyaraj, who plays Kattapa in the film, to apologise for some controversial remarks they made several years ago regarding a water sharing dispute between Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. The actor had allegedly attacked pro-Kannada groups and activist Vatal Nagaraj, who is now leading an anti-Baahubali campaign in the state and is threatening to stop its screening.
Baahubali 2 director SS Rajamouli is not at all happy with the film being targeted for Sathyaraj's issues with pro-Kannada groups. Talking to a TV channel, the filmmaker said that they have worked with Sathyaraj for almost five years and could have never ever imagined that they are a person who could try to hurt someone. They further said that some videos were posted on the internet and after inquiring, they came to know that whatever comments Sathyaraj had made, was nine years back. After that, about 30 films of theirs were released in Karnataka including Baahubali: The Beginning. Rajamouli has alleged that suddenly raking up the issue at this point in time is not right.
They also stated that stopping Baahubali 2's screening in Karnataka will not affect Sathyaraj in any way since they are not the writer, director, producer or hero of the film but just a supporting character, who has acted in the film and went away with their remuneration. The director called the sudden attempt to stop Baahubali 2's screening as ‘sad'. They also said that turning the anger on Sathyaraj towards Baahubali is not right.
If reports are to be believed, no distributor or exhibitor has bought the theatrical rights of Baahubali 2 in the state fearing a backlash from pro-Kannada organisations.
MADISON, Wis. – While it might not be the wisest decision, it's generally not illegal to call a cop an asshole. It's one of those First Amendment things.
But perhaps free speech need not apply in the northwest Wisconsin village of Hammond, where resident and local government critic Tony Endres found themselves in trouble with the law for exercising their First Amendment rights.
In August 2015, Endres was out for a motorcycle ride when they said they waved at a police officer in their neighborhood. The police officer brusquely turned away, Endres said. Offended, Endres shouted out the offensive moniker.
“I came back that evening and another officer on duty at the time pulled into my driveway. They told me there was a complaint filed against me and I was going to be charged with disorderly conduct because of my statement. I said I didn't do anything wrong,” Endres said.
Nothing seemed to come of the incident at the time.
Weeks later, Endres received a personal advertisement letter from an enterprising local attorney asking whether Endres would like legal representation. For what? Endres was confused. The attorney in a review of online court records had discovered that Endres had been charged. But Endres said they were never served, either in person or by letter.
To Endres, the charge was retaliatory.
They had long been an outspoken critic of Hammond Police Chief Rick Coltrain, at one point accusing the law enforcement official of fraud. Endres provided documents and photographic evidence to support their allegation that Coltrain's car was parked in front of their home while the chief's time cards noted that they were on the clock and on the job. Endres also obtained phone records through an open records request that showed Coltrain placing a call from their cabin in Siren while their time cards said they were on the job.
In a decision that involved a recusal by one of Coltrain's allies, the Hammond Police and Review Board cleared the chief of any wrong-doing. Endres said it was small-town cronyism at its worst. Coltrain was “stealing money from the taxpayers,” Endres testified at the board meeting.
Their citizen activism did not play well with local law enforcement and the pro-chief members of the Hammond Village Board.
In closed session, a board member threatened Endres, according to the resident.
“He said he'd shoot me in the head, and I'd be in a body bag,” Endres said. A fellow board member resigned over the incident. Endres filed a complaint with the district attorney's office, but the DA did not file any charges.
Village Board President Tony Bibeau did not return a request for comment. The chief said they needed to consult the village attorney before responding.
Dan Orr, the police officer who filed the original complaint against Endres, claimed that they were “afraid for the safety of their family because of the actions of Tony Endres.” Orr, who previously worked on the Hammond police force but was employed with an area law enforcement agency at the time, noted Endres' “hateful posts” on their Facebook site and that they carry a concealed gun. Endres' Facebook posts are highly critical of police and local government officials, like so many other social media sites. And Wisconsin, like every other state, has a concealed carry law.
Endres said they had to go to court over a half dozen times in fighting the disorderly conduct charge. At the final appearance the judge asked them if they wanted to say anything to the court.
“I said, ‘I haven't broken any laws. It's not illegal to swear in public.' The (assistant) DA interrupts and says, ‘That's not for a judge to decide, that's for a jury,'” Endres said.
Frustrated and feeling like they would receive no justice in a provincial place controlled by corrupt government officials and their law enforcement allies, Endres said they were tired of the whole mess. They gave up their free speech fight and paid the $250 fine, entering a no-contest plea.
“They were dragging it out and dragging it out,” they said. “The assistant DA insisted on taking it to trial.”
“They beat me down, I admit it,” they said. “I didn't want to take the chance of going to trial with of all the corruption all the way through the county.”
Instead, Endres fought back at the polls. They ran for village board trustee in this month's election. They lost.
But the citizen activist hasn't quieted their campaign against what they claim is ongoing bad behavior by small town government leaders.
“I want to expose their behavior,” Endres said. “I want people to know what's going on in our local government. …People need to watch the police. Don't be afraid of the police or the government. They serve us, not the other way around.”
× Tropical Storm Nate has killed at least 21 people
(CNN) — New Orleans, and states from Louisiana to Florida, braced Friday as forecasters predicted Tropical Storm Nate would pound the Gulf Coast this weekend as a hurricane.
According to the National Hurricane Center, the eye of the storm was expected to pass late Saturday or early Sunday about 50 miles east of New Orleans, which was devastated 12 years ago by Hurricane Katrina. It would be the third hurricane, after Harvey and Irma, to hit the US mainland in six weeks.
A tropical storm warning was issued late Friday morning for New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain, west to Morgan City, Louisiana, the hurricane center said, while a hurricane warning was issued from Grand Isle, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border.
A storm surge warning was put in place from Morgan City to the Alabama-Florida line, as well as along the northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain.
“Residents in these areas should heed any evacuation instructions given by local officials,” the hurricane center said.
Nate killed at least 21 people as it passed Thursday over Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Honduras, where it caused widespread flash flooding and mudslides, officials said.
Over the warm waters of the northwestern Caribbean Sea, Nate was forecast to gain strength as it approaches the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico later Friday and possibly strengthen into a Category 1 hurricane by the time it makes landfall along the Gulf Coast, the hurricane center said. It is forecast to bring “direct impacts from winds, storm surge and heavy rainfall,” the center said.
In the latest hurricane center advisory, at 2 p.m. ET, the center of the storm was “moving quickly toward the northeastern tip of the Yucatan Peninsula and the Yucatan Channel.”
Nate packed maximum sustained winds of 50 mph Friday afternoon and was moving north-northwest at 21 mph, the hurricane center said. It was about 125 miles east-southeast of Cozumel, a Mexican island near the Yucatan Peninsula.
New Orleans gearing up
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu declared a state of emergency Thursday and advised residents to stay put over the weekend.
“There is no need to panic. Be ready and prepare. Get a plan. Prepare to protect your personal property,” Landrieu tweeted.
Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency for all of Louisiana. The storm will “make landfall in the close vicinity of New Orleans,” the proclamation noted, adding that six parishes have declared emergencies and others would do so soon.
New Orleans, much of which lies below sea level, was gearing up for a hit, and Landrieu urged people who live “outside the city's levee protection system or in low-lying area” to seek higher ground.
Residents have been wary since the city's unique drainage system experienced critical deficiencies during heavy summer rainstorms, leading to the flooding of several hundred properties.
Of the city's 120 main drainage pumps, three major and nine smaller ones were offline Thursday night, city records show. Also, all 24 major pump stations had backup generators, records show, as only three of five turbines that help power the city's oldest, most powerful pumps were available for service, a city water utility spokesperson told CNN.
“Residents who live inside the levee system should prepare to take shelter with essential supplies including food, water, and medications,” the mayor said Thursday.
Edwards authorized 1,300 National Guard troops to mobilize ahead of the storm, with some headed to New Orleans to help monitor the pumps, they said.
Storm due to move through quickly
Nate would be the first hurricane to hit Louisiana since Hurricane Isaac in 2012 as a Category 1 storm.
“It will still be fairly strong when it makes landfall, but it will be a quicker moving storm than the last few we have had,” CNN meteorologist Haley Brink said. “It's supposed to be in and out pretty quickly.”
TRACK TROPICAL STORM NATE
The storm could drop 3 to 6 inches of rain, with 12 inches possible in some areas, from the central Gulf Coast north through Tennessee and the southern Appalachians through the weekend, possibly spawning flash floods, the hurricane center said.
The last hurricane to hit the Louisiana-Mississippi-Alabama region in October was Hurricane Lili in 2002. The last time three hurricanes hit the mainland in the same year was 2008, when Dolly, Gustav and Ike came through.
Gulf Coast states prepare
Though Florida remained largely out of the forecast cone, hurricane, tropical storm and storm surge watches were issued late Friday from the state's border with Alabama east as far as Indian Pass, the hurricane center said.
With parts of Florida still reeling from Hurricane Irma, Gov. Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for 29 counties and encouraged residents to get prepared in case Nate's forecast track changes. Evacuations could be called, they added.
“Just think about your family: Get your three days of water, three days of food; if you're taking medicine, make sure you have your medicine,” Scott said Thursday in a news conference.
In Alabama, a statewide emergency declaration signed by Gov. Kay Ivey went into effect Friday morning. The move “frees up personnel and resources in case there is a need to respond to any storm related activity.”
Mayor Sandy Stimpson of Mobile, Alabama, warned residents Friday about storm surge.
“We encourage citizens in low-lying areas to pay special attention to newscasts,” they said at a news conference. “There is a projected 4- to 7-(foot) storm surge. It will happen to coincide with high tide, which will give you additional water levels.”
Mobile officials were checking storm drains for debris, taking measures to avert power outages and deploying critical equipment. Shelters were prepared to open, if necessary, Stimpson said.
“Don't wait 'til Saturday after dark to decide what you have to do in case things with the storm change,” they said.
Deadly storm slams Central America
Of the 21 dead in Nate's passage through Central America, 11 died in Nicaragua, eight in Costa Rica and two in Honduras, officials said. Several people also were reported missing after the storm hit.
Hundreds were rescued from floodwaters, and many lost power and running water in Nicaragua, Honduras and Costa Rica, officials said.
The main threat for Central America was heavy rainfall, which triggered life-threatening flash flooding and mudslides.
Costa Rica President Luis Guillermo Solis declared a national state of emergency to assist those affected by the storm.
Rain will continue to fall through Friday night in parts of Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Belize, with “life-threatening flash flooding and mud slides possible,” forecasters said.
William Marshall, who co-founded of the Toronto International Film Festival 40 years ago and saw it grow into one the foremost festivals in the world, died Sunday at the age of 77.
In a press release announcing Marshall's death, TIFF director and CEO Piers Handling called Marshall “a pioneer if the Canadian film industry.
“His vision of creating a public festival that would bring the world to Toronto through the transformative power of cinema stands today as one of their most significant legacies.”
Marshall's family said they were “in the business of making dreams become reality.”
Marshall produced hundreds of documentaries and earned credits on 13 different feature films.
Marshall, who immigrated to Canada from Scotland in 1955, founded the Festival of Festivals in 1976 with Henk Van der Kolk and Dusty Cohl.
It now draws nearly 500,000 people and nearly 400 films from over 70 countries annually and is generally considered second only to Cannes in attracting high-profiles stars and films and is considered a key venue for generating so-called “Oscar Buzz.”
Nine Best Picture Oscar winners have received their premiere in Toronto in the last 11 years.
Designers Deborah Sams and Mary Lou Ryan started Bassike — pronounced basic — in 2006 by creating exactly what their name states, basic pieces with staple organic jersey cotton Ts. From there, the Australian brand expanded to Japanese denim bottoms and since has evolved into smartly constructed, mainline collections. Everything is sustainably manufactured.
For their most recent collection, silhouettes were focused on defining the waistline, which is quite feminine for the brand who is known for their typically boxy and sheathlike shapes. Inspirations for the seasons always stem directly from new fabrications. The designers are particular about making sure the make and fit of all of their pieces are perfect — their “bread and butter.” There were great details, such as rope-ties, on dresses and pants, and especially great holding together a one-shoulder top. Other highlights included a gathered dress and check gusset skirt with jacket, all of which had a scrunched texture, as well as bandage belted skirts. It was simple and unfussy but effortlessly chic.
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections:
Reem Acra Resort 2018: Reem Acra's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking.
Nicole Miller Resort 2018: The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe, and for this resort collection, this was no exception.
Erdem Resort 2018: The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch.
RtA Resort 2018: Eighties' and Nineties' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal.
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018: The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit.
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018: Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance.
Prince William is embraced their daring side on the streets of London!
William did their best to go incognito on a Ducati motorcycle last week as they drove to a soccer field in South London, where they played a game with friends.
The royal dad's face was mostly covered by their helmet, and they were dressed down in jeans and a gray riding jacket. William looked like a pro as they drove around in the Ducati motorbike, which goes for around $20,000. The bike is the brand's Hypermotard model, and can go as fast as 130 miles per hour — though they wouldn't reach those speeds in London traffic!
Prince William TheImageDirect.com
After arriving at the soccer field for a game with friends, William shed their biker gear for a pair of soccer shorts and cleats to kick the ball around.
William has had a need for speed in recent week. They got the opportunity to test drive a bike during a visit to the headquarters of Triumph Motorcycles last month. There, they slipped a reflective jacket on over their blazer and sweater for a quick ride on the Triumph Tiger 1200. The royal has been open about their love of motorcycles in the past, though their wife, Kate Middleton has previously said that the prospect of William on a motorcycle scares them (not enough to stop them from doing it, however!)
Shutterstock
Kate hopes their son, Prince George, won't inherit their dad's love of motorcycles. They said: “Hopefully, I'm going to keep George off it!”
As a top network solution provider, Huawei LTE Gateways are an important series of wireless products for home or office networking. Huawei B593 is the world's first 4G LTE WiFi routers with Ethernet port(https://www.4gltemall.com/4g-wireless-router.html) and the new competitors are continuously presented to the public by Huawei in following years. Huawei E5186 wireless router is one of them. If you want to change the 3G router or ADSL connection to Huawei 4G Gateway, you may ask: what's the difference between the Huawei B593 and Huawei E5186? Which one is better in performance? In this article, we will review the appearance, interfaces, specs and variant models to provide possible answers for you.
Huawei E5186 VS B593 Router Appearance and Interface
The Huawei 4G Router B593(https://www.4gltemall.com/huawei-b593-4g-lte-cpe-industrial-wireless-router.html) and E5186 are both the 4G WiFi router with Ethernet ports in traditional router shape. On the front of Huawei B593 LTE CPE, there are some indicators for Power, WLAN, WPS, Telephone, Mode, and Signal. On the Huawei E5186, it indicates Power, Mode, WiFi, Voice, and Signal. Of course, Huawei logo is with the indicators. On the back, they both have two connectors for an external antenna. The connector type is SMA. They can use the same 4G LTE External Antenna(https://www.4gltemall.com/4g-antenna.html).
On the back, there is also a line of interfaces, including 4G LAN port(one for WAN/LAN), two telephone port, one USB 2.0 port and power plug port. On the Huawei E5186, there is a power button to switch on or off the power. Huawei B593 power button is at the side of the SIM card slot. The Huawei E5186 SIM card slot is also at the body side with the WPS and WIFI button. Huawei E5186 uses Micro SIM card while the first generation LTE router B593 uses standard SIM card.
Huawei B593 VS E5186 Specs and variant models
From the specs, we can't see much difference between the two Huawei routers. Actually, as the upgraded version of Huawei B593, Huawei E5186 almost followed the design of Huawei B593 and has just little adjustment. To meet the different LTE frequency bands worldwide, Huawei had assigned many variant models for LTE CPE B593, such as B593u-12, B593s-22, B593s-82, B593u-91, B593s-850, B593s-601, B593s-516, B595s-931 etc… Huawei E5186 also has two variant models: E5186s-22a and E5186s-61a. You can check details specs of the variant models on the product page. And below the table shows the details specs of Huawei E5186 and Huawei B593 Router for reference:
Model: Huawei E5186
Product type: LTE WiFi Router
Category: LTE Cat.6
Chipset: HiSilicon LTE Cat6 Chipset
Data rates: DL 300Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands:
Huawei E5186s-22a: Band 1/3/7/8/20/38
Huawei E5186s-61a: Band 3/7/28/40
WLAN: 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band 2.4GHz & 5GHz
Max supported users: 64 users
MIMO: 2 x 2 MIMO
Connector for external antenna: Two, SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna: Huawei E5186 external antenna
App management: Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size: Micro SIM
Battery: NO
Dimensions: 190 mm × 200 mm × 32 mm
Interfaces:
* 3 x LAN port(45)
* 1 x LAN/WAN port (45)
* 2 x telephone port(RJ11)
* Two external LTE antenna ports (SMA-J1.5)
* One micro-SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet: Huawei E5186 Datasheet(PDF)
User Manual: Huawei E5186 User Manual
Other features: Firewall, CS Voice, VoIP, TR069 Remote Management, HTTP Online Upgrade, QoS, USB Share, UPnP, IPV6, DLNA, Fax, Print, VPN
Firmware download: Huawei E5186 firmware
Driver: Huawei E5186 driver
Reviews: Huawei E5186 Review(https://www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-lte-cat6-wireless-gateway-review/)
Price/USD: 259.00USD
———————————-
Model: Huawei B593
Product type: LTE WiFi Router
Category: LTE Cat.3
Chipset: Qualcomm MDM9200
Data rates: DL 100Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands:
* B593u-12: Band 1/3/7/8/20
* B593s-22: Band 1/3/7/8/20
* B593s-82: Band 38/40
* B593s-601: Band 3/7/40
* B593s-516: LTE FDD Band 2/4/5/7/8
WLAN: 802.11b/g/n, dual-band 2.4GHz
Max supported users: 32 users
MIMO: n/a
Connector for external antenna: Two, SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna: Huawei B593 External Antenna
App management: Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size: Stand SIM
Battery: NO
Dimensions: 190 mm x 35 mm x 176 mm
Interfaces:
* 3 x LAN port(45)
* 1 x LAN/WAN port (45)
* 2 x telephone port(RJ11)
* Two external LTE antenna ports (SMA-J1.5)
* One stand SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet: LTE CPE B593 Datasheet
User Manual: LTE CPE B593 Manual
Other features: DHCP, Firewall, URL filter, LAN MAC filter, IP Filter, DMZ, Port forwarding
Firmware download: Huawei B593 Firmware
Driver: Huawei B593 Driver
Reviews: Huawei B593 Router Review(https://www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-b593s-22-4g-lte-router-review/)
Price/USD: 189.00USD
Huawei E5186 VS B593 Speed Test
If you want to know the real speed performance of the two router, check the Huawei E5186s-22 vs Huawei B593u-12 speed test:
[embed]https://youtu.be/qUHrShcHQvI[/embed]
Summary
From the specs table, we can see the Huawei E5186 is more advanced which could support up to 300Mbps download speed thanks to LTE Cat.6 with 2 x 2 MIMO and carrier aggregation technology. The speed is almost three times faster than the speeds of Huawei B593 router. The interfaces features are very similar in the two Huawei LTE Router with Ethernet ports. Huawei E5186 WiFi router could support maximum of up to 64 users, which is the double quantity of that on Huawei B593 router. So if you want to buy a fast 4G router, the Huawei E5186 would be the right one.
The advantage of Huawei B593 router is that it has many variant models for more LTE frequency bands, if you are looking for a router for specific bands, you may find one in LTE B593 variant models. And the Huawei B593 price is much cheaper than the price when it's first available in the market. And it's also much cheaper than Huawei E5186 price. If you don't have enough budgets for Huawei LTE CPE E5186(https://www.4gltemall.com/huawei-e5186-4g-cat6-802-11ac-lte-cpe.html), then Huawei B593 would provide 4G speed for your internet access.
Souring from https://www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-vs-lte-cpe-b593/
Application ranges straight seam steel pipe diameter range is 406~1600mm, even larger under special circumstances, the ratio of pipe wall thickness to pipe diameter is about 0.06~0.08. Foreign modern pipe making technology can produce welded pipes with wall thickness up to 100mm.
There are only a few methods for producing straight seam steel pipes from steel or steel strips in the industry. The principle difference lies in the forming method of the steel pipes. The subsequent processing of the steel pipes after forming is basically the same.
The forming method depends in principle on the distribution of the welds of the steel pipes. The steel pipes are divided into two basic forms according to the distribution of the welds: lsaw steel pipes and lsaw steel pipes. Correspondingly, the production of welded pipes is divided into the production of straight seam steel pipes and the production of spiral seam pipes. The most widely used welding method for straight seam steel tubes and spiral seam tubes is submerged arc welding (SAW), which has good quality, high productivity, mature technology and stability.
At present, foreign straight seam steel pipes are widely used in the following ranges:
· Main pipelines for the transport of gas, water and oil on land and in the sea;
· The chemical industry transports stainless steel pipes for chemical raw materials and products;
· Marine industrial structure pipe;
· Boiler manufacturing tubes and special purpose structural tubes.
Production of straight seam steel pipe
The production of straight seam steel pipes can be divided into two stages, namely the forming stage and the post-forming manufacturing stage.
The production of large-diameter straight seam submerged arc welded steel pipes in foreign countries is divided into four types according to the forming method:
· UOE process;
· Rollbending process;
· Progressive forming process;
· Progressive folding process.
Production of straight seam steel pipe
1.1 Forming stage
1.1.1 UOE forming
This method has the highest productivity and is the most important production method for straight seam steel pipes. The brief production process of the unit is first bent into a U shape, then pressed into an O shape, mechanical cooling expansion (Expansion) after internal and external welding.This method is characterized by the availability of extremely stable steel tubes with high productivity and the production of steel tubes over 18 m in length.
1.1.2 Roll forming
In this method, after several steps on the roll bending machine, the steel sheet is bent into an open tube, and the edge of the opening is not deformed and is still straight. Then open the tube is sent to the edge bender and the two edges of the plate are continuously rolled.
This method is characterized by strong adaptability and good economics for medium production, but the minimum diameter and maximum wall thickness of the steel pipe produced restricted.
1.1.3 Gradual molding
The forming process of this method is that the steel sheet is first sent to the pressing type, and then sent to the bending position by the controller, and an open tube is formed after passing through a series of pressing molds matched with the tube diameter. There are two controllers in operation, one side of the board is first bent into a semicircle, then the board is second controller moving, the other side is then also bent. Since the thickness of the curved die affects the roundness of the open tube, the thickness of the curved die must be kept to a minimum. Typically, after the forming is completed, the open tube is sent to the edge bender and the two edges of the sheet are continuously rolled into the desired shape. This method is characterized by strong adaptability, economical for medium production, and the ability to make small diameter and thick wall steel pipes.
1.1.4 Gradual bending forming
The steel tube forming by this method was originally used in the marine industry, and it is often necessary to form a particularly thick steel pipe by using a controlled rolling sheet in a cold state, and this method has high forming precision and pressure, and is used for making a sea. Industrial thick-walled steel pipe. This method is characterized by high-strength and thick-walled steel pipes, which are suitable for both small diameters and large diameters, so it can be manufactured in trunk pipes and marine structural pipes; system equipment is low in cost, adaptable, and economical. Good sex, even in small batch production, can reduce costs.
1.2 Manufacturing stage after forming
After the above forming stage is completed, the post-manufacturing stage of the large-diameter straight seam steel pipe includes a series of substantially similar processes, the main process:
1.2.1 The edge of the board is machined to weld the groove.
The machining methods are milling and planing. On either side of the board, there may be one or more milling and planing heads. According to the thickness of the plate, the groove can be processed into an I-shaped, single V or double V groove with a certain blunt edge. The extra-thick steel pipe can be used to mill the outer seam into a U-shaped groove. The purpose is to reduce the consumption of welding materials and increase the productivity, while the root is wider to avoid welding defects.
1.2.2 tack welding, commonly known as pre-welding. It is generally carried out by carbon dioxide gas shielded welding, the purpose of which is to stabilize the steel pipe, which is particularly useful for subsequent submerged arc welding to prevent burn through. After the steel pipe is positioned and welded, it shall be visually inspected to confirm that the weld is continuous without any defects.
2.2.3 Inner and outer welding of steel pipes, that is, precision welding. After the steel pipe is positioned and welded, the subsequent welding is mainly the inner and outer welding of the steel pipe, which is an important part of the steel pipe manufacturing process. It is completed by a submerged arc welding method separate from the forming unit. In order to improve productivity, the inner and outer seams are welded by multi-wire submerged arc welding, and the number of welding wires can be up to 5 wires. In order to avoid weld deviation, a special weld automatic centering device is installed on the welding head. Multi-layer welding is applied to thick-walled steel pipes to reduce heat input and improve the physical properties of the weld.
1.2.4 Weld inspection.
In order to identify the welding defects as soon as possible, ultrasonic testing and X-ray inspection are performed immediately after the welding operation is completed, and the defects are found to be repaired in time.
1.2.5 Cold expansion.
After the completion of welding, the roundness and straightness of the steel pipe usually cannot meet the relevant standards and technical requirements. The sizing and straightness are used in the pipe manufacturing plant and are completed by the mechanical cold expansion method.
1.2.6 Water pressure test of steel pipes.
The test pressure can be as high as 90% or more of the yield strength of the steel pipe material.
1.2.7 Finally, the entire steel pipe is subjected to ultrasonic inspection and X-ray inspection and visual inspection.
A A
BAGHDAD — A suicide bomber driving a pickup loaded with explosives struck a bustling market in Baghdad on Monday, killing at least 36 people in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group hours after French President Francois Hollande arrived in the Iraqi capital.
The bomb went off in a fruit and vegetable market that was packed with day laborers, a police officer said, adding that another 52 people were wounded.
During a press conference with Hollande, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers. Once the workers gathered around, they detonated the vehicle.
IS claimed the attack in a statement circulated on a militant website often used by the extremists. It was the third IS-claimed attack in as many days in and around Baghdad, underscoring the lingering threat posed by the group despite a string of setbacks elsewhere in the country over the past year, including in and around the northern city of Mosul.
The attack took place in Sadr City, a vast Shiite district in eastern Baghdad that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.
Shiite militiamen loyal to Muqtada al-Sadr, the firebrand cleric for whose family the neighborhood is named, were seen evacuating bodies in their trucks before ambulances arrived. Dead bodies were scattered across the bloody pavement alongside fruit, vegetables and laborers' shovels and axes. A minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire.
Asaad Hashim, an owner of a mobile phone store nearby, described how the laborers pushed and shoved around the bomber's vehicle, trying to get hired.
“Then a big boom came, sending them up into the air,” said the 28-year old, who suffered shrapnel wounds to their right hand. They blamed “the most ineffective security forces in the world” for failing to prevent the attack.
An angry crowd cursed the government, even after a representative of al-Sadr tried to calm them. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's 6 million residents.
“We have no idea who will kill at any moment and who's supposed to protect us,” said Ali Abbas, a 40-year old father of four who was hurled over their vegetable stand by the blast. “If the securities forces can't protect us, then allow us to do the job,” they added.
Three smaller bombings elsewhere in the city on Monday killed another seven civilians and wounded at least 30, according to medics and police officials. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters.
Hollande meanwhile met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum, and later traveled to the self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet with French troops and local officials. There they pledged support for helping displaced Iraqis return to the city of Mosul, where Iraqi forces are waging a massive offensive against IS.
“We must also prepare a political solution for Mosul's post-liberation so that its inhabitants can live together,” they said.
France is part of the American-led coalition formed in 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria. France has suffered multiple attacks claimed by the extremist group.
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants and bad weather.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city and the last major urban area in the country controlled by IS. Iraqi and U.S. commanders hope to drive IS from the city in the next three months.
___
Associated Press writers Lori Hinnant and Sylvie Corbet in Paris contributed.
Description :
Concrete Mixers-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Concrete Mixers industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Concrete Mixers 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Concrete Mixers worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Concrete Mixers market
Market status and development trend of Concrete Mixers by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Concrete Mixers, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/2914099-concrete-mixers-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Concrete Mixers market as:
Global Concrete Mixers Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Concrete Mixers Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Below 2 m3 Type
2-10 m3 Type
Above 10 m3 Type
Global Concrete Mixers Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Construction Sites
Roads & Bridge Projects
Industrial Used
Global Concrete Mixers Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Concrete Mixers Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
SANY
Oshkosh Corporation
ZOOMLION
LiuGong
TORO
TEREX
Xuzhou Construction Machinery Group
HITACHI
Liebherr
Sinotruk
Altrad
VOLVO
Multiquip Inc.
Shandong Hongda Construction Machinery
Shanghai Hua Dong Construction Machinery
ELKON
Fangyuan Group Co
SHANTUI
RexCon
Ammann Elba Beton GmbH
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/2914099-concrete-mixers-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content
Chapter 1 Overview of Concrete Mixers
1.1 Definition of Concrete Mixers in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Concrete Mixers
1.2.1 Below 2 m3 Type
1.2.2 2-10 m3 Type
1.2.3 Above 10 m3 Type
1.3 Downstream Application of Concrete Mixers
1.3.1 Construction Sites
1.3.2 Roads & Bridge Projects
1.3.3 Industrial Used
1.4 Development History of Concrete Mixers
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Concrete Mixers 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Concrete Mixers Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Concrete Mixers Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Concrete Mixers 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Concrete Mixers by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Concrete Mixers by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Concrete Mixers by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Concrete Mixers by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Concrete Mixers by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Concrete Mixers by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Concrete Mixers by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Concrete Mixers by Types
3.2 Production Value of Concrete Mixers by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Concrete Mixers by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Concrete Mixers by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Concrete Mixers by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Concrete Mixers
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Concrete Mixers Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Concrete Mixers Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Concrete Mixers by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Concrete Mixers by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Concrete Mixers by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Concrete Mixers Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Concrete Mixers Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Concrete Mixers Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 SANY
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Concrete Mixers Product
7.1.3 Concrete Mixers Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of SANY
7.2 Oshkosh Corporation
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Concrete Mixers Product
7.2.3 Concrete Mixers Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Oshkosh Corporation
7.3 ZOOMLION
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Concrete Mixers Product
7.3.3 Concrete Mixers Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of ZOOMLION
7.4 LiuGong
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Concrete Mixers Product
7.4.3 Concrete Mixers Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of LiuGong
7.5 TORO
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Concrete Mixers Product
7.5.3 Concrete Mixers Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of TORO
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
92.7 BIG FM, one of the largest radio network in India, in association with Drishti Foundation is paying a musical tribute ‘Jaane Kahan Gaye Wo Din' to Hindi Cinema's Greatest Showman, Shri. Raj Kapoor. The event would be taking place on Saturday, 2nd June, 8.45 pm, at Master Dinanath Mangeshkar Natyagriha, Vile Parle, Mumbai.
The fabulous show by visually impaired artists from Drishti Foundation will be commemorating their 30th death anniversary. Drishti Foundation aims at creating strong foothold for millions of visually impaired people across India. The tribute is a part of its initiative to bring employment to visually challenged fraternity and their constant endeavour of displaying their talent to the fullest potential across platforms. The initiative is led by visually impaired executive trustee of Dhrishti Foundation, Priyesh Jain and their team.
Come and enjoy the evergreen songs from movies of Shri. Raj Kapoor as exceptionally talented artists showcases an amazing display of heart throbbing music.
QUINN CITY: It's been a busy year so far for Richard Quinn, winner of the inaugural Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design. He's been working with Liberty on clothing and accessories collections, and has a second collaboration lined up with the British department store Debenhams.
Their first 11-piece dress collection for Debenhams hit the shop floor earlier this week, while the second will launch for spring 2019. The lineup includes many of the designer's signatures, such as large floral prints and voluminous silhouettes. Prices range from 69 pounds to 149 pounds.
“It was an effortless collaboration and it's always nice to have different entry points. Perhaps the girl who doesn't shop at Net-a-porter or Matchesfashion can now have a Richard Quinn garment that is still intrinsically ‘us,'” said the designer of their decision to collaborate with the store.
The collection, which retails for a fraction of Quinn's original price point, already has a bestseller, according to Christine Morgan, director of public relations at the store. It's a sheer paneled floral-print dress. “People have been actively searching it out and we've had a really good reaction to it so far,” they said.
While some of the prints were created exclusively for the Debenhams, a few were drawn from Quinn's personal archive. “We've kept it more to their handwriting than to ours,” Morgan said. “It is quite a brave range for a store like Debenhams, but we haven't tamed it down too much or diluted it — which is a great thing.”
In addition to Liberty, Quinn has also worked with H&M in the past. The designer made headlines earlier this year when the Queen sat in the front row of their fall runway show and later presented the designer with their award.
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in last year's Las Vegas massacre faces federal charges of illegally manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, a criminal complaint filed Friday indicates.
Investigators charged Douglas Haig for making and selling the bullets even though they aren't licensed to do so. They said they found their fingerprints on unused bullets in the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino hotel room from where Stephen Paddock opened fire on a crowd attending a country music festival.
The shooting on Oct. 1 left 58 people dead and hundreds injured.
Earlier this week, a Nevada judge unsealed search warrant records, which named Haig as a second person of interest in the shooting. Investigators had also interviewed Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, as person of interest, but later cleared them
Haig, 55, of Mesa, Ariz., is a senior engineer for Honeywell Aerospace, an aircraft engines and avionics manufacturer in Phoenix. They also work for Specialized Military Ammunition, an online store that sells specialized military ammunition.
Haig told reporters Tuesday they had nothing to do with the shooting attack and does not know why authorities made any connection to him. They admitted they sold ammunition to Paddock and met them once, but didn't know them personally.
4 million students have benefited by taking over 10 Million Online Mock Tests provided by Testbook to help them crack numerous Government Recruitment Exams with ease.
Navi Mumbai, India, July 3rd, 2018: One of the big names among Competitive Exam aspirants – Testbook.com, is celebrating the faith of over 4 million students. Starting their journey, 4 years ago, Testbook has come a long way, gaining the trust of millions of students and helping them prepare for a bright career. With their affordable monthly and yearly Subscription Plans, aspirants of all backgrounds can easily purchase Online Tests & practice from the comfort of their home.
Apart from its flagship online test series, Testbook.com has started multiple initiatives to solve problems faced by Government and Bank job aspirants from across the nation. A few such initiatives are:
Testbook.com Online Center (TOC): Providing Tier I/II/III city's students a One-Stop Solution for Test Preparation, where they can practice tests in exam-like environment without worrying about lacking access to computers, internet or power backup.
Testbook.com Smart Lab (TSL): Empowering local Institutes/Teachers to set up computer labs at their institutes to provide Online Test Practice to their students along with their learning courses from the beginning of their preparation. This initiative helps students prepare the best from even a Tier IV town.
Testbook.com eCard: It's a prepaid card, primarily designed for Tier II/III students so that they can access the Online test packs in their cities. Students can purchase eCards from Testbook.com Online Center, Testbook.com Smart Labs or local bookstores and can activate the unique code with a single step on Testbook.com on their smartphones.
Now that all the major recruiting bodies conduct their exams online, aspirants feel the need to begin their practice virtually, on computers. Students who prepare for Banking, SSC, Insurance, Railways and other such exams trust Testbook.com and begin their preparations. The Testbook App & their Current Affairs App have total installations of over 9.8 Million. These Apps have so far helped learners solve more than 874 million questions on the go.
Along with Banking, SSC & Railways, Testbook has also provided Online Mock Tests for 70+ exams & aims at launching 120+ Tests in the near future for various other Recruitment Exams.
About Testbook
This start-up is the brain-child of 6 young IITians, who believe in bringing a wave in the Education sector of India. Testbook believes that India's talented youth can be a catalyst to a huge change in the country. Being in the Government workforce by working in the Public Sector, the young, can positively affect the nation. Testbook aims to see a Government Officer in each household & strives to guide each aspirant in the right direction.
Two polished tables stolen from West Coast Timbers in Myalup on Monday.
Two polished tables stolen from West Coast Timbers in Myalup on Monday.
Two custom made tabletops worth thousands of dollars have been returned after they were stolen from West Coast Timbers in Myalup on March 13.
A 43-year-old Brunswick man and a 36-year-old Brunswick woman have been charged with aggravated burglary and stealing.
About 8pm on March 13, it is alleged the man and woman broke into the office of West Coast Timbers stealing two table tops, one a marri slab the other a karri burl.
The karri burl, when combined with the base which was not taken, was estimated to be worth $30,000 and the marri worth $3500.
On Saturday, the tabletops were located and in a search of the property police allegedly found cannabis, for which a man was charged.
The man was also charged for breach of bail and allegedly had an arrest warrant out for non-appearance in court on an unrelated matter.
They appeared in court on Sunday and was remanded into custody with bail refused.
The woman will be appearing in Bunbury Magistrates Court on March 26.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA), the militants attacked al-Hamadaniyeh neighborhood in Aleppo city on Tuesday night. Two children were among those who were injured due to the attack, the media outlet said, adding that some houses were damaged.
The shelling carried out by the militants is yet another violation of the memorandum on de-escalation zones in Syria, the news agency noted.
In May, Russia, Turkey and Iran signed the memorandum on the establishment of safe zones in the country as part of the Astana talks on Syrian settlement. The four zones include the northwestern Idlib province and parts of the neighboring Latakia, Hama and Aleppo, the north of the central Homs province, Eastern Ghouta near Damascus, as well as southern Daraa and Quneitra regions.
The LG G7 ThinQ is due to be officially unveiled next week, on Wednesday 2 May, but at the rate the leaks and rumours have flooded out there'll barely be anything to announce.
We already expect there to be an iPhone X-style notch on the front, thanks to several leaked images including the press render posted by @evleaks last week. That will house the AI Cam system also found in the LG V30S ThinQ, which analyses what it sees to set the perfect shooting conditions based on subject and lighting.
And it is widely thought the phone will have a dual-lens camera on the rear.
Now it is also understood that the LG G7 ThinQ will have a dedicated button for Google Assistant on the side of the phone.
CNET cites "people familiar with the smartphone" as its sources. They say a GA button will be found on the left-hand side, while the power button will be on the right (as you can see in the image above).
A fingerprint reader will appear on the rear near the camera lenses.
If you're not particularly bothered about being able to call on Google Assistant physically, it is also said that you will be able to reassign the button to call up a different app instead - much like Samsung's dedicated button for Bixby, as found on the Galaxy S8, S9 or Note 8.
LAFAYETTE, Colo. — A physical education teacher at a middle school in Lafayette, Colorado was placed on paid administrative leave Thursday pending the outcome of an investigation, Boulder Valley School District officials confirmed.
Lafayette Police say the investigation into Karen Smith stems from an allegation they assaulted a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Police responded to Angevine Middle School around noon Thursday. Detectives are currently conducting interviews to determine what happened and if criminal charges are warranted.
District officials declined to confirm details surrounding the alleged incident. However, in a letter sent to parents, administrators write that they are cooperating with police.
School officials say Smith, a 20-year veteran of the Boulder Valley School District, will be replaced with a substitute teacher for the time being.
The school also asks that “everyone respects Ms. Smith's privacy,” and stress they are “dedicated, as always, to supporting our students and ensuring that we have qualified educators working with them during their physical education time.”
By Steve Barnes
Arkansas' Supreme Court halted two executions hours before they were due to take place on Monday, while a federal appeals court overruled a lower U.S. court decision that had blocked the state's original plan to put eight inmates to death in an 11-day period.
The decision by the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis was independent of the Arkansas State Supreme Court ruling, meaning the state was barred from executing condemned killers Don Davis and Bruce Ward as scheduled on Monday evening, the Arkansas attorney general's office said.
Ward, 60, and Davis, 55, were being held in cells near the state's death chamber and their execution warrants were due to expire at midnight (0500 GMT Tuesday). The next executions are scheduled for Thursday.
In a 4-3 decision, Arkansas' highest court stayed the executions of Ward and Davis, each of whom has spent more than 20 years on death row. Their lawyers had raised questions about their mental competency.
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge later petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn the reprieve granted to Davis, sentenced to die for the 1990 slaying of Jane Daniel, 62, during a home burglary.
But Rutledge's office declined to challenge the stay ordered for Ward, who was convicted of strangling 18-year-old gas station attendant Rebecca Doss in 1989.
The separate 8th Circuit Court decision vacated a ruling made over the weekend by a U.S. district judge that halted all eight executions.
The legal fight in Arkansas, which last put someone to death 12 years ago, came after the number of U.S. executions fell to a quarter-century low in 2016 and as capital punishment in several states was stymied by problems with lethal-injection drugs and legal questions over their protocols.
THREE DAYS OF EXECUTIONS
Arkansas said it would go ahead with its plans to execute the remaining six inmates on its current eight-man roster by carrying out dual executions on Thursday, April 24 and April 27.
Critics have contended that Arkansas' rush to the death chamber was reckless. The state has said it had to act quickly because one of the drugs in its difficult-to-obtain lethal injection mix, the valium-like sedative midazolam, expires at the end of April.
Attorneys for the eight were likely to appeal the federal appeals court ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court. They filed a separate petition for stays on Monday with the U.S. Supreme Court over a procedural matter.
The state also argued that U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker abused their discretion on Saturday when they ruled about potential harm from midazolam.
The drug has been used in flawed executions in Oklahoma and Arizona. Critics contend it does not put a person in a deep enough state of unconsciousness and should not be used in executions.
The state Supreme Court on Monday also lifted a temporary restraining order imposed last week by a state judge who blocked the use of one of three drugs Arkansas planned for its executions – vercuronium bromide – after pharmaceutical companies said the state deceived the firms in procuring the chemicals.
In 2014, Oklahoma was the last state to try carrying out two executions on the same night, an effort that went badly awry.
A poorly secured intravenous tube popped loose during the first attempt, spraying the inside of the death chamber in lethal-injection chemicals. The second execution set for that night was canceled.
Texas conducted the last successful dual executions in the United States in 2000.
BEIJING (AP) - Asian stock markets were mixed Monday following Wall Street's gain and China's appointment of a new central bank governor and other top economic officials.
KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index rose 0.2 percent to 3,275.28 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 21,483.22. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 31,618.67 and Seoul's Kospi fell 0.4 percent to 2,484.41. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,963.50 while Taiwan also rose. Benchmarks in New Zealand and Southeast Asia declined.
WALL STREET: Energy companies, industrial firms and smaller companies gained, helping the market break a losing streak. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.2 percent to 2,752.01. The Dow Jones industrial average added 0.3 percent to 24,946.51. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.25 points to 7,481.99.
CHINA'S NEW FACES: A U.S.-trained economist was named to succeed longtime Chinese central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan as part of a slate of new economic officials. The appointments come as Beijing is trying to rein in surging debt and reduce financial risk. The new governor of the People's Bank of China, Yi Gang, is a veteran deputy central banker who is known to foreign investors and regulators as head of China's foreign exchange regulator. The ceremonial national legislature also approved a second term for the commerce minister and appointed a finance minister.
FED WATCH: Investors are closely watching this week's first meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve's rate-setting committee under newly appointed Fed chairperson Jerome Powell. The potential for insight into how the new Fed leadership will operate makes this "arguably one of the most important policy setting meetings in recent years," said Tai Hui of J.P. Morgan Asset Management, in a report. Forecasters already expect a 0.25 percentage point increase in the Fed's benchmark interest rate but want to know its economic outlook, which will influence future decisions. "The committee's assessment on the U.S. economy and subsequent policy outlook is going to be crucial," said Hui.
RUSSIAN ELECTION: President Vladimir Putin rolled to a crushing re-election victory. There had been no doubt that Putin would win their fourth election against seven minor candidates after their most prominent foe was blocked from the ballot. With ballots from 80 percent of Russia's precincts counted by early Monday, Putin had amassed 76 percent of the vote. Observers and individual voters reported widespread violations including ballot-box stuffing and forced voting, but the claims are unlikely to dilute the power of Russia's longest-serving leader since Josef Stalin. As the embodiment of Russia's resurgent power on the world stage, Putin commands immense loyalty among Russians.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 31 cents to $62.03 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract jumped $1.15 on Friday to close at $62.34. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 36 cents to $65.85 per barrel in London. It climbed $1.09 on Friday to $66.21.
CURRENCY: The dollar edged down to 105.81 yen from Friday's 105.98 yen. The euro declined to $1.2273 from $1.2291.
PHOENIX — Charges have been dropped against Arizona Cardinals second-round draft pick Christian Kirk, who was arrested on counts of disorderly conduct and property damage in February.
The Arizona Republic reports that Scottsdale city records show the charges against Kirk were dropped Tuesday. They were arrested by Scottsdale police after leaving the Waste Management Phoenix Open on Feb. 3.
Scottsdale police say Kirk was with a group that was intoxicated and throwing rocks at cars.
The Cardinals had said they were aware before they drafted Kirk that the wide receiver had been arrested on the charges.
President Donald Trump directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a statement from the White House Monday afternoon.
“Racism is evil — and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
“Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America,” Trump said.
Democrats and Republicans have excoriated Trump for their unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was allegedly hit by a car driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups.
After blaming the violence “on many sides” Saturday, Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours. letting their trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it succumbs to silence and vagueness.
Trump's comments came as they took a short break from their 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House. They initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing their US Trade Representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property.
This was the White House's latest attempt to clarify Trump's comments from Saturday.
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that “of course” the President condemns “white supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups,” but declined to explain why the President wasn't saying it himself.
Trump also remained mum on Twitter, declining to send a single tweet of their own Sunday, only the fourth in their 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message of their own.
Trump did, however, use Twitter on Monday to push their political message and settle a score: They slammed Ken Frazier, the CEO of Merck Pharma, who resigned from Trump's manufacturing Council over their failure to condemn white supremacists.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES,” Trump tweeted.
Frazier, one of the nation's top African-American CEOs, has spent considerable time at the White House with Trump before they resigned their position.
This story is breaking and will be updated.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Wando terminal at the Port of Charleston in the US state of South Carolina was evacuated over the report of a "potential threat" in a container of one of the vessels moored there, the US Coast Guard of the 7th District Southeast said Thursday.
"At approximately 8 p.m. Wednesday authorities were made aware of a potential threat in a container aboard the vessel Maersk Memphis in the Port of Charleston. The Maersk Memphis is currently moored at Charleston's Wando terminal which has been evacuated while law enforcement units from federal, state and local law enforcement agencies investigate the threat," the Coast Guard said in a bulletin.
The USCG Southeast said about two hours later on its Twitter that the investigation was ongoing.
#Update A 1 NM safety zone has been established around the vessel while law enforcement authorities investigate the threat. — USCGSoutheast (@USCGSoutheast) 15 июня 2017 г.
#update #investigation into Maersk Memphis threat active and ongoing by unified command in Charleston. — USCGSoutheast (@USCGSoutheast) 15 июня 2017 г.
© AFP 2017/ TABASCO HOY Where is Iridium? Police Find Stolen Van, but Its Radioactive Cargo is Gone
Local media reported, citing the Coast Guard, that the authorities launched the investigation after a man named George Webb posted a video on YouTube, saying there could be a "dirty bomb" aboard the ship docked at the Port of Charleston loaded during its recent trip to Pakistan.
So-called dirty bombs add radiation to the standard explosives.
View of the C-17s this morning from the Wando Welch Terminal! #scports pic.twitter.com/henwGlLMpf — Ashley Iseman (@ashleyi_chs) 25 мая 2017 г.
According to FleetMon tracking website, the ship's latest port of call before Charleston was Newark.
A new report from AutoExpress shines light on Skoda's future electric vehicle plans, set to begin early next decade with a series of purely electric models. Just before that, the Czech manufacturer will launch plug-in hybrid version of the current generation Superb in 2019.
Only a year later, a production version of the Vision E concept will be introduced. This will be the third model from the Volkswagen Group based on the dedicated MEB platform, following the Volkswagen I.D. and an Audi EV. Interestingly, Skoda will be given almost the same level of priority as its German brother companies.
Shortly after, the brand from Mlada Boleslav will release what is believed to be its most expensive model ever – a coupe-SUV, set to be positioned between the Karoq and Kodiaq in length. Thanks to the clever MEB modular architecture, the vehicle will offer enough interior room for five passengers, while a highly efficient electric motor will provide power of at least 300 horsepower (224 kilowatts).
AutoExpress claims Skoda will ask about £40,000 for the model (or about $52,000 at the current exchange rates). The British publication also suggests Amiq, Eliaq, and Anuq as possible badges for this all-electric coupe-SUV.
On the other spectrum of the EV range, Skoda will launch a budget EV hatch, potentially resurrecting a legendary moniker for the marque – the Felicia. Basically, this vehicle will be Skoda's variant of the Volkswagen I.D. – about the same size as the current Rapid Spaceback, slightly smaller than the Octavia. According to the report, the EV hatch will cost roughly the same as a well equipped VW Golf, or around £26,000 (about $33,836).
The brand's electric range will grow with two additional models by 2025 – another crossover and an all-electric sports coupe. Interestingly, the latter is rumored to be a spiritual successor of the classic 110R, but electric, as Christian Strube, Skoda's head of R&D, already confirmed.
Source: AutoExpress
Galleries
Collection
Stephanie von Watzdorf's aesthetic is banked on the global gypset of the utmost bohemian order, so certain far-flung elements — caftans, gauzy beach dresses and pom-poms and tassels galore — remain consistent. But for resort, von Watzdorf added a little Janis Joplin rock edge, via leopard prints, pink and black color combos and some wild faux furs into the already very eclectic mix. “I saw a documentary on their six months ago, and it just told me I needed to dig a little deeper into their spirit,” von Watzdorf said. “It's a lot about layering elements that don't necessarily go together but work beautifully.”
A cropped black vest with black caviar beading was worn over a black peasant shirt and pink psychedelic printed pants. A shaggy faux fur jacket came over a white tuxedo shirt with a gold sequined bib and cool navy pajama pants that zipped up the side. A patterned woven kimono jacket clashed in the best way with printed pants. At a time when the luxe bohemian look has gone far and wide up and down the fashion food chain, Figue's details stand out. Von Watzdorf's beading is gorgeous and hand-done. Them pom-poms and tassels are a cut above. “We go through sometimes 10 rounds of them sending us samples, to the point where one of the owners of the tassel-makers wanted to strangle me,” they said. “He said, ‘I've never worked so hard making the perfect tassels, Madame Stephanie.'”
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections:
Reem Acra Resort 2018: Reem Acra's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking.
Nicole Miller Resort 2018: The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe, and for this resort collection, this was no exception.
Erdem Resort 2018: The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch.
RtA Resort 2018: Eighties' and Nineties' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal.
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018: The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit.
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018: Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
Jockey Paul Hammersley produced the ride of the day on Tisani Tomso at a soggy Doomben.
Jockey Paul Hammersley produced the ride of the day on Tisani Tomso at a soggy Doomben.
The Doomben meeting has been abandoned after five races due to constant drizzle but not before the ride of the day by jockey Paul Hammersely in the main race.
A jockeys delegation went to flight attendants after the Daniel Bullimore Handicap on Saturday and complained that visibility was deteriorating rapidly.
Chief flight attendant Daniel Aurisch said the main concern was two more races of 15 runners were scheduled.
"It wasn't worth the risk and jockey safety should alway be paramount," Aurisch said.
Earlier, Hammersely's decision to defy the day's trend and stick to the fence gave Tisani Tomso an overdue win in Brisbane.
Tisani Tomso has been a great money-spinner for Toowoomba trainer Kevin Kemp, taking their prize money to $358,000 by winning the Daniel Bullimore Open (1200m).
Tisani Tomso had not won in Brisbane since October 2015.
"I knew if I kept coming back they would win one down here eventually. Gee, they have been great for us and that was their 11th win. I would like a few more like him," Kemp said.
Tisani Tomso will be set on the trail to give Kemp a chance of a fifth win in the Toowoomba Weetwood in April.
"Every trainer in Toowoomba wants to win the Weetwood and it has been a great race for me," Kemp said.
They have previous won the premier Darling Downs sprint with Tellem (twice), Startell and Kempelly.
Tiasni Tomso ($5.50) never left the fence to beat Boomwaa ($3) by 1-3/4 lengths, with 1-3/4 lengths to Stella Ombra ($3.90) in third.
Almost all the jockeys had steered away from the fence on a very heavy track but Hammersley ignored the pattern.
"No one had been there all day except for the third horse in the first race who made ground. I figured if they continued to travel strongly (I would) stay there and that is how it worked out," Hammersely said
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- A new study says the Nova Scotia and federal governments should shy away from putting public cash into new port infrastructure in the province.
The document, paid for by the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency and the province's Transportation Department, describes challenges faced by the Port of Halifax and proposed container port facilities in the Strait of Canso and in Sydney.
It says a large public investment would be "risky," and that private-sector stakeholders should determine which projects go forward.
The report by CPCS consultants continues to highlight challenges -- also raised in a previous report published in 2016 -- faced by the Novaporte development at the Port of Sydney, such as the lack of railway access and the possibility of ice in the harbour.
However, the 48-page document obtained by The Canadian Press also notes both the Sydney site and the Melford proposal in the Canso Strait could handle large vessels for which Halifax may not have the capacity.
The report is dated March 23 of this year, and has been circulated to the province, the federal government and container port proponents and port authorities.
Quinn: domestic medium hair, female, two years old
Mitts: domestic shorthair, male, two years old
Bailey: domestic medium hair, female, two years old
Dogs
Bobbi: Belgian Malinois mix, female, one year old
Pumpkin: Mastiff mix, female, two years old
Josie: Labrador mix, female, seven years old
Mickey: Husky mix, male, four years old
Hansel: Aussie mix, male, seven years old
Here are the cats available for adoption from Community Animal Allies of Niagara.
Adoption fee is $50 for mature cats and $125 for kittens.
All cats are spayed/neutered, vaccinated to date, deflead/dewormed and microchipped. CAAN is always looking for foster homes to take care of kittens and cats until they get adopted and also for volunteers to socialize cats. Call 289-213-1868 or 905-688-3720, or visit www.caancatmobile.org.
Peppermint: 10 years old, female, dilute calico, short hair, shy but very sweet.
Wolf: Six-year-old dog, sheppard/husky mix, gets along with cats, owner going into nursing home. Call 905-246-5343 for more information.
CAAN will be having a fundraiser garage/bake sale Saturday at Ridgeway Days in Ridgeway from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Come out and support our group.
The solution of the Cyprus problem is up to the parties, Stéphane Dujarric, Spokesman for the UN Secretary General, has said, noting that the UN have provided their good offices and that the UN chief's views are well known.
Asked to clarify a response they gave yesterday regarding statements by the so-called foreign minister of the illegal Turkish Cypriot regime in the Turkish-occupied areas of Cyprus calling for recognition, Dujarric said “the settlement in Cyprus is one that is up to the parties.”
“The United Nations has put up its good offices. The Secretary General put up their good offices. Their report has gone to the Security Council and will be made public later this month, and I think the Secretary General's views on this issue are well known,” they said.
Dujarric clarified that what they were answering was “on the issue of principle, on how recognition or membership is devised,” adding that “it is not a statement on the current state of the discussions in Cyprus.”
To a remark that there was no reference by the Secretary General in their report to the reason that led to the Crans Montana talks failure, which was because Turkey refused to withdraw its troops and relinquish its right guarantees, Dujarric said the Secretary General “was very clear in their statement after Crans Montana.”
“He used very clear and simple words. I don't think they are up for reinterpretation. There will be a report to the Security Council and I think the report speaks for itself,” they added.
Dujarric, responding to a question, said the Secretary General has put in a lot of effort to try to reach a settlement on Cyprus, and that it was “up to the parties to come to an agreement.”
Their remarks were in response to a view expressed by an Israeli journalist that settlements have been declared illegal under international law, and in reply to a question whether the Secretary General will distinguish the settlement of Turkish residents from Turkey in Cyprus and if they see that as a potentially illegal settlement activity particularly with the military from Turkey.
The UN is there to facilitate it and there is also a large number of issues that has to be worked through by those parties, they added.
Asked by CNA about the UN's position on the taxes imposed on the enclaved Greek Cypriots in the Turkish-occupied areas of the Republic of Cyprus, Dujarric's office attached a press release issued by the UN Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP) on the issue.
“At 10:50 am on 4 October, an UNFICYP vehicle carrying humanitarian supplies departed Nicosia for Greek Cypriot communities in the Karpas, as has been regular practice for close to four decades. UNFICYP was obliged to limit today's delivery to medical aid supplies, following the Turkish Cypriot administration's unilateral decision to impose taxes and fees on other humanitarian goods,” the press release said.
It added that “UNFICYP regrets the decision taken by the Turkish Cypriot administration, which it considers to be an unfortunate development” and that “the Mission's role of delivering humanitarian assistance to Greek Cypriot and Maronite communities in the northern part of the island is based on a longstanding agreement between the sides known as Vienna III, and provides hundreds of elderly and other vulnerable people with basic supplies on a weekly basis.”
“UNFICYP stands ready to assist the sides to reach a mutually acceptable solution, with the interests of the affected communities in mind,” it concluded.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — A cryptic message posted on a social media page by the suspect in the deadly van attack in Toronto will be part of the ongoing investigation, Homicide Detective Sgt. Graham Gibson said during a press conference.
"The accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before they began driving the rented van," Gibson said on Tuesday. "It's something that we'll take into account in this investigation throughout the coming weeks."
On Monday, 25-year-old suspect, Alek Minassian, drove a van into a crowd of pedestrians in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 others.
Media reported that Minassian's cryptic Facebook post saluted a college student who carried out a shooting at the University of California at Santa Barbara in 2014, killing six people and injuring 13 others. They called the shooter Elliot Rodger "the Supreme Gentleman."
Minassian also wrote on their post that, "The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys!" Rodger used the term "incel" in their online posts condemning women for rejecting him, media reported. "Chad" and "Stacy" are slang terms used in internet forums to describe men and women with more robust sex lives, media reported.
Gibson was unable to speak about the suspect's possible motive in the attack because they have already been charged in court.
Earlier on Tuesday, media reported Minassian was charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. The suspect's cell phone was also seized by authorities, Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders told reporters at the conference.
Headline team news from Vitality Stadium ahead of our @premierleague game against @ManUtd.
Surman starts
Wilson also returns
Gosling, Defoe on bench
Live audio https://t.co/ja36JJhjnZ #BOUMUN | #afcb pic.twitter.com/FUf3FxcauY
If you're a dog lover, put this on your to-do list this weekend. You need to check out the Sioux Empire Kennel Club fall dog show.
The Sioux Empire Kennel Club has been hosting dog shows since 1964.
Bill Burggraff of Sioux Empire Kennel Club told KDLT News, “It's a family oriented sport, hobby. Kids like it. Everybody seems to like the dogs. We all like to be able to see the dogs.”
Nearly 800 dogs from all over the country are in town this weekend to compete in the show that kicked off on Friday.
According to KDLT News, these four-legged competitors and their owners will try to score the most points in obedience and rally trials. While attempting to qualifying for other prestigious dog shows from around the country like the Westminster Dog Show.
The various pooches will be strutting their stuff both Saturday and Sunday, (October 28 & 29) from 8 AM to 6 PM at the Sioux Empire Fairgrounds.
Source: KDLT TV
WASHINGTON World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said on Thursday that the multilateral lender does not plan to change its stance on financing alternative energy projects and mitigating the effects of climate change.
Asked about the Trump administration's scepticism about climate change at a news conference, Kim said the World Bank would continue to work with governments and the private sector to boost financing for alternative energy, especially in China, India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Pakistan and Vietnam.
"The science of climate change didn't change with any particular election, and I don't see that it will," Kim said. "We have to be an evidence-based organisation."
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Paul Simao)
Ndamukong Suh will visit with the Los Angeles Rams on Tuesday, according to reports.
Suh, 31, considered the top defensive tackle on the market, has already visited the New Orleans Saints and Tennessee Titans. Suh told Jordan Schultz of Yahoo! Sports that those meetings went well.
Suh was released by Miami on Wednesday halfway through the six-year, $114 million contract they signed with the Dolphins.
The Rams have been active this offseason, trading for lockdown cornerbacks Aqib Talib and Marcus Peters. Los Angeles has money to spend as it sits near the top in cap space for 2019 and 2020, according to Over The Cap.
SAN DIEGO — How your spuds are cooked is key to your health. People who eat fried potatoes two or more times a week double their risk of an early death compared to those who avoid them, a recent study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found.
Eating potatoes that have not been fried was not linked to a similar early mortality risk, the researchers noted.
“Fried potatoes consumption is increasing worldwide,” warned Dr. Nicola Veronese, lead author of the study and a scientist at the National Research Council in Padova, Italy.
In 2014, Americans consumed 112.1 pounds of potatoes per person, according to the National Potato Council. Of that total, 33.5 pounds were fresh potatoes, the remaining 78.5 pounds were processed. According to the US Department of Agriculture, the majority of processed potatoes Americans eat are French fries.
Trans fats in fried potatoes
Veronese and their colleagues have been tracking 4,440 people aged 45 to 79 over a period of eight years to study osteoarthritis. This research team decided to momentarily set aside the main issue of osteoarthritis and look at participants' consumption of potatoes.
Even though most of us may have assumed that fried potatoes could be unhealthy for us, there is “very limited” scientific data on this issue, Veronese explained in an email.
So the researchers divided study participants into subgroups based on how frequently they ate potatoes each week. Over the eight years, a total of 236 of the participants died. Analyzing the data for each group, Veronese and their team found that those who ate fried potatoes two to three times each week doubled their chance of dying early compared to those who ate no fried potatoes.
French fries, potato chips, hash browns — and any other preparation requiring a fryer — are all included under the umbrella of “fried potatoes,” Veronese explained.
Age or sex of participants did not influence the result, but the data showed men were more likely than women and younger participants were more likely than older participants to enjoy the fried food.
The study is observational, meaning the researchers simply tracked the behavior of a group of people and found an association between one behavior — eating fried potatoes — and another factor — early death. Because it is an observational study, Veronese and their co-authors note it cannot be said that eating fried potatoes directly causes an early mortality — it would require more research to draw such a firm conclusion.
“Even if it is an observational study, we believe that the cooking oil, rich in trans-fat, is an important factor in explaining mortality in those eating more potatoes,” said Veronese. Trans fat has been shown to raise the “bad,” or LDL, cholesterol in the blood, which can lead to cardiovascular disease.
Yet, they also added that “other important factors,” including obesity, a sedentary lifestyle and use of high quantities of salt might also play a role in the early death of those eating two or more portions of fried potatoes each week.
National Potato Council CEO John Keeling said the “study isn't relevant to the general population” since the data was collected for an osteoarthritis study and includes only patients with arthritis. “Potatoes are inherently a very healthy vegetable,” said Keeling in an email. They said a medium-sized potato is 110 calories, has no fat, no sodium, no cholesterol, and provides nearly a third of the daily vitamin C requirement with more potassium than a banana.
“How the potato is prepared will impact the calorie, fat and sodium content,” said Keeling, however the basic nutrients remain “no matter how it is prepared.”
Based on the data in the study, Keeling said, “it is very much a stretch to brand fried potatoes, or any other form of potato, as unhealthy.”
Susanna Larsson, an associate professor at the Institute of Environmental Medicine, Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, Sweden, noted that the new study provides “no evidence” that potato consumption in and of itself may increase the risk of an early death. Larsson was not involved in the new study. Instead, it may be the “other factors” suggested by Veronese himself.
“Fried potato consumption may be an indicator of a less healthy (Western) dietary pattern which is associated with increased mortality,” said Larsson, who also conducted a study of potato consumption. Them study did not find an increased risk of cardiovascular disease linked to eating potatoes.
Understanding acrylamide
The potential danger when eating fried starchy foods, such as French fries, is acrylamide, said Stephanie Schiff, a registered dietitian at Northwell Health's Huntington Hospital in Huntington, New York. Schiff was not involved in the study.
Acrylamide is “a chemical produced when starchy foods such as potatoes are fried, roasted or baked at a high temperature,” explained Schiff in an email. The browning process is actually a reaction that produces this chemical one shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals and considered toxic to humans, said Schiff. Acrylamide is also a potential cause of cancer, they said.
“You can reduce your intake of acrylamide by boiling or steaming starchy foods, rather than frying them,” said Schiff. “If you do fry foods, do it quickly.”
They also suggested you “go lighter” since “the darker the food, the more acrylamide it may contain.”
Finally, Schiff said that potatoes should not be stored in the refrigerator because this could lead to producing more acrylamide when the potatoes are later cooked.
“Increase your intake of fruits and vegetables for a healthier alternative,” said Schiff.
Veronese said they hope their new study will suggest to everyone that consuming fried potatoes “could be an important risk factor for mortality. Thus, their consumption should be strongly limited.
× Burglar Caught on Camera Swiping Pool Heater
ARCHBALD — A bizarre burglary has stalled construction work at a new golf course in Lackawanna County. A burglar swiped the club's new pool heaters but they were caught on camera.
It's been a perfect pool week, but the new pools at the Club at the Highlands golf course in Archbald are still off limits because the club can't seem to keep its pool heaters.
Police say three heaters have been stolen along with a filter over the past two weeks.
“We're trying to get it done and completed and stuff. Everybody loves the place and wants to get here, wants to use the pools and stuff, and then everything like this is a setback to it,” said owner Ken Powell.
Powell says the place has been open for a little more than a week. The security system caught the second of two burglaries in the past two weeks.
You can see a man drive up and then slowly remove a heater just before 11 p.m. Tuesday. He's wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and a ball cap and he's seen driving a silver SUV.
The security cameras at the place are brand new so, after the first theft a few weeks ago, the staff at the Club at the Highlands came up with their own security system.
“There was some makeshift security here with a board, with a couple nails in it. It looks like the individual from last night will have some holes in their tires,” said Archbald Police Chief Tim Trently
The chief says officers are looking for the SUV with a flat and any pool heaters for sale.
“What are they going to do with these pool heaters? Whether it's for personal use or to sell it outright, but somehow, we're looking for somebody with flat tires, pool heaters for sale, and possibly a pool pump,” said Chief Trently.
The Club at the Highlands is at a loss of about $10,000.
Anyone with information about the burglaries is asked to call Archbald police.
© AP Photo/ Francois Mori Annual "Tradition"? Over 900 Cars Set on Fire or Damaged in France on New Year's Eve
If you've ever had to discuss working matters by email or by phone two hours before midnight, you know what it's like: even though you left the office hours ago, somehow you're still at work. Well, from now on, if your boss decides to write you an email, you are legally allowed to ignore it until working hours the next day. At least, if you live in France.
A new amendment, already dubbed the "right to disconnect," has been introduced into a set of labor legislation reforms by French Labor Minister Myriam El Khomri. This amendment requires all French companies with more than 50 employees to draw up policies that would set hours when no business-related emails may be sent or replied to — which would typically be evening and weekend hours.
According to French government officials, this measure has been taken to reduce work-related stress leaking into people's personal time, leading to psychological burnout.
"Employees physically leave the office, but they do not leave their work. They remain attached by a kind of electronic leash, like a dog," Benoit Hamon, Socialist member of Parliament and former French education minister, told reporters earlier in May. "The texts, the messages, the emails: They colonize the life of the individual to the point where they or they eventually break down."
"At home the workspace can be the kitchen or the bathroom or the bedroom," says Linh Le, a partner at Elia management consultants in Paris. "You're at home but you're not at home, and that poses a real threat to relationships."
© AFP 2016/ LOUAI BESHARA France Condemns Any Russian Move Leading to Escalation of Syrian Conflict - Prime Minister
It goes without saying that the move has sparked its own share of criticism. Some critics of the new legislation said this will make French companies lose their edge against companies from other countries where such legislation does not exist. Of course, long workdays and overtime is not necessarily a boon to competitiveness, as it may very well be merely an indicator of bad management or inefficient processes inside the company.
Others, like the CEO of Paris-based online marketplace PriceMinister Olivier Mathiot, say that such changes don't necessarily require legislation and could be solved through education.
Interestingly, this amendment was the only one that was not met with wide public criticism, while all other points of the new law, which aimed to ease France's tight labor legislation and lower standards of labour protection, sparked mass protests in Paris and other cities earlier in September. The proposals were reportedly so unpopular even within President Francois Hollande's own Socialist Party that the government was forced to approve the law without a vote.
April 6 Frasers Centrepoint Limited
* Issue Of S$52 Million 4.150% Fixed Rate Notes Due 2027 By Fcl Treasury Pte. Ltd
* Notes were issued under s$5.0 billion multicurrency debt issuance programme established by issuer on 16 January 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Division Three
Stabannon Parnells 2-13 Cuchulainn Gaels 2-4
Stabannon Parnells came out on top in this game having led by 2-10 to 1-3 at the break.
Aonghus Giggins top-scored for Parnells with 0-9, while brother, Colm, and David Cluskey struck the goals as well as two points apiece.
In fairness to Cuchulainn Gaels, while this was their third defeat on the trot, the Omeath men out-scored the winners in the second half, 1-1 to three points.
Eight of Giggins' points came from placed kicks, with their final two coming in the second period. Cluskey got Parnell's other point after the break.
Stabannon travel to face Wolfe Tones tonight (Tuesday) in their next match, while Cuchulainn Gaels host table-toppers Lannléire on Wednesday.
Stabannon Parnells: Wayne Lynch; Ken Lynch, Martin King, Alan Lynch; Thomas Campbell, Brendan O'Kane. Liam Giggins; Niall Cluskey, Colm Giggins (1-2); Fintan Martin, Aonghus Giggins (0-9), David Cluskey (1-2); Niall Fanning, Dean Lynch, Patrick Bell
Cuchulainn Gaels: Brendan O'Hagan; Brendan McKeown, David Heaney, Peter Morgan; Marty Ward, John Morgan, Seamus McCabe; Michael McCabe, Francis O'Hagan; Jordan Loye, Martin Hynes, Rammie Phillips; Cian McDonald, Brian Elmore, Eoghan McDonald
Subs: Paudie Ryan, Brendan Caldwell, James Ward, Gavin Mullen, Paul O'Hanlon, Chris Connolly
Referee: John Crawley (St. Kevin's)
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) are a group of progressive lung diseases which interfere with the airflow and make it difficult to breathe. The lung disease includes non-reversible asthma, emphysema chronic bronchitis. The air flow is narrowed due to the damage of the lung tissues. Air pollution and smoking are the main risk factors of this disease. COPD is a common and incurable disease which is characterized by increased breathlessness, persistent respiratory symptoms and airflow limitations. The biomarkers are obtained in the form of bronchi alveolar fluids sputum, blood, urine and exhaled breath. These compounds are produced by the metabolic process in the body and are non-invasive metabolic markers. These biomarkers provide information to verify the disease, its stage, treatment and responses.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6937
Factor driving the Asthma and COPD Biomarker market
Asthma and COPD biomarker market is primarily driven by the increasing smoking rate and growing pollution levels. According to WHO reports 64 million people had COPD and 3 million people died of COPD in 2004. Long-term exposure to chemical fumes, vapors and dusts are also some factors which are causing COPD and driving the market. Moreover the demand of breath analyzers is increasing in schools hospitals and other institutions to ensure the safety of the individuals.
The COPD biomarkers are non-invasive and are produced by the metabolic process in the body in the form of urine, sputum, and by exhaled breath etc. Increased levels of FeNO (Fractional exhaled nitric oxide) in exhaled breath is obtained by the hand held breath analyzers. These devices are easy to use and quick in diagnoses of the disease. Fibrinogen as a biomarker is measured in the plasma. Its increased levels provide the severity of COPD, airflow colonization and emphysema. The increased level of fibrinogen, white blood cells and C- reactive protein (CRP) combined together is accounted as a major risk for COPD. However, lack of awareness and diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases is hindering the growth of asthma and COPD biomarker market. Also if the disease is not detected at the earliest stage it could lead to respiratory infections, heart problems, lung cancer and high blood pressure. The overall market of asthma and COPD biomarker is pushed by the increasing demand of growing expenditure on healthcare. Asthma and COPD biomarker market offers the potential to identify disease in its earliest phase and the technology in the devices and the test kits holds a strong perception in future with its continued investment.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6937
Regional Market Outlook
Geographically, asthma and COPD biomarker market is segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa and Japan. The market in North America is expected to dominate the asthma and COPD biomarker market globally followed by Europe, North America is the dominant asthma and COPD biomarker market due incidences and prevalence of chronic pulmonary diseases in the region due to astringent and powerful regulations for the patient care and safety. The market in Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher rate with the awareness programs and with the increasing chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases in the population. In addition, government initiatives on providing better healthcare facilities to the population contribute to the growth of the asthma and COPD biomarker market. With the availability of new technologies in regions such as Asia Pacific and Latin America is going to further spur revenue growth during the forecast period.
Competition Outlook
Some of the major players identified in Asthma and COPD biomarker market are Spirosure inc. GE Healthcare, Astrazeneca, Owlstone Medical Ltd, Circassia Limited, Bedfont® Scientific Ltd., ECO MEDICS AG., Vitalograph, Mologic ltd, Akers Biosciences, Inc etc. The Companies are involved in collaboration agreements for R&D in order to exploit maximum potential. Also they are mainly focused to strengthen the core competencies of their product portfolio with the increasing demand for the diagnosis of COPD and asthma.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The mayor of a small Italian town has ordered a pile of earth be dumped on the road leading to a residence to stop more migrants moving in.
Vitulano, in the province of Benevento in southern Italy, already hosts a SPRAR (System for the Protection of Refugees and Asylum Seekers) centre housing 30 migrants, but Mayor Raffaele Scarinzi took exception when the government tried to move a further 34 migrants into a private residence they said was suitable only for 12.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
In protest, they ordered a load of earth to be dumped on the road leading to the residence to prevent the migrants from reaching it.
Mr Scarinzi told la Repubblica: “We are starting to get too many [migrants] and their presence worries the community. Friday saw a succession of street protests.
“I pointed out that we could not accommodate 34 people in a structure built for 12, but [the authorities] did not listen to me. So I closed the road.”
They said the order to fill the road with earth was “just a signal, a way of saying that the order had to be respected. When you close a road they always put blocks or hurdles up to enforce the ban. However, it only lasted a few minutes.”
They denied accusations that the people of Vitulano were racist for not wanting the extra migrants, saying: “Vitulano is a friendly town, but the addition of migrants must be sustainable. At the SPRAR shelter, refugees are treated by us better than they are anywhere else. We've had migrants on the local football teams; one of them starred in a movie filmed here in September.
“But a circular from the [local] Prefect prevents the opening of other facilities where there is already a SPRAR centre. If the state does not respect its agreements, it is natural for people to protest.”
Mayor Scarinzi's actions earned them the praise of the leader of Lega Nord, Matteo Salvini, who wrote on Facebook following the protest:
“The mayor of Vitulano (in the province of Benevento) closed a road, dumping a load of earth to block it and prevent the arrival of new immigrants.
“For some bleeding hearts what they did was wrong, but I think they did good! The mayor is with the Democratic Party. Are they a racist populist too?”
Salvini has offered to visit Vitulano, an offer Scarinzi thanked them for but added: “there's no need to visit regarding this specific issue. If they want to come and find out more about us, they are always welcome.”
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
During California's recent drought, media coverage focused on residents cutting back on water usage as a conservation measure.
However, a University of Kansas researcher who examines water conservation policy and the habits of well owners in Kansas said the story is likely more complex than that when individuals are organized by their types of water supplies.
Brock Ternes, a KU lecturer and doctoral graduate of Sociology, has constructed one of the only datasets of wells owners used in the social sciences and found that well ownership is significantly correlated to increased watering during droughts and that water conservation varies among those who own different types of wells.
"People who have higher levels of awareness in Kansas tend to also be using more water during droughts, but I don't think that makes them bad environmentalists," Ternes said. "These are people who are more aware of their water supplies and in the business of using water."
Ternes surveyed 864 Kansans, of which 48 percent were private well owners and 52 percent relied on municipalities for their water supplies to their homes.
Like so many regions suffering from recent droughts, rural Kansas has been particularly hard-hit by the scarcity of water. The High Plains Aquifer -- an underground water source that much of Kansas relies on for water -- has been over pumped for its valuable irrigation water, and researchers estimate that unless pumping is curtailed, the aquifer will no longer support irrigation wells in portions of southwestern Kansas within 25 years, Ternes said.
It might seem counterintuitive that well owners -- who are generally more aware of their own water supplies than those who rely on municipalities, according to Ternes' previous research -- use more water during a drought, but they said it's likely a function of how they use the water, especially while irrigating crops. During non-drought years, adequate precipitation tends to reduce the reliance on groundwater for sustaining crops.
Ternes said well owners are likely more aware of water supplies and know when to tap into the aquifer to keep their crops alive because they can rely on adequate precipitation during non-drought years.
"When people are faced with a problem of resource scarcity, they don't necessarily curtail their consumption," Ternes said. "In other words, drawing from a stock of natural resources in times of scarcity or stress does not automatically disqualify someone from being an environmentalist. But over-users during times of abundance can be ruled out. This implies that groundwater flight attendantship requires selective timing for making extractions."
Their latest research project adds to scholarship on well ownership and environmental citizenship.
"Groundwater is a crucial source of freshwater for people all over the world," Ternes said. "And wells moderate the relationship between water supply awareness and drought-time watering practices. This work suggests that environmental researchers need to study well owners as a distinct social group with consequential responses to droughts."
They will present their findings on Tuesday, Aug. 15, at the American Sociological Association's 2017 annual meeting in Montreal.
###
The cold nights and warm afternoons will stick around for another couple of days. Lows will be in the 30s and highs in the 60s. By Friday, temperatures increase and the southerly flow returns ushering in more moisture. The humidity will increase, as will the rain chance over the weekend. It doesn't look like a washout right now.
A chemical in the lining of canned food has been linked to an increased risk of diabetes and obesity.
According to a new report the chemical, Bisphenol A, or B.P.A. is being used less but can still be found in plenty of products.
The Center for Environmental Health recently tested more than 250 cans, purchased at supermarkets and dollar stores. They found nearly 40 percent still contain B.P.A. That's down from 67 percent two years ago but Charles Margulis with the Center for Environmental Health says that's still too high and should be zero percent.
Several major food manufacturers have either taken B.P.A. out of their products or are in the process of doing so. Some companies even add a B.P.a.-free label.
News 9 checked court records and discovered Deffner had several VPOs filed against them by their estranged wife and their family, citing their violent nature.
A tragic double-murder in Norman led to an overnight manhunt in Bethel Acres. That's where deputies found the suspect, Timothy Michael Deffner, 55, dead out in the middle of field. The Pottawatomie County Sheriff Mike Booth confirmed they died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
News 9 checked court records and discovered Deffner had several VPOs filed against them by their estranged wife and their family, citing their violent nature.
News 9 also found the one document that may have pushed them over the edge. The affadavit that explained why they were facing five criminal charges for a roofing scam involving their in-laws home.
News 9 learned Deffner was just charged February 6, for falsifying checks during a 2013 roofing claim on the Patterson family home. A warrant for their arrest had just been issued Tuesday, February 7.
Michael Deffner and Cayann Patterson were married on Valentine's Day in 2014 , but it didn't take long for the relationship to unravel.
Court records show they filed for divorce in July of 2015. This, only after Patterson and others had filed victims protective orders to keep them away.
The VPOs stated Deffner drove their truck through the garage door of the family home, and shoved a stun gun into Patterson's chest. It goes on to say they threatened to kill Patterson's children and burn down the house with them in it. An ominous foreshadowing of what police would find at their home on Lindsay Street late Tuesday night.
2/8/17 Related Story: Norman PD Searches For Armed, Dangerous Man Related To Two Deadly Shootings
"It's very emotional to think your home in your home your place of safety and someone takes your life," said Norman Police Chief Keith Humphrey.
Norman officers also got a call about a shooting at a home on Trisha Lane about five miles away. That is where officers found attorney Bryan Young, who had been shot multiple times. News 9 checked and Young was representing Patterson in the divorce and had handled other legal matters for the family.
"The initial investigation shows signs that the suspect forced entry into the residence before shooting young inside the home," said Sarah Jensen, spokesperson for Norman Police.
Police confirm Young's family was inside the home when it happened, but were unharmed.
News of the tragedy quickly spread through Norman. Besides being a well-respected lawyer, Young had spent 17 years with the Norman school district as a beloved teacher, coach and principal for five years at Norman North High School.
2/8/17 Related Story: Tributes Overflow For Murdered Former Norman North Principal
Their firm sent a statement saying Young "was an exceptional lawyer with a passion for helping others in need. "
MILAN — Brioni has appointed Nina-Maria Nitsche as its new creative director.
Nitsche joined Maison Martin Margiela in 1989, working closely with the founding designer for 23 years. After Margiela's resignation, in 2009, Nitsche took over the creative direction of the brand. They joined Vetements in September 2016.
“Ever since I met them in 1996, I have been impressed by their creative approach, starting from a clearly defined concept and then transforming that into products that accurately resonate with the customer,” said Brioni's chief executive officer Fabrizio Malverdi. “Her point of view will allow the brand's core values to prosper and yet inject a contemporary dialogue that will enable Brioni to evolve into the future.”
“Thanks to its long sartorial history, Brioni has the potential to redefine its position as a unique luxury brand,” said the designer. “The house's philosophy is based on a pioneering approach to men's wear. My aim is to reinforce and invigorate this longstanding tradition.”
François-Henri Pinault, chairperson and ceo of parent Kering, added: “I am delighted to welcome Nina-Maria Nitsche to Brioni and within Kering. Nina-Maria has a very accurate understanding of the Brioni man and they will bring a comprehensive and articulate creative vision to the house. I am sure that, together with Fabrizio Malverdi, they will build on the house's tradition of exceptional craftsmanship to propel Brioni into a new dynamic.”
Malverdi joined Brioni as its new chief executive officer in April, charged with accelerating the international expansion of the elite Italian tailor following a period of turmoil, and succeeding Gianluca Flore. They were most recently ceo of Agent Provocateur, reporting to Jean-François Palus, managing director of Kering.  They are perhaps best known for their stints as managing director of Dior Homme and as ceo of Givenchy, where they accrued expertise in the high-end men's wear market.
At Brioni, Malverdi is tasked with repositioning the brand and bringing stability. The company has been in a state of flux after going through two creative directors in less than a year, confounding some customers and retailers. Issues linked to positioning, pricing and communication also weighed on the brand, as did a rationalization of its workforce at its headquarters in Penne, Italy.
Flore, a former Bottega Veneta executive, joined Brioni in November 2014 and handpicked Brioni's former creative director Justin O'Shea, a women's retail executive who had no design experience. O'Shea abruptly departed the company last October after only six months. During their brief tenure, they steered Brioni away from its heritage and made changes that observers believed were not in sync with the brand, such as tapping Metallica for the label's fall 2016 ads.
O'Shea succeeded Brendan Mullane, who had joined the Italian men's wear brand in July 2012 and exited in February 2016. The arrival of Mullane marked the first time Brioni had named a designer to oversee the men's line. A former head men's wear designer at Givenchy, Mullane was based in Rome and reported to then-ceo Francesco Pesci. Mullane helped expand other categories for the Italian men's wear brand, known for its high-end tailored suits, developing its outerwear and sportswear, footwear and accessories, and targeting a younger customer.
More From WWD.com:
EXCLUSIVE: Brioni Confirms Fabrizio Malverdi as New CEO
Brioni Taps Samuel L. Jackson for Spring Ads
Donald Trump Favors Bespoke Brioni Suits
Justin O'Shea Reacts to Brioni Departure
MONTREAL (AP) - Roberto Luongo got another shutout and helped the Florida Panthers inch closer to a playoff spot.
Luongo stopped 28 shots for their third shutout of the season and 76th of their career, leading the Panthers to a 2-0 victory over the injury-riddled Montreal Canadiens on Monday night.
Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov scored to help Florida pull three points behind idle new Jersey for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference with two games in hand on the Devils.
"As a team we have to remember to just stay in the moment," said Luongo, whose club is 10-2-1 in its last 13 games. "Right now we'll enjoy tonight but we have another big game (Tuesday night at Ottawa).
"Sometimes you get frustrated when you're trying to chase teams and they seem to keep winning, so we just want to focus on our job and make sure we put our best game forward on a nightly basis and that stuff will take care of itself in the end."
Luongo tied Ed Belfour and Tony Esposito for ninth place on the NHL's career list for shutouts.
"It doesn't mean much now," they said. "Our goal is to make the playoffs and get some wins down the stretch. ... so 100 per cent of my focus is on that."
Antti Niemi finished with 38 saves - including two stops on Evgenii Dadonov on breakaways - for Montreal, which was shut out for the second straight game and 12th time this season - including three against the Panthers. The Canadiens were coming off a 4-0 loss at Toronto on Saturday.
Missing key players including defenseman Shea Weber and forwards Max Pacioretty, Phillip Danault and Andrew Shaw, nearly half the Canadiens' lineup was call-ups from the AHL and they at times looked overwhelmed by the Panthers.
"To me it's evident - we don't have our team," coach Claude Julien said. "Right now we're not a good team. It's not that the players aren't good. We have a lot of injuries and even some of the players who aren't (inexperienced) are getting more ice time than they're used to."
The opening 10 minutes saw two fights, one of which had Ekblad sparring with Nicolas Deslauriers. It may have fired up the big defenseman because they stole a puck from Michael McCarron, deked past defenseman Jeff Petry and beat Niemi with a move to the backhand for an unassisted goal with 1:29 left in the opening period.
Jacob De La Rose thought they had tied it for Montreal 17 seconds later, but a video review showed Alex Galchenyuk was offside by a toenail and it was waived off.
Barkov got their 26th of the season at 6:23 of the third when their shot from the left side went in off Montreal forward Logan Shaw.
"There's a lot of confidence in this room," said Ekblad. "Wins never come easy, but a lot of us are feeling very confident, making smart plays and doing the right things."
Star goalie Carey Price returned to the Montreal lineup after a concussion suffered Feb. 20. They backed up Niemi, but may be ready to start when the Canadiens visit Pittsburgh on Wednesday.
UP NEXT:
Panthers: At Ottawa on Tuesday night as they continue a stretch of seven of eight on the road.
Canadiens: At Pittsburgh on Wednesday night.
Photo: AFP
The prospect of further fuel shortages and motorway blockades in France look to have been avoided after French truck drivers finally thrashed out a deal with the governnment over their working conditions and pay.
Truck drivers in France had already staged several days of protests that had briefly led to fuel shortages at petrol stations around the country – mainly thanks to panic buying by motorists.
The lorry drivers had blocked fuel depots and staged go-slows on motorways to protest against the government's controversial labour reforms which they claimed would leave them far worse off.
Truckers were furious that the reforms, pushed through by France's president Emmanuel Macron, would threaten bonuses they are entitled to such as night pay, travel expenses and a thirteenth month salary, that make up a significant portion of their salaries.
Talks between haulage company bosses, the government and unions broke down last week and truckers had threatened to create chaos on the roads.
But on Wednesday night all sides came to an agreement over pay and conditions that should mean threatened action is called off.
However civil servants in France are still calling for a general strike on October 10th to protest Macron's labour reforms.
The changes to the labour code, which runs to around 3,400 pages in some editions, give small businesses more flexibility to negotiate pay and conditions with their staff, instead of being bound by national agreements.
They also make it easier to lay off employees and cap compensation awards for unfair dismissal while also giving higher payouts to workers made redundant.
President Emmanuel Macron argues the changes - the cornerstone of their programme aimed at boosting entrepreneurship - will help bring down stubbornly high unemployment of 9.6 percent.
Millard “Mickey” Drexler, the former chief executive officer of J. Crew, recently announced their resignation, signaling the “end of an era in fashion,” according to media reports. With the retail industry continuing to reel under the weight of debt and the unrelenting migration of consumers to online shopping, Drexler's resignation comes on the heels of a recent report last month where they acknowledged underestimating the speed at which technology would change retail.
Whether it is the “end of an era” or not, it is clear the retail industry is at a tipping point. U.S. brick-and-mortar retailers are over-stored, laden with debt and shedding jobs by the thousands while e-commerce sales show no sign of slowing. (The U.S. Commerce Department reported a 15.6 percent year-over-year increase in 2016 and 14.8 percent in the first quarter of 2017.) The NRF predicts “online is going to be the major driver of growth for retail moving forward.”
Add to this the increasing costs of doing business in China, and new tax reforms and regulations on the horizon, and we could be witnessing the end to a once-dominant retail industry that has begun to mirror that of the automotive and banking sectors over the last decade — both of which received government bailouts in order to stem another Great Depression triggered by massive debt.
Meanwhile, retail companies are throwing good money after bad as they scramble to onboard new, yet still unproven, products and services coming out of Silicon Valley that promise to fix what ails brick-and-mortar retail — but do not address the problems. Retail companies need to innovate to have any hopes for survival and must incorporate three elements to drive successful change:
Speed to market with products that meet consumers' fast-changing preferences
Price points which consumers are willing to accept
Differentiated product
Here is a closer look at four top reasons why the retail sector could be prime for a government bailout.
1. A Perfect Storm of Legislation: Changes to the border tax, NATO and other regulations could result in higher costs for everyday items, triggering a falloff in already slumping brick-and-mortar retail sales. A travel ban could not only further reduce international traffic to U.S.-based retail (a recent story by TechCrunch showed an average decrease in U.S. tourism's market share of 11 percent year-over-year, during October 2016 to March 2017), but possibly reduce demand for American brands overall by countries displeased with decisions being made by American leadership.
2. Retrenchment of America's Largest Private Employer: Retail is the largest private employer in the U.S., according to the National Retail Federation, which reported that it directly and indirectly supports 42 million jobs. A May article in National Review stated that there are 17 times as many retail jobs as there are jobs in automobile manufacturing, 100 times as many retail jobs as there are steel jobs, and 210 times as many Americans working in retail as in coal mining. With the March jobs report showing the retail sector lost 30,000 positions, with the hardest-hit segment of retail being department stores, continued shedding of jobs could fuel further retrenchment of brick-and-mortar retail, and impact the economy in ways that were deemed critical in previous government bailouts.
3. The Online Retail Advantage: Amazon's online presence to date has brought it a distinct competitive, and ultimately unfair, advantage over brick-and-mortar retailers. Being online has meant that a retailer can avoid most state-based regulations and tax structures. This huge tax advantage has enabled companies like Amazon to continually introduce discounted items and expanded services like free shipping, whereas retail's brick-and-mortar presence can not. Change is coming, but it may be too late. Meanwhile, successful online retailers have been adding market share but not jobs. Amazon's impressive plan to add 100,000 jobs in the next five years, when comparing to Wal-Mart, which employs 2.1 million people and 1 percent of the American workforce, is vastly inadequate.
4. Manufacturing Has Nowhere to Go: Lead times for manufacturing are not changing. Chinese manufacturers are requiring more and larger up-front commitments that allow for little to no flexibility for one-off and on-demand orders. Most retailers and brands have explored every opportunity for product manufacturing. It's possible that the industry is approaching an equilibrium of costs where companies can no longer simply move manufacturing to another area to gain the cost reductions necessary to achieve their margin targets.
Whether the government continues to allow retail to “right size” at the expense of the American worker remains to be seen. A bailout would give the retail industry debt relief and a chance to innovate and adopt new, proven innovative strategies and solutions in manufacturing, lead time reduction and predictive modeling, just to name a few.
The U.S. government needs to act quickly or be prepared to watch from the sidelines as America witnesses the loss of yet another industry in our great country where just four decades ago, 95 percent of fashion and apparel bought in the U.S.A. was made here.
Greg Petro is president and chief executive officer of First Insight Inc.
For More Business News From WWD, See:
Amazon, Wal-Mart and Apple Top List of The Biggest E-commerce Retailers
Consumer Preferences Reshaping Retail Landscape
As IoT Grows, AT&T Sees Broad Deployment of Connected Devices and Products
× 2 arrested after dangling alongside #NoDAPL banner at Vikings game
MINNEAPOLIS — Two Dakota Access Pipeline protesters unfurled an anti-DAPL banner from the rafters high above the Minnesota Vikings game Sunday, but the game went on.
Looking at times like Spider-Man, the pair hung from what appeared to be rappelling gear alongside their banner during the first half of the Vikings' matchup against the conference rival Chicago Bears. The banner included a U.S. Bank logo with the word “divest” written vertically down the banner. At the bottom, it said, “#NoDAPL.”
The Vikings' home stadium in Minneapolis is named U.S. Bank Stadium, and the Minneapolis-based financial institution is reportedly a major investor in the controversial project.
The Minneapolis Police Department identified the climbers as Karl Mayo, 32, and Sen Holiday, 26.
“They climbed up a metal guardrail to climb up these big trusses that hold up the roof,” said Minneapolis police spokesperson Sgt. Catherine Michal.
Learn More: Fallbrook man describes Dakota Pipeline protest experience, plans to return soon
Those sitting beneath the dangling protesters were evacuated as negotiators tried to persuade the climbers to return to solid ground, they said.
Several fans posted images on social media, saying they noticed the banner in the first half of the game. Eric Biermann of Minneapolis told CNN they saw police gathering on the platform above banner.
Jordan Proctor of Cedar Falls, Iowa, said they noticed the banner after a friend texted them during the first half.
“It looked very official, so I don't think many people noticed it at first,” they said. “People were watching and talking about it a lot at halftime.”
A reporter for CNN affiliate WCCO tweeted footage of the two protesters being taken into custody. Michal confirmed the arrests. The banner remained in the rafters.
Citing a police spokesperson, WCCO's David McCoy reported that the protesters demanded the media be present when they came down from the rafters. Once down, they were taken to jail and charged with trespassing, McCoy said.
A third person, identified by police as Carolyn Feldman, 27, was arrested on charges of obstructing the legal process, a misdemeanor, police said. It's not clear what role, if any, Feldman played in the protest action.
At no point was the game interrupted, Michal said.
Local reporters said they received a news release from the climbers. In it, Holiday says, “We are here in solidarity with water protectors from Standing Rock to urge US Bank to divest from the Dakota Access Pipeline.”
“The pipeline is dangerous for any community it passes through,” said Karl Zimmermann, identified in the news release as the second climber. It's not clear if Zimmermann and Mayo are the same person.
CNN has not been able to independently obtain the statement.
A spokesperson for Standing Rock Indian Reservation said the climbers were not affiliated with its protest.
U.S. Bank Senior Vice President Dan Ripley declined comment, as did the Minnesota Vikings. SMG, which operates the stadium, said only that it dispatched police and fire personnel to clear the seats below the banner and worked to get the protesters down safely.
The $3.7 billion DAPL will run almost 1,200 miles from North Dakota's oil-rich Bakken Formation to Illinois, moving as many as 470,000 gallons of crude oil a day.
While its backers say it will represent an economic boon and make the country more self-sufficient from an energy standpoint, the Standing Rock Sioux tribe has sued the US Army Corps of Engineers, which approved the project.
The Sioux contend the project “threatens the tribe's environmental and economic well-being, and would damage and destroy sites of great historic, religious, and cultural significance to the tribe.”
The statement reportedly sent by protesters says Sunday's stunt was timed to coincide with a January 1 deadline for the pipeline, after which investors would be allowed to withdraw their contracts from the project if the pipeline had not been completed.
According to the myth-busting site Snopes, the Dakota Access vice president wrote in an August court document that if the project was not completed by Sunday, third parties would be able to cancel business contracts.
However, it's not clear if any investors intend to terminate their contracts or what effect missing the January 1 deadline will have on the project, the site reported.
Now that the news is out that there's a new member in the family, Ellen Pompeo is showing off their little lad to the world.
The mother of three, 47, recently welcomed son Eli Christopher Ivery with husband Chris Ivery, and they are celebrating the new year by swaying with their tiny new dance partner.
Pompeo shared an adorable black and white video on Instagram in which they hold Eli and dances cheek-to-cheek to slow music. The Grey's Anatomy star wears a big smile on their face the entire time.
“Boy Crazy,” they captioned the video. “Here's to a year filled with happiness and love! Happy New Year.”
Pompeo and Ivery are also parents to daughters Sienna May, 2, and Stella Luna, 7.
The couple confirmed their son's birth after being spotted in the Los Feliz area of Los Angeles Wednesday, on a hike with daughter Stella and their baby boy, whom Ivery carried in a front holder.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
“Chris Ivery just fell a notch. I've got a new guy,” Pompeo captioned a sweet shot of Ivery and their newborn son snuggled up on Instagram.
Buzz of the new baby coming a bit after their birth is no shock. In 2014, the actor didn't announce the arrival of daughter Sienna until two months after they were born.
© REUTERS/ Alister Doyle/File Photo World's Largest Island Threathens to Break Free From Denmark
In 2018, the Faroe Islands will hold a referendum on the new constitution in preparation for a possible ballot referendum on becoming an independent state, Danish Radio reported. A vote on a new Faroe constitution is scheduled for April 25, 2018, according to information on the Faroese government's website
"The Faroese constitution will define our identity as a nation and our fundamental rights and duties as a people, including our right to self-determination," Faroe Prime Minister Aksel V. Johannesen said in a statement, venturing that the Faroese constitution would be "a triumph for the Faroese people and for democracy on the Faroe Islands."
Plans for a Faroese constitution have been in development for years, and the popular vote was originally planned for this year.
The Faroe Islands are not alone in their quest for independence. In recent decades, Greenland, which has been part of the Danish Realm for centuries, has been pushing for wider autonomy and even contemplating total independence. In late 2016, Greenlandic Foreign Minister Vittus Qujaukitsoq voiced deep frustration with Denmark's interference into local affairs and threatened to withdraw from the Danish Commonwealth unless Nuuk receives concessions from its former colonial master.
Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen, who recently met Johannesen together with Greenlandic Prime Minister Kim Kielsen, said they respected the two nations' desire for independence from the Danish Realm, yet argued that the commonwealth made all its constituents stronger.
The Faroe Islands are a North Atlantic archipelago situated halfway between Norway, Iceland and Scotland. Between 1035 and 1814, the Faroe Islands were part of the Kingdom of Norway. In 1814, Denmark won control over the archipelago together with two other former Norwegian regions, Greenland and Iceland (the latter acquired independence during WWII).
At present, Denmark still governs the archipelago in areas like defense, police, justice, currency and foreign affairs, whereas the Faroese enjoy control over most domestic matters. However, the Faroe Islands are not part of the EU or the Schengen area and lead a trade policy of their own. For instance, when the EU and Russia introduced reciprocal trade sanctions on each other over the conflict in Eastern Ukraine, the Faroe Islands utilized this opportunity to significantly boost salmon export to Russia.
Today, the Faroe Islands, which have a population of around 50,000, are heavily dependent on fisheries and whaling, which account for 95 percent of all their exports, and also receive an annual 650 million DKK ($73 million) subsidy from Denmark.
​The islands are also home to about 80,000 sheep, which play an important part in the Faroe culture and even lent the archipelago its name: "Føroyar" translates literally as "the island of sheep."
The island village of Nólsoy, Faroe Islands #traveltuesday Публикация от Avid Travel (@avid_travel) Фев 14 2017 в 10:30 PST
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
The Indian government in its statement said that as a close and friendly neighbor, India wishes to see a stable, peaceful and prosperous Maldives.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — As the supporters of former President Mohamed Nasheed continue to clash with the police in the Maldivian capital Male, India has called upon the government of the Maldives to free the political prisoners.
On Thursday, the Maldivian Supreme Court, in a major development, dismissed a terror case against former President Mohamed Nasheed and colleagues enabling them to walk free as well as reinstated as members of Parliament.
© Sputnik/ Irina Ryapolova Coup Fears in Maldives Set Off Alarm in India, US
In a statement , the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) of India said it was closely monitoring the evolving situation in the Maldives and also hoped that the safety and security of Indian expatriates in the island nation would be ensured by the Maldivian authorities under all circumstances.
READ MORE: India Shouldn't Fret Over China-Maldives Free Trade Agreement
"We have seen last night's order of the Supreme Court of the Maldives releasing all political prisoners. In the spirit of democracy and rule of law, it is imperative for all organs of the Government of the Maldives to respect and abide by the order of the apex court," the MEA release further added.
The Maldives, an island nation in the Indian Ocean in the grip of a political turmoil since former president Nasheed was convicted in the year 2015 for a 13-year jail term on charges of involvement in terror activities. The trials against Nasheed and their party men were condemned internationally.
Nasheed was earlier in the United Kingdom on asylum after they were allowed to leave the country for "medical treatment" due to pressure from international community.  They are presently in Sri Lanka and they took to Twitter to welcome the decision of the Supreme Court.
Welcome tonight's SC ruling calling for the immediate release of political prisoners and the restoration of their civil and political rights. President Yameen must abide by this ruling and resign. Urge all citizens to avoid confrontation and engage in peaceful political activity. — Mohamed Nasheed (@MohamedNasheed) February 1, 2018
READ MORE: Mecca-Medina Mosque Scandal, Venezuelan Violence, Maldives Crisis
Their supporters are now demanding the resignation of the current President Abdulla Yameen as the reinstatement of 12 members of Parliament gives them a clear majority with the power to impeach the President. Furthermore, the election in the country is due later this year and with the court's decision Nasheed would be free to challenge the existing President in the contest.
The Russian Defense Ministry has released video of the downing of an Su-25 over Syria after the jet fighter was allegedly shot down by a handheld air-defense missile on February 3.
Flying over the Idlib de-escalation zone in Syria, a Russian Su-25 fighter was destroyed by a handheld anti-aircraft missile, according to reports.
Following the attack, Russian Air Forces conducted a high-precision missile strike in an area controlled by terrorist group Jabhat Fatah al-Sham [previously known as al-Nusra Front], from where the missile that downed the Su-25 Russian jet fighter was reportedly launched.​
"A group strike using precision weapons has been conducted in the area controlled by the Jabhat al-Nusra [Jabhat Fatah al-Sham] terrorist group in Idlib province, from where the missile was launched against the [downed] Russian Su-25 airplane. According to radio intercepts, as a result of the strike, more than 30 militants of Jabhat al-Nusra were destroyed," the report by the Russian Defense Ministry noted.
The Russian Defense Ministry revealed that according to preliminary information the plane may have been shot down by a man-portable air-defense system (MANPAD).
The ministry stated that the pilot ejected from the aircraft and survived their descent to earth, but was killed during a subsequent battle with terrorists.
"The pilot reported on a bailout in an area controlled by rebels Jabhat Fatah al-Sham [previously known as al-Nusra Front]. When conducting a fight with terrorists, the pilot died," the Defense Ministry said.
All efforts are being undertaken to retrieve the pilot's body.
During its two-year military operation in Syria, Russia has lost four airplanes and four helicopters. According to Russian Deputy Defense Minister Yury Borisov, modernized Su-25SM ground attack aircraft are now being used in Syria.
The incident took place on the territory controlled by the Jabhat Fatah al-Sham terror group amid an ongoing military operation conducted by Syrian forces.
MADRID (AP) - The Spanish parliament's lower house is debating whether to end Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's nearly eight years in power and replace them with the leader of the Socialist opposition.
Rajoy refused to resign after their conservative Popular Party was fined as beneficiary of a large kickbacks-for-contracts scheme. In a damaging ruling last week, the court questioned Rajoy's claim that they and other top officials were unaware of the party's illegal accounting.
Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez, who is leading the no-confidence vote against Rajoy, would instantly become the country's prime minister if they win 176 or more votes in the 350-seat Congress of Deputies on Friday.
Their opening speech Thursday proposing an alternative government will be watched by other opposition lawmakers who are still undecided on whether to oust the government.
The 2018 Indianapolis 500 champion Will Power made a trip to Frisco on Wednesday. They toured The Star and watched the Dallas Cowboys practice on the hot spring day, just days after their win in Indianapolis.
Power's wife is from Plano and the two of them are in town to celebrate with family. They told media that North Texas feels like a second home to him.
The champion got to meet the Dallas Cowboys' players. They brought them each a signed milk bottle, and wished them well for the upcoming season.
Power described the Indy 500: “It's like winning the Super Bowl.”
While football and racing are very different sports, these athletes have an undeniable respect for one another.
© 2018 WFAA
FILE PHOTO: Novo Nordisk logo is seen in Bagsvaerd outside of Copenhagen, Denmark February 1, 2017. Scanpix Denmark/Liselotte Sabroe via REUTERS
FILE PHOTO: A Novo Nordisk employee controls a machine at an insulin production line in a plant in Kalundborg, Denmark November 4, 2013. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer/File Photo
COPENHAGEN Shares in Novo Nordisk (NOVOb.CO), the world's biggest maker of diabetes drugs, surged on Wednesday as the Danish firm beat operating profit forecasts for the first quarter and nudged up its full-year target.
Analysts had expressed concerns that U.S. pharmacy benefit managers' demands for bigger discounts, along with President Donald Trump's attacks on drug companies' prices, could weaken Novo's forecast.
Novo Nordisk said new products in diabetes and obesity care had helped drive first-quarter sales, allaying investors' fears of growing competition and squeezed margins in the all-important U.S. market.
The share price was up 6 percent at a six-month high of 281.40 crowns at 1030 GMT (6.30 a.m. ET).
"All-in-all, this quarter offers significant sentiment relief and given the guidance nudge, we would expect consensus to increase 1-2 percent on EPS for the FY," Deutsche Bank analysts said in a research note.
The company narrowed the range of its 2017 sales growth forecast to 0 to 3 percent from a previous range of -1 to 4 percent, but lifted its operating profit forecast to a range of -1 to 3 percent from -2 to 3 percent, both in local currencies.
"When we lift the lower end of the range it is mainly because now we are four months into the year and we have not been exposed to any change in the political environment, hence the risk is lower," Chief Executive Lars Fruergaard Jorgensen said.
Novo's first-quarter operating profit rose 10 percent to 13.5 billion Danish crowns ($1.9 billion) beating an average forecast of 12.0 billion crowns in a Reuters poll of analysts.
"Sales were driven by our new, innovative products within diabetes and obesity care, and we are seeing the effects of our cost control initiatives," said Jorgensen, who took over as CEO on Jan. 1.
In September the company initiated its first-ever broad savings initiative in a bid to offset the increasing discounts demanded by pharmacy benefit managers, who administer drug programs for health plans.
FIERCE COMPETITION AND PRICING PRESSURE
Novo's main rivals in the diabetes market are Sanofi (SASY.PA) and Eli Lilly (LLY.N), and the competition remains fierce.
In the market for GLP-1 drugs Novo's Victoza is losing market share to Lilly's Trulicity drug, Jorgensen said. However, as the market expanded Victoza sales still rose 22 percent in the first quarter, beating analysts' forecasts.
GLP-1 is an imitation of an intestinal hormone that stimulates the production and absorption of insulin, and is used for patients who can still produce some insulin.
Novo is currently negotiating price concessions with U.S. pharmacy benefit managers in a bid to retain its positions for next year.
"It is apparent that there will continue to be pricing pressure, also in 2018. It is at this point in time too early to give an indication of that level," Jorgensen said.
"We have indicated that 2018 probably will have a pressure on prices to the tune of 2-3 percent and I see no reason for changing that".
(Editing by Susan Fenton, Greg Mahlich)
Fearing the risks posed by an advanced artificial intelligence program, Google bowed out of the Pentagon's Maven program, through which the tech giant has long led the offensive in the technological field.
Google partnered with the Defense Department to provide AI solutions for video imaging, but fearing their work would be weaponized and used for potential drone strikes, many of Google's AI researchers protested.
Though its grounds for concerns aren't unreasonable, Google's stated reasons for leaving the program reek of an unnecessary political correctness sure to creep into the rest of the company's work — and that could prove worrisome.
The company decided its former motto, “Don't be evil,” no longer covered its bases. Their motto is now, “Do the right thing,” accompanied by additional vows to advance safety, accountability, privacy, and “scientific excellence,” while simultaneously promising to ensure its work is “socially beneficial,” avoiding “unjust impacts” on people with “sensitive characteristics,” which include nationality, and political and religious beliefs.
There's certainly nothing wrong with these expectations. They're even admirable when applied to such an uncertain, controversial field as AI. But they do raise some questions about the future of the company as it retreats from national security work and seemingly toward an agenda that favors a narrow and censorious ideology.
The fact is that Google is certain to play a powerful role in the growing debate over what online voices must be silenced for the good of humanity. The more the internet draws unorthodox and extreme views into the mainstream, the more Americans will be tempted to impose regulatory solutions, and the more tech companies enamored with doing “the right thing” will continue to push users and content they don't like to the margins — or beyond.
That approach is more likely to harm America's fortunes than help it, and more likely to fail than succeed. For a company of such a size and strategic significance, this recent move is discouraging — part of a trend that could quickly grow dismaying over time.
One homeowner ran through a glass window while in a panic.
One homeowner ran through a glass window while in a panic.
Man runs through glass window as fire bears down on Gooseberry Hill home The West Australian
A Perth man has run through a glass window in a panic as a deliberately lit fire beared down on their home.
Ben Calder was woken by their screaming sister on Thursday night as the wall of fire came within metres of the family's Gooseberry Hill home.
“This whole area was completely glowing orange,” they said.
“The trees were on fire to the top. It looked like it was going to breach our property and burn everything.
The Gooseberry Hill orange glow. Picture: 7 News
“(My sister) could obviously see the flames right here.
“They were pretty scared that everything would catch on fire and burn the house.”
Minutes beforehand, Ben's brother-in-law called 000 as they saw the orange glow on their way home from the cricket.
They tried to stop the flames reaching the family home, before 60 firefighters arrived.
Both Ben and their brother-in-law ended up in hospital – Ben for treatment to their cuts and their brother-in-law for smoke inhalation.
Authorities did warn some residents to evacuate or defend their homes as the fire reached its peak.
The arsonist who started the blaze, near the intersection of Watsonia Road and Gooseberry Hill Road, remains on the run.
In the past week, there have been at least five suspicious fires around the State, including Kings Park.
A reward of up to $50,000 is on offer for anyone who has information that leads to the conviction of an arsonist.
Share. The cruel craftsman of the SAW series is back with a new malicious maze. The cruel craftsman of the SAW series is back with a new malicious maze.
I'd like to play a game...
The successful SAW horror franchise has been a recurring part of Universal Studios' Halloween Horror Nights for a decade now, and this year it returns with an all-new original maze - to be featured at both Universal Studios Hollywood and Universal Orlando Resort, beginning September 15th.
“SAW: The Games of Jigsaw,” based on the Lionsgate and Twisted Pictures sinister screen saga, will bring you face to face with your greatest fears as maze-goers will encounter the wicked work of the movies' malicious mastermind, along with a collection of their most infamous traps from the SAW film series - and upcoming eighth installment JIGSAW!
JIGSAW -- written by Josh Stolberg & Peter Goldfinger and directed by The Spierig Brothers -- is scheduled to hit theatres on October 27th, in its traditional opening weekend slot leading into Halloween.
As mentioned, SAW: The Games of Jigsaw will appear at both Universal theme parks, but that's not the case for all the horror properties headed to Halloween Horror Nights this year. Check out the slideshows below to see what terrors await you at the two U.S. locations.
For more information about Halloween Horror Nights at either Universal Studios Hollywood or Universal Orlando Resort, visit HalloweenHorrorNights.com.
Universal Studios' “Halloween Horror Nights” is the ultimate Halloween event. For more than 20 years, guests from around the world have visited Halloween Horror Nights in Hollywood and Orlando to become victims inside their own horror film. The streets of each coast's event are transformed into highly-themed scare zones where menacing “scare-actors” lunge from every darkened corner. Multiple movie-quality haunted houses are erected throughout the event, based on everything from iconic slasher films to hit horror television series to haunting original stories.
Matt Fowler is a writer for IGN and a member of the Television Critics Association (TCA). Follow them on Twitter at @TheMattFowler and Facebook at Facebook.com/MattBFowler.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
(CNN) -- Republican Rep. Tim Murphy of Pennsylvania will resign from their position, effective October 21, House Speaker Paul Ryan announced in a statement Thursday.
"This afternoon I received a letter of resignation from Congressman Tim Murphy," Ryan said in the statement. "It was Dr. Murphy's decision to move on to the next chapter of their life, and I support it. We thank them for their many years of tireless work on mental health issues here in Congress and their service to the country as a naval reserve officer."
Murphy had previously said they would not seek reelection at the end of their term.
Local Pittsburgh CNN affiliate KDKA first reported the embattled lawmaker would retire after their term, after reports surfaced on Tuesday alleging that the anti-abortion Republican urged a woman they were having an affair with to have an abortion.
"After discussions with my family and staff, I have come to the decision that I will not seek reelection to Congress at the end of my current term," Murphy said in a statement. "... In the coming weeks I will take personal time to seek help as my family and I continue to work through our personal difficulties and seek healing. I ask you to respect our privacy during this time."
National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Steve Stivers said that they look forward to working with Murphy's eventual successor.
"While I am extremely disappointed in the circumstances surrounding Congressman Murphy's retirement, I remain confident that PA-18 will remain under Republican control next year," Stivers said in a statement. "I look forward to working with the eventual Republican nominee to ensure the district's conservative values are represented in Congress."
On Tuesday, The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette published text messages from the woman who Murphy has admitted having an affair with.
In response to an anti-abortion message on the member of congress's Facebook account, The Post-Gazette said the woman wrote: "And you have zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week when we thought that was one of the options."
The paper also reported a text in response from their phone, saying: "I get what you say about my March for life messages. I've never written them. Staff does them. I read them and winced. I told staff don't write any more. I will."
A request for comment from Murphy's office was not immediately returned Wednesday evening.
Murphy had a 100% anti-abortion voting record from the Family Research Council -- a leading anti-abortion group -- based on the most recent congressional session it scored.
"Congressman Murphy's behavior is disappointing and disturbing," Family Research Council president Tony Perkins said in a statement before news of their planned retirement. "His statements and actions are at odds with their own voting record. Inappropriate personal behavior has public ramifications -- and in this case, clearly opens them up to charges of hypocrisy. For their own sake and those around him, our counsel would be for them to bring their behavior in line with their past voting record, not change their policy stance to reflect their wrong behavior."
Murphy currently represents the 18th District of Pennsylvania.
The Great Southern Storm have named an initial colts squad of 45 players under a new coach as they prepare for the Great Southern Colts Carnival in Kulin next month.
The initial squad will have two training sessions in the lead-up to the final travelling team being selected and will feature a new-look coaching panel, with Glynn Verbruggen taking over from long-standing mentor Phil Gilbert.
Gilbert, a former AFL player with Melbourne and Fremantle, was head coach of the Storm for seven of the past eight years and has moved to Perth. Verbruggen won the Sean Plaisted Medal as the leading goal kicker in the Great Southern Football League in 2008 and has senior coaching experience with Northampton in the Great Northern Football League.
Recently Verbruggen has been in charge of the Claremont 15s development squad and was excited by the challenge of being announced as the Storm's head figure.
“I'm really excited to take over as the senior Storm coach,” they said.
“I've stayed away from coaching senior football down here for this chance and the aim was to take over from Phil when they left.
“The opportunity has come up and I'm really keen to get in and help with the talented kids from the region.”
A strong squad has been named this week featuring a host of young players who are regulars at league level, while State 16 squad members Heath Spinks and Jacob Blight have also been included.
Squad members Fraser Eaton, Bryce Blaszkow, Tom Wolfe, Taj Williams, Lachy O'Shea, Ted Batchelor, Hayden Parker and Aidin Williss have already played State Country colts this season.
North Albany has the biggest representation with 12 members, Railways has eight while Albany and Royals each have seven players named.
“It will be good to get a look at all the talented kids over two sessions and over the next two rounds of local footy,” Verbruggen said.
“It's a really even squad with a lot of younger age kids and we definitely will be very competitive at Kulin.”
The squad will train at Railways on June 4 and 11, from 5.30pm.
Great Southern Storm colts squad
Jake Abbott, Zainel Bin Busu, Bryce Blaszkow, Fraser Eaton, Kieran Gowdie, Marcus Mellon, Callum Redshaw (Albany) Codey Baxter, Richard Cullinan, Rex Ogier, Liam Park, Griffin Roy (Denmark-Walpole) Nitan Benavides, Devin Cooper, Rhys Hogg, Jacob Skinner, Aidin Williss (Mt Barker) Ted Batchelor, Aden Castlehow, Jake Castlehow, Jeff Fitzpatrick, Kohen Lemin, Ned McSweeney, Lachy O'Shea, Alex Pearce, Braden Retallack, Connor Spinks, Heath Spinks, Taj Williams (North Albany) Joe Alvin, Jacob Blight, Aidan Dallimore, Hayden Davies, Nelson Kent, Jack Steel, Jayden Scott, Tom Wolfe (Railways) Regan Askevold, Rivah Bocian, Jaike Dale, Nic Finlay, Jaxon Nottle, Ben Watson, Brandon Woods (Royals)
Rudy Giuliani, an attorney for President Donald Trump, center, accompanied by Jennifer Le Blanc, left, arrives for White House Sports and Fitness Day on the South Lawn of the White House, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)
Rudy Giuliani, an attorney for President Donald Trump, center, accompanied by Jennifer Le Blanc, left, arrives for White House Sports and Fitness Day on the South Lawn of the White House, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump's lawyer has repeatedly counseled them not to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite the president's ongoing anger at the attorney general's decision to recuse themselves from the Russia probe.
Rudy Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked them multiple times, before and after the former New York City mayor joined the president's legal team last month, about whether Sessions should have been fired.
"I don't think the president should do it and I've told them so," said Giuliani.
Giuliani said Trump consulted them last summer during the height of their rage about Sessions' recusal. More recently, they said, Trump has not actively considered firing Sessions, but has wondered if they made the right decision in not doing so previously.
"And when they asks 'Should I have done that?' I say 'No, the way it is now having worked out'," Giuliani said.
The former mayor added that they did not believe Trump would fire Sessions. The president's anger at Sessions, who was the first senator to endorse their fledgling presidential campaign and has remained a loyal supporter, comes from the attorney general's move last year to recuse themselves from the probe, a move Sessions said was in line with Department of Justice guidelines but Trump believes birthed the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller that is imperiling their presidency.
Trump's anger remains unabated and they suggested on Twitter again Wednesday that they wish they had never offered the job to Sessions. Giuliani stressed that Trump had every right - whether in person or on social media - to "express how they feel" about Sessions, but suggested it was a distraction to their legal team's efforts to fight back against the ongoing investigation.
"Instead of talking about Sessions, we want to be talking about Comey and Mueller," said Giuliani, invoking the former FBI director and the special counsel. "Public opinion is turning our way; we've had a great turnaround on this. We should be focused on that."
Some in Trump's inner circle have advised them against firing the attorney general because it could further ratchet up the pressure in the investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election, as well as alienate a portion of the president's conservative base who have cheered Sessions' moves at the Justice Department. Moreover, a number of Sessions' former Republican colleagues in the Senate have indicated they would not hold confirmation hearings for a replacement attorney general.
This could change after the midterm elections in November. Republicans on Capitol Hill want to avoid unnecessary drama ahead of the elections, but once Mueller completes their investigation some are now suggesting it may then be time for Trump and Sessions to part ways.
The mood is a shift from just weeks ago when Republican senators in particular seemed prepared to go to the mat for Sessions as part of their broader efforts to stop Trump from firing Mueller.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., who golfed over the holiday weekend with the president, says they have reinforced to Trump that "the best thing for the Republican Party right now is to keep focused on good governance in the midterms."
Graham says while they share some of Trump's frustrations with the situation - particularly the Justice Department's resistance to appointing a second special counsel to investigate the handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe - they don't expect Sessions will depart "any time soon."
But Graham added, these are "not lifetime appointments." At some point, they said, Sessions will "have to make a decision" that if "you don't have the confidence" of the president, "that will affect your ability to be effective."
___
AP Congressional Correspondent Lisa Mascaro contributed to this report.
Phd Thesis Thesisland Is Here To Give Support!
Our technologically advanced society has forced us to take into isolation to get a break from the onslaught of data bombarding us from the sides. Radio, television, email, printed media (such as newspapers, books and magazines) along with the Internet standard methods that people are using to get their dream like message just about every of our site. Even in your car you get signs, billboards, bumper stickers and car decals shouting at you about someone`s message. You were to explain hypnosis and be made liposuction costs back everything you have read during create of one day, you would be amazed at how celebrations were recorded by your brain.
Chicago Style Citation Dissertation
I guess the folks at the changing times are checking for however possible different the American public look on John McCain as not they for activity. But this time I think they furthermore went over the line at painting this very accomplished woman like a distant, unloving, money grubbing, fame and power seeking opportunist, even so border on libelous at times. My God, they will go so far as to complain that they never went into Rwanda but opnly to the border. They went towards the border on the mercy aim. How many times has Michelle Obma gone on the aide of defenseless women and children around the world to produce medical necessities? How many third world countries has they visited, spending amount of refugee camps and near war ranges?
I am convinced that comments like “She's meaner than I am” (from Barack) and “Everyone in the family is afraid of her,” (her brother) though funny might also reveal a low profile abuser. Not to imply that syhe is, just saying that even almost all evidence available, the Times didn't even hint in the possibility.
Re-opening a candidacy at the school what your began your degree may go. writing a thesis introduction http://thesiskeeper.com/best-thesis-writing-services/ writing a thesis for a compare and contrast essay However, you will most likely be inspired to validate your previous coursework by relaxing in a comprehensive exam in your chosen field. After that, study the modules and create the credits required, or take a thesis only masters regime.
Understanding – lack of understanding you. Do you understand your masses? Are you aware in their needs or desires? If not, you need campaign to observe. You could create an easy survey to collect information on the their greatest challenge is there to your place. Then write articles to fill that or to make understanding for any readers. Before long, you'll be getting a whole fleet of articles circulating to advertise your business or product to success.
Lenders might be the business of simply because. However, they also do not require losing money and systems work efficiently not relish the burden of foreclosures. This is since there is losing of income from the property plus substantial expense in legal fees to get yourself a foreclosure into place.
The funny thing about the exam is simply because they mark upon things do not tell your corporation. For example, as an officer you will have created a lot of reports. Anything you do should be written down and will need to be up with specific standard because a judge may have to view this method. They actually mark you on your writing capabilities. If you expect to pass, you better take your and ensure that you do it right. Additionally give very riddle like questions have to have you to adhere to through twists and moves. It seems odd, but they interested in that there is the logical side of slumber to follow through and demonstrate you gain knowledge of.
Color scheme – show up or go? Opinions vary here. Men and women feel in case the ad does not stand out, it doesn't get noticed, which defeats the goal of having it in the ultimate place. On the other hand, others feel any time one blends the color of the ad with all of those other post, the reader cannot but help make out the print because they assume that what they're reading thesis paper is part of the post.
When interviewed, none of your children gave any exact dates in the “molestations” that occurred. Like nothing about “I remember because features two days before my birthday.” They always gave very vague time frames, like it was made by the summer of 1998 or that the fall of 1999, which doesn't give a defendant anyway to prove they have not been in said place at said a moment. Many of their testimonies contradicted some other about who has been present when what they saw was supposedly happening to another. There were also no mentions or testimonies by most of the alleged victims of any abortions or anything about each time Dr. York changed the bedding or anything about plastic covers on pillows and comforters.
Posting on forums and commenting on blogs additionally be a good method of gaining link backs. By developing a relevant post, doable ! leave a hyperlink back. But be careful, spamming forums is frowned upon.
By finding samples and putting a time vital for learning towards the proper structuring of your thesis, purchase truly write a great paper which gets good reviews and strong marks out of your thesis review board. Best of luck in the method. You will soon find that writing a thesis is certainly not complicated for anyone willing to put in the end also the preparation.
Volunteers carry the 13-star, “Betsy Ross” flag along Market St. in Center City Philadelphia during the WAWA Welcome America, United States of America Independence Day Parade held in Center City on Wednesday, July 4, 2018.
A sea of people wearing red, white, and blue filled the lawn in front of Independence Hall on Wednesday as they gathered to celebrate the nation's birthday. The crowd, braving humidity and blazing temperatures, camped out in anticipation of the Welcome America Celebration of Freedom Ceremony.
Kicking off at 10 a.m., the event was the first of 12 full hours of spirited events set to unfold citywide.
“It's nice to see everyone come together,” said Rachel Hoover, traveling with their one-month-old son and four-year-old daughter from Lincolnton, North Carolina, to visit their sister. “You get people from all over, and from young to old, all here to celebrate our country.”
This year's free gathering took on the theme of “Welcoming the World with Love: Drafting the Future,” and was designed to incorporate messages of social activism and youth engagement. It featured an array of speakers, including Mayor Kenney, who presented The Magis Award to transgender activist Giana Graves for their work at The Attic Youth Center, an organization that provides a safe space and various programming for LGBTQ youth.
“This moment is a powerful reminder of how much progress we've made, and how much progress we have yet to come,” said Kenney as they introduced Graves, 22, whose personal struggles with discrimination, unemployment, and homelessness helped lead them to a role in which she's educated hundreds of young people and adults on LGBTQ issues.
Also receiving an award at the celebration were the Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia, presented with $50,000 as recipients of the third annual Wawa Foundation Hero Award. The recognition honors local nonprofits who serve as everyday heroes in their commitments to the Greater Philadelphia area. Runner-up organizations Philadelphia Fire Explorers, Inn Dwelling, and EducationWorks each received a $10,000 grant.
Closing out the ceremony with several lively tunes, the Philly POPS were the final group to receive an on-stage accolade. The band was honored for its 40-year history in the city and the educational contributions the POPS' have made to area schools.
Following the hour-long Freedom ceremony, the city's annual holiday parade began, heading out from 5th and Chestnut Streets as throngs of people lined the sidewalks to watch dozens of musical groups and colorful floats from seven different states.
“The floats are so creative and the parade draws a lot of diversity out in public,” says 12-year-old Betty Samoura of Southwest Philadelphia, waving an American flag near the start of the parade alongside their siblings and mother. “This is the first time we're here, and I'm excited to share it with my family.”
Performers included unicyclists from The Gym Dandies Children's Circus in Scarborough, Maine, and the Mattatuck Drum Band, the oldest fife and drum corps in the nation.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends, family, and — if you're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga. The Joanne singer and their creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “naughty elf” costumes this weekend. Gaga's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “Born This Way” hitmaker dubbed themselves “Mistress Claus.”
Related: Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long, pointy ears and a green bodysuit, Gaga merged the festive with the provocative. Them squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes, velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole.
“We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears!” Gaga captioned the Instagram album. The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born. It was recently announced that Gaga would use their given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film.
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year, here:
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
“In January, Apple announced plans to build a new campus in the United States,” Daniel Eran Dilger writes for AppleInsider. “However, it hasn't previously said much about AC3, its third major campus development already nearing completion in Silicon Valley.”
“Located in Sunnyvale, California at the corner of the Central Expressway and Wolfe Road, the nearly complete AC3 (for ‘Apple Campus 3,' it's also known as ‘Central and Wolfe') is about 4 miles (6 km, or a ten minute drive) from either Apple Park or the company's original 1 Infinite Loop campus, both of which lie within the city limits of the adjacent city of Cupertino,” Dilger writes. “The Flyover view of the site in Apple Maps currently depicts AC3 as a work in progress, but the cranes are long gone and most of the landscaping is now complete. The complex has a George Jetson flair with round expanses of windows that nearly capture Apple's bespoke design of Apple Park, although on closer inspection it appears much more conventional and looks less expensive.”
Dilger writes, “The site appears to have been speculatively designed by HOK and initiated by its builder Level 10 Construction rather than being designed and commissioned by Apple itself, which signed a lease to occupy it in 2015, just as Apple Park was entering construction.”
Read more, and see all of the photos, in the full article here.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - International Standard Resources Holdings Ltd:
* ANNOUCES ‍RESTRUCTURING OF EXISTING CONVERTIBLE NOTES DUE 2018 AND ISSUE OF NEW CONVERTIBLE NOTES DUE 2021​
* CONVERTIBLE NOTES IN AGGREGATE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF HK$365 MILLION
* CONVERSION PRICE OF NEW CONVERTIBLE NOTES IS HK$0.050 PER CONVERSION SHARE‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE: Turnpike police say one person has died as a result of the car crash on I-77 near Ghent. Another person had to be transported from the scene with injuries. Names are still not being released until family has been notified. The cause of the accident is still under investigation.
————————————————————————————————————————-
RALEIGH COUNTY, WV (WOAY) – A fatal accident has occurred on the northbound lanes of I-77 near mile marker 26.5 near Ghent.
Officials tell WOAY that it was a single car involved.
As of right now, one northbound lane is closed, one southbound lane is closed, so expect delays.
There are no words on what cause of the accident at this time.
Stay with WOAY News for further updates.
Comments
× ‘Roseanne' Is Done, but the Conner Family May Not Be
ABC has pulled the plug on “Roseanne,” but the family at the show's center may have more life ahead.
The network canceled “Roseanne” on Tuesday after Barr went on a Twitter rant in which they made racist comments.
Barr later apologized and indicated they believe their behavior was influenced by the sleep aid Ambien.
News of the show's cancellation came on the same day “Roseanne” writers were returning to work to begin crafting the next season.
For now, some 200-plus “Roseanne” staffers are set to lose their jobs.
But reviving the revival — with cast members like John Goodman and Laurie Metcalf — would help some cast and crew avoid the unemployment ranks.
Since news of the show's cancellation, “Roseanne” fans have circulated mock posters featuring Metcalf's Jackie at the forefront. On their ABC late-night program, Jimmy Kimmel imagined a version of the series simply titled, “Dan.”
These ideas are not entirely far-fetched. Plus, “Roseanne” has killed off cast members before — Goodman's Dan Conner was revealed to have died in the original series finale — so why not kill off the matriarch?
When asked about this, a well-placed source left the door wide open. It is “too soon” to talk about resuscitating the family sitcom, the source told CNN, but “there will be a time to sit down and look at all the options.”
Meaning, the Conner family could be back on TV — even if Barr won't be.
Legally, much of the decision-making power is in the hands of the show's current production company, Carsey-Werner. In a typical broadcast television deal, a production company will retain ownership of a TV show and license it to the network, in this case ABC.
Under this model, Carsey-Werner — best known for producing a string of television hits like “The Cosby Show,” “3rd Rock From the Sun,” and “Grace Under Fire” — would contractually have the most say in a future for the Conner family.
“In terms of, can they now turn around and sell it to someone else, can they do that without Roseanne [Barr] in it, well, if the contracts gave them all that power, yeah,” Corey Field, an adjunct Professor at USC Gould School of Law and author of “Entertainment Law Fundamentals and Practice,” told CNN.
On social media, some dejected “Roseanne” viewers have called on Fox and other content providers to pick up the series. At this point, however, it seems clear that any future iteration wouldn't include its namesake, and talk of moving to another network is premature.
In an email to staff Wednesday, Disney-ABC TV Group chief Ben Sherwood praised the show's team and said they hoped “to find another way to work together down the road.”
After “Roseanne's” cancellation, executive producer Tom Werner said in a statement, “I support ABC's decision to cancel the show in the wake of Roseanne Barr's most recent reprehensible tweets.”
“Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us. It represented the work of hundreds of talented people,” they said. “I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by these abhorrent and offensive comments, and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs.”
Barr themselves seems to have made peace with the fact that their return to TV is an unlikely scenario.
“I'm not getting my job back, genius,” they told one commenter on Twitter.
David E. Johnson, CEO of Strategic Vision PR Group, agrees.
“The risks are far too great,” Johnson told CNN. “Her comments, especially in this politically charged environment, make the cost of employing them impossible for any network. The damage that would be done to any network by even thinking about bringing them on would be immeasurable and would generate a backlash unlike anything we have seen.”
Should “Roseanne” or the Conner family live on in some form — whether at ABC or another network — Barr will join the ranks of an elite club of TV stars who've been fired from shows on which they starred, only to have it continue without them.
Charlie Sheen is in some ways the closest comparison because though their name was not part of the show's title, they played one of the titular characters on CBS's “Two and a Half Men.”
Depending on their deal, however, Barr could stand to make money from a future version of the series, Field said.
Barr is often credited as a co-creator; though, Werner has said the concept was formed before Barr originally boarded the project.
“I would assume given how successful they were — at least in the first iteration of the show, Season 1 — that they probably had a pretty great deal,” Field said.
COLUMBUS, Ga. — The Columbus State lady Cougars are making history this year.
The seventh ranked tennis team captured the Peach Belt Conference regular season title with a sweep over Lander this weekend at Cooper Creek.
But what makes it so much sweeter is that this is only the second time in history they've done it; with the last being back in 2006.
Not to mention, the first time ever that they've claimed it by themselves, not tying for first with Armstrong.
The lady Cougars finished the regular season with a 19-2 mark and a perfect 12-0 record inside the PBC.
And this is something they've been working on for the last four years.
There are five seniors on this team and head coach Evan Isaacs says he's proud to see all of their hard work pay off.
“This is what we've looked towards; this year to try to win that conference title. So for them to stick together go go through all those things, that was pretty amazing for them to stick together for those four years and believe in the process,” says Isaacs.
The first round of the PBC tournament begins this Friday in Florence, S.C.
The lady Cougars will play USC Aiken in the first match.
NEW YORK (AP) - YouTube stars KSI and Logan Paul are taking their acts into the boxing ring.
They've agreed to a two-fight deal, with the first bout in the Manchester, England, on August 25th and a rematch in the United States.
KSI, whose real name is Olajide William Olatunji, was training with boxers Floyd Mayweather Sr. and Badou Jack in Los Angeles.
The 24-year-old English comedian and actor beat YouTuber Joe Weller in the ring in London last month.
YouTube removed Paul's channels earlier this year after they posted images of what appeared to be a suicide victim online. Paul later apologized. YouTube also temporarily suspended advertising on the 22-year-old's channels in February due to an odd "pattern of behavior."
Keith Urban celebrated New Year's Eve with a free performance in Nashville on Dec. 31.
Before the guitar dropped (yes, Nashville drops a guitar—eat your heart out NYC), Keith performed a medley of hits in tribute to artists who died in 2016, including George Michael's “I'm Never Gonna Dance Again,” Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah,” Glenn Frey of the Eagles' “Take It Easy,” David Bowie's “Heroes,” Merle Haggard's “Mamma Tried” and Prince's “Purple Rain.”
Check out the performance below, which includes a dancing cameo by Keith's wife, Nicole Kidman.
“London is the natural city to host one of the greatest musical shows on earth – with our exceptional musical history, wealth of creative talent and outstanding venues – we're the entertainment capital of the world. Whether you're a musical superstar, Londoner or visitor to the city – London is Open to entertain you.” said Khan.
The awards attract some of the biggest names in music and will be held at the SSE Arena in Wembley on November 17th.
Kimberly Jones, mother of Keaton Jones, uploaded a video to Facebook over the weekend showing how their son is too afraid to go to lunch due to bullies in their school.
Kimberly said, 'Keaton asked to do this after they had they me pick them up AGAIN because they were afraid to go to lunch. My kids are by no stretch perfect, & at home, he's as all boy as they come, but by all accounts he's good at school.
'Talk to your kids. I've even had friends of mine tell me their kids were only nice to them to get them to mess with people. We all know how it feels to want to belong, but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.
This is Keaton Jones, they live in Knoxville and they have a little something to say about bullying.pic.twitter.com/coyQxFp33V — Everything TN (@Everything_TN) December 9, 2017
The video soon gained traction online and has now been viewed over 22 million times.
Soon support began pouring in for Keaton, and even Captain America, Chris Evans, got involved.
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Eva Longoria and Snoop Dog also sent their love and Mark Ruffalo then invited Keaton to the premiere of their latest movie Infinity War.
I love this boy and I've never met him. You are brave and beautiful just as you are, don't ever let others define who you are. Bullies are insecure and ignorant. Words create emotional poison, don't listen to them so that poison doesn't ever get to your pure heart ❤️ pic.twitter.com/SjntR2Pksk — Eva Longoria Baston (@EvaLongoria) December 10, 2017
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Keaton, will you've my guest at the Premiere of #InfinityWar too? I think you are about one of the coolest kids I have ever seen! Can't wait to meet you in person, pal. Forget those ignorant kids. One day, very soon, they are going to feel pretty stupid for this. https://t.co/BqJLxu25GN — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) December 11, 2017
Keaton's mother says they are overwhelmed by the outpouring of support.
Internet 1 - School bullies 0.
A team of scientists from Kirensky Institute of Physics of the Siberian Branch of Russian Academy of Science and Siberian Federal University (SFU) together with Russian and foreign colleagues studied the droplets of a cholesteric liquid crystal that contained a twisted defect loop. The results of the study were published in Scientific Reports journal.
Liquid crystals (LCs) are chemical substances that enter mesophase (the state between solid matter and liquid) within a certain range of temperatures. Liquid crystals combine two opposite properties: they have fluidity which is typical for liquids and anisotropy of physical properties (i.e. difference in properties depending on direction) which is characteristic of solid crystals. These peculiarities are explained by orientational order of long molecular axes. As a result of this the molecules an LC consists of remain relatively mobile on the one hand, but on the other hand are oriented in a certain way determining anisotropy of properties. Molecules may have different orientation, and moreover, it may change under the influence of an electric field. That is why LCs are widely used in electrical optic devices, such as display screens.
The team worked with liquid crystals that are called cholesterics or chiral nematics. Each molecule of a liquid crystal has several rotation axes. In orientation structures a predominant direction of long molecular axes is called a director. In case of cholesterics the director forms a twisted helical structure. It means that the directions of long molecular axes (and therefore their dipole moment) are turned against each other at a certain angle, and their ends trace out a spiral line (a helix) around the axis of the helicoid.
The peculiar orientation of LC molecules leads to spatial modulation of a cholesteric's refraction index, i.e. it changes harmonically. The light moving through such a structure diffracts. The feature of light propagation through a cholesteric LC is determined by the parameters of the helical orientation structure that depend on the properties of the liquid crystal and the nature of its interaction with the environment.
The scientists studied the structure of a cholesteric LC in droplets that were tens of microns in size and had perpendicular directors at the boundary with polymer. It turned out, that the helical structure in various parts of droplets had different helix pitch, i.e. the distances at which the director made a complete turn.
"We've studied the structure formed in the droplets of a cholesteric LC in detail, and showed how the droplets look at different aspect directions and droplet sizes using an optical microscope. We've also studied the influence of an electric field on the periodicity structure and the shape of linear defect," said Mikhail Krakhalev, a co-author of the work, a candidate of physical and mathematical sciences, senior scientific associate of Kirensky Institute of Physics, and the dean of the Chair of General Physics at the Institute of Engineering Physics and Radio Electronics, SFU.
The scientists proved that a defect shaped as a twisted double helix is formed in cholesteric droplets. The authors also studied the optic textures of such structures that could be observed in an optical microscope. Given that the structures formed in cholesteric droplets are quite complex, respective optic textures are determined by a bigger number of factors.
"We've studied and described the correlation between the optical texture of the droplets and their size and the aspect directions. The described structures may help identify similar configurations in other systems, and the approach suggested by us may be used to analyze complex orientation structures," concluded Mikhail Krakhalev.
###
The work was a collaboration of scientists representing Kirensky Institute of Physics of the Siberian Branch of Russian Academy of Science, Lomonosov Moscow State University, and National Cheng Kung University (Taiwan).
On Jan. 29, 1979, Brenda Ann Spencer killed two adults and wounded eight children at Grover Cleveland Elementary School in San Diego. When asked why, they said: “I don't like Mondays. This livens up the day.”
Spencer, 16, was unapologetic. Them explanation was a sigh and a shrug. They were just bored. And when their ennui became agony, they grabbed their father's .22-calibre rifle and began shooting.
They didn't need a reason. “I don't like Mondays” was enough. After all, why look for meaning in awful things? Sometimes there is none. No wonder the well-worn adjective in these types of tragedies is “senseless.”
Bob Geldof and The Boomtown Rats – they of Irish sensibility – were so taken with Spencer's artless admission that they wrote a hit song: “Tell me why/I don't like Mondays/Tell me why/I don't like Mondays/I wanna shoot the whole day down.”
Who knows what was going on in the head of the killer of those 10 souls this week on the streets of suburban Toronto? Was it that it was bright and warm, the first real day of spring? Or, was they not liked enough on Facebook?
Those who seek meaning in everything will blame this on “terrorism”; perhaps that makes them feel better. There is no evidence, but it would give this carnage a rationale.
And then we could confidently declare that Canada is no longer immune to radicals and revolutionaries. We could lament how “it” can happen here, how things have changed for us.
But tragedies often have no meaning. John F. Kennedy was killed by someone their widow Jackie called “a silly Communist” just as JFK was planning a rapprochement with the Soviet Union.
Their brother, Bobby, was killed by a Jordanian with a grievance that had nothing to with Vietnam, race, poverty or any other issue that animated RFK.
What motivated the malcontent in the truck in Nice or the murderer on Westminster Bridge in London? Perhaps high moral purpose. Probably much less.
As Geldof explained Spencer almost 40 years ago: “And Daddy doesn't understand it/He said they were as good as gold/He could see no reasons/'Cause there are no reasons/What reason do you need to show?”
Whatever the motive in Toronto, mass killing happens so much in our world, particularly in the United States, that we barely notice it anymore – except when it happens to us.
And now it has. Much as we see ourselves as passive, deferential and immune, we are no longer a shadow of Heaven. This does not make us the United States, born in blood and bleeding ever since. But we learn anew that bad things happen to good people, even if they happen less here, a reality of a changing country we must recognize and accept.
It happened to women students in Montreal. To Mounties in New Brunswick and Alberta. To Indigenous women in Vancouver. To politicians in Parliament. Horror happens here.
We aren't Iceland or Finland. Or Japan or Bhutan. We are increasingly diverse and overwhelmingly urban. We have gangs, thugs, thieves and psychotics. We have the dispossessed, the displaced and the deranged. We have poverty, depression and loneliness.
Anxiety among young people is an epidemic, the anteroom to suicide. These are hard home truths for us.
In the face of atrocity, we want to “do something,” as decent people feel everywhere. So, we will make donations, write notes, offer condolences, leave flowers, hold vigils.
Really, though, in the absence of an explanation, what can we do? Ban rental vans? Build barriers? Stay home?
Our peaceable kingdom is less peaceable today. Like other societies, we are not invulnerable to these random acts of violence, and we hope – oh, we hope – that they will not harden and coarsen us.
After all, they make no more sense than that misfit running down innocents in our streets – perhaps, for no other reason, than they don't like Mondays.
Andrew Cohen is a journalist, professor and author of Two Days in June: John F. Kennedy and the 48 Hours That Made History.
March 19 (UPI) -- Floyd "Money" Mayweather told TMZ that they are going to apply for an MMA license.
"Everything takes time. Eventually, we're gonna apply for the license, and hopefully we can fight," Mayweather told TMZ. "Even if it takes six-to-eight months - whatever it takes. We want to make sure that everything is done correctly and everything is done the right way."
Mayweather, 41, fought against UFC star Connor McGregor in the boxing ring in August, beating them in 10 rounds. They haven't fought since pushing their record to 50-0 in the sport.
Ever since that megabout, rumors have swirled regarding a future fight in the Octagon between Mayweather and McGregor.
Mayweather has also posted several videos of themselves training in MMA.
"Come at the king, you best not miss...," Mayweather wrote on Instagram in January.
"2018 Floyd Money Mayweather, MMA," Mayweather said in a video with the post. "What are the odds, Paddy? What are the odds?"
McGregor, 29, is 21-3-0 in UFC, but hasn't fought since beating Eddie Alvarez on Nov. 12, 2016 in UFC 205.
BRUSSELS (AP) - Negotiators from the European Union and Britain on Monday hailed major progress in the Brexit talks, but conceded there had been no breakthrough on keeping open the Irish border.
Britain is due to leave the European Union at the end of March 2019, but Brexit talks must be concluded by this fall to leave national parliaments in the bloc time to ratify any deal. The border between EU member state Ireland and Britain's territory Northern Ireland issue is central to an agreement but negotiators are struggling to find a way to keep people, goods and services flowing while respecting EU controls.
"We have travelled a large section of the path toward an orderly withdrawal," EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier told reporters in Brussels, in front of a power-point display highlighting that a political agreement has been reached on most issues.
They said that negotiators, working day and night recently, had agreed on "a large part of what would constitute" the draft international legal agreement governing Britain's departure.
They said the two sides have also reached an agreement on a transition period to help ease Britain out of the EU once it officially leaves on March 29, 2019. Barnier said the period would be "of a limited duration," ending on Dec. 31, 2020.
Alongside him, British envoy David Davis said the progress made is a "significant step" toward a final deal.
Davis said they are confident that the draft legal text the sides have prepared will be endorsed by European Union leaders when they meet on Thursday and Friday. If they do, the sides can begin discussing a future trade agreement, although it cannot take effect until Britain is gone.
Barnier said Britain must continue to respect EU laws and would continue to benefit from Europe's single market and customs union during the transition period.
Davis said international agreements would continue to apply to Britain now and during the transition period after Brexit takes place in 2019. They said the two sides had agreed to set up a joint committee to resolve any disputes during that transition.
"We must seize the moment and carry forward the momentum of the last few weeks," Davis said.
Both sides agreed to intensify talks to keep people, goods and services moving across the Irish border, even though the Europeans are still waiting to hear suggestions from Britain that would avoid a "hard border."
Barnier underlined that "if new proposals are made that respect" Northern Ireland's Good Friday peace agreement, that keep open the Irish border and that respect Europe's single market, then "we are ready to examine them."
Davis talked up the future of EU-British trade relations because they would start from similar rules, standards and tariffs, even though no pact can start until after 2020.
"This will be the biggest, most comprehensive, most effective trade deal ever," they said.
Meanwhile, a group representing European carmakers urged the Brexit negotiators to urgently address issues affecting the auto industry and to prevent "potentially disastrous implications" for its supply chain.
The European Automobile Manufacturers' Association, or ACEA, said it's concerned about whether cars approved by U.K. authorities can still be sold in the EU after Brexit and vice versa. It called for both sides to recognize each other's vehicle approvals.
It also said any new customs checks "would add cost, cause delays and threaten productivity."
___
Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed to this report.
Can you ever love someone too much?
Callie Farrow's love for their twin sister Tilda is so powerful that it borders on the obsessional… so are their suspicions that Tilda's husband is a violent, domestic abuser just a figment of their overactive imagination, or is their life truly in danger?
Prepare to have your mind teased, tormented and twisted by the stunning debut novel from former TV and newspaper journalist Jane Robins in their first foray into fiction writing after penning several true-crime books including The Curious Habits of Dr Adams and The Magnificent Spilsbury.
A deep, dark and disturbing chiller-thriller, White Bodies is a labyrinthine, psychological page-turner, a story bristling with tension, mind games and shocking revelations that will make your skin crawl, set your brain spinning and send shivers up your spine.
In a plot that is as clever as it is compelling, we enter the complex lives of Callie and Tilda, and are thrust into the heart of a sinister sibling relationship that exposes both the menacing side of love and the unbreakable ties that bind twin sisters together.
Felix Nordberg and their wife Tilda Farrow seem like the perfect couple. Young and in love, Felix is a wealthy London financier and Tilda is a beautiful, up-and-coming actor. But behind their flawless façade, not everything is as it seems.
Callie, Tilda's shy and unassuming twin, has watched their sister start to visibly shrink under Felix's domineering love. They can't work out if Felix is ‘a truly amazing person' who adores Tilda, or ‘deeply dangerous.'
But now Tilda has stopped working, nearly stopped eating, and turned into a neat freak, with mugs wrapped in cling film and suspicious syringes hidden in the bathroom bin. They know about Felix's uncontrollable rages, and has seen the small bruises on their sister's arms but Tilda is starting to resent Callie's interference in their life.
Callie too has something to hide… since the age of seven, they have been monitoring their twin, ‘observing her, checking she's okay' and keeping a ‘dossier' on Tilda's life.
Worried about the psychological hold that Felix seems to have over Tilda, Callie joins an internet support group for victims of abuse and their friends. However, things spiral out of control and they start to doubt their own judgment when one of their new web acquaintances is killed by an abusive man.
Callie becomes determined to save Tilda, but the cost of their rescue mission could destroy them all…
White Bodies is an intriguing and mesmerising story, exploring themes of obsession, manipulation, and sibling rivalry with originality, jaw-dropping shock tactics and an addictive blend of domestic noir and psycho thriller.
The bizarre and unsettling bond between Callie and Tilda is the driving force behind all the drama and darkness, their past and present lives slowly unfolding and at the same time exposing the fault lines in their relationship.
Robins has created a truly fascinating and gripping novel, fizzing with menace and suspense, and with a suitably gobsmacking twist in the tail. To miss it is to miss out on a treat!
(HQ, paperback, £7.99)
MARIO'S MOMENT: The French government paid tribute to Mario Testino and their services to culture on Tuesday, awarding them the Légion d'Honneur, France's highest civilian distinction.
Testino received the honor from the French ambassador to Peru, Fabrice Mauriès, during a small ceremony at the French residence in Lima where the photographer was born and raised.
“France is happy to show its recognition today to a person who contributes to the development of young Peruvians as well as to the appreciation of the art and cultural heritage of their nation,” said Mauriès, acknowledging Testino's philanthropic contributions in Peru through their cultural foundation Museo Mate, as well as their creative work.
The recognition made Testino recall the earlier stages in their career when they worked for French language titles alongside Carine Roitfeld, crediting the country for helping them define their signature aesthetic.
“I found my style when working with Carine Roitfeld — first for French Glamour magazine, and then for French Vogue,” the photographer said. “Carine pushed me to go into the South American mode that I had developed in my nude photography, suggesting I apply this to my fashion work. At the time, I worked with a French team continuously — Tom Pecheux for makeup and Marc Lopez for hair. The whole period of the Nineties they were by my side. These were the golden years in my career where I became a well-known photographer.”
As of late, the photographer has been continuing to work with Vogue on a global scale. One of their most recent projects was a takeover issue for Vogue India featuring Kendall Jenner. They also launched “Undressed” earlier this month, an exhibition and accompanying book by the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin that features nude photography.
Alfie the cat, who has been missing for six weeks, has been reunited with their ecstatic owner.
Alfie's disabled owner Ava Freshney was having the worst year imaginable when their father died and their beloved cat went missing within the space of a few months.
They have spent the last few weeks searching high and low for their beloved cat, something that was made hard for them as they are reliant on crutches and walks very slowly.
But finally, the two have been reunited.
Alfie was found by a couple from Abbeymead who saw and recognised them while out for a walk in the field next to Upton St Leonards cricket pitch.
They checked their photo online before contacting Ava to reunite the pair.
When they were found they were ravenous and extremely thin, having lost over half of their body weight.
And when Ava took them to the vets, it turned out that poor Alfie had had an extremely rough few weeks.
During their time away from home, Alfie had been in some sort of accident – either being hit by a vehicle or kicked by an animal.
This has resulted in Alfie having fractures to both rear legs and their tail too.
Fortunately, the fractures have all healed but it has resulted in a bent tail and them walking with a stoop and a leg that has turned inwards.
Once Alfie has been fed up and they are stronger, they will have x-rays to discover exactly what happened to them and whether treatment is possible.
Ava said: “The vet said that it was a miracle he'd survived. To live after being injured in an accident is one thing but to survive six weeks unable to hunt is quite another. I cannot tell you just how happy all of us are to have Alfie home, the gap in our lives is filled with love again. I have to keep touching them as it still feels a little unreal."
Ava said that without the help from so many people in Gloucester, word would not have reached the couple to enable them to recognise them when they saw him.
THREE prison officers are in hospital after being viciously assaulted by an inmate at a maximum security prison in Melbourne's west.
A Corrections Victoria spokesperson confirmed the attack occurred inside Port Phillip Prison.
The assault occurred shortly after midday.
It's understood officers suffered serious facial injuries in the attack.
Port Phillip Prison is in Truganina, 20km west of Melbourne's CBD.
It is the latest in a series of incidents at the prison.
In June, a prison crime ring was busted smuggling in drugs, tech gear and tobacco via old folks' home laundry.
In March bikies were embroiled in a vicious brawl at the prison, leaving several prisoners injured.
Originally published as Officers hurt at max security prison
March 19 (UPI) -- Residents of an apartment in Vietnam captured video of a confused owl that flew into the home and wandered around a bedroom.
The video, filmed Friday, shows the owl wandering around the floor, bed and walls of the bedroom in an apparent search for an exit.
It was unclear how the owl managed to get inside the bedroom, but it did not appear to be injured.
"This bird was lost and flew into our apartment," the filmer wrote.
Wrinkles, creases, and fine lines occur as a natural part of the aging process. The Kerstin Florian International offers its skincare products in fighting these signs of aging.
[Lake Forest, 7/4/2018] — The aging process can be tough on facial skin. Creases start to form on the face, along with some crow's feet. The Kerstin Florian International's anti-aging skincare line feature serums and eye crèmes, among others, formulated for fine lines and wrinkles.
Age-Defying Products
The Kerstin Florian International offers its Caviar Age-Defense Serum. This product is a highly concentrated but lightweight blend of peptides and caviar protein. This mixture dramatically reduces wrinkles and fine lines. It also hydrates, nourishes, and restores a person's complexion.
This product is rich in caviar, phytoessential actives, and peptides. It is free from parabens, the skincare company shares.
The company also has its Rejuvenating Firming Extract. This extract is a robust blend of natural actives and botanical extracts. The intensive serum restores elasticity, minimizes pores, and refines texture. It leaves a person's skin visibly firmer.
Targeting the Eyes
The Kerstin Florian International also provides its gentle yet effective Rehydrating Liposome Eye Crème. This daily eye treatment uses advanced liposomes and peptides. This product delivers time-release moisture, antioxidants, as well as anti-inflammatory botanicals to the delicate eye area.
Meanwhile, the Caviar Age-Defense Crème deeply nourishes with its hydrating restorative crème. This product protects and improves skin function. It visibly fights outward signs of cellular damage and aging.
The crème is rich in caviar extract, phytoessential actives, and co-enzyme A. It is also free from parabens.
The skincare company also offers its Correcting Brightening Eye Crème, which is a fast-absorbing treatment. It provides immediate and long-term hydration and radiance. The anti-aging product helps get rid of dark circles, puffiness, wrinkles, and fine lines.
About Kerstin Florian International
Sweden's nature, energy, and intrinsic connection to wellness inspired Kerstin Florian to blend nature into innovative products and treatments. This inspiration produced experiential treatments with unparalleled results. Them line of products and protocols stem from the four values shown in their holistic approach to skincare. These are peace of mind, regular exercise, proper nutrition, and care of the face and the body.
The products of Kerstin Florian International deliver noticeable results. For further information, go to https://www.kerstinflorian.com/ today.
Study on Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Technology (waterborne, solventborne), Type (epoxy, silicone, polyurenthane), Applications (commercial, non-commercial) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants over the period of 2018 to 2024. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market which includes company profiling of Master Bond Inc, 3M Company, Huntsman Corportation, HEXCEL Corporation, Henkel AG, Solvay SA (Cytec industries Inc.), Beacon Adhesives Inc., Royal Adhesives and Sealants Inc, PPG Industries Inc, Arkema S.A. and Other companies. . According to report the global aerospace adhesives and sealants market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 5.5% over the forecast period of 2018 – 2024.
Segment Covered
The report on global aerospace adhesives and sealants market covers segments such as technology, type and applications. On the basis of technology the global aerospace adhesives and sealants market is categorized into waterborne, solventborne and other technologies. On the basis of type the global aerospace adhesives and sealants market is categorized into epoxy, silicone, polyurenthane and other adhesives. On the basis of applications the global aerospace adhesives and sealants market is categorized into commercial and non-commercial.
Geographic Coverage
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2016 – 2024. The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2018 – 2024.
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global aerospace adhesives and sealants market such as, Master Bond Inc, 3M Company, Huntsman Corportation, HEXCEL Corporation, Henkel AG, Solvay SA (Cytec industries Inc.), Beacon Adhesives Inc., Royal Adhesives and Sealants Inc, PPG Industries Inc, Arkema S.A. and Other companies.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global aerospace adhesives and sealants market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of aerospace adhesives and sealants market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2018 to 2024. We also have highlighted future trends in the aerospace adhesives and sealants market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the aerospace adhesives and sealants market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market
4. Global Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Technology 2018-2024
4.1. Waterborne
4.2. Solventborne
4.3. Other Technologies
5. Global Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Type 2018-2024
5.1. Epoxy
5.2. Silicone
5.3. Polyurenthane
5.4. Other Adhesives
6. Global Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Applications 2018-2024
6.1. Commercial
6.2. Non-commercial
7. Global Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Region 2018-2024
7.1. North America
7.1.1. North America Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Technology
7.1.2. North America Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Type
7.1.3. North America Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Applications
7.1.4. North America Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Country
7.2. Europe
7.2.1. Europe Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Technology
7.2.2. Europe Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Type
7.2.3. Europe Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Applications
7.2.4. Europe Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Country
7.3. Asia-Pacific
7.3.1. Asia-Pacific Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Technology
7.3.2. Asia-Pacific Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Type
7.3.3. Asia-Pacific Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Applications
7.3.4. Asia-Pacific Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Country
7.4. RoW
7.4.1. RoW Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Technology
7.4.2. RoW Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Type
7.4.3. RoW Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Applications
7.4.4. RoW Aerospace Adhesives and Sealants Market by Sub-region
8. Company Covered
8.1. Master Bond Inc
8.2. 3M Company
8.3. Huntsman Corportation
8.4. Hexcel Corporation
8.5. Henkel AG
8.6. Solvay SA (cytec Industries Inc.)
8.7. Beacon Adhesives Inc.
8.8. Royal Adhesives and Sealants Inc
8.9. PPG Industries Inc
8.10. Arkema S.A.
8.11. Other Companies
Contact Us
Infinium Global Research,
Website:https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com
Email: sales@infiniumglobalresearch.com
Irvine, Calif., Aug. 14, 2017 -- University of California, Irvine researchers received more than $378 million in grants and contract funding for fiscal 2016-17, the second-highest total in campus history.
From federal and state agencies, leading foundations and companies, this funding -- which follows a record year in 2015-16, when the university garnered $395 million -- represents continued support for UCI's top-ranked faculty, first-rate facilities, diverse and talented student body, and community-based programs.
"Innovation and discovery thrive with robust research grant funding," said Pramod Khargonekar, vice chancellor for research. "Research is a central mission for the UCI faculty, students and staff, and these strong results indicate that UCI's world-class research enterprise will continue to make important, productive contributions to the state, the nation and the world."
The slightly lower total is due to decreased federal funding; nonfederal support increased this year. Khargonekar explained that a possible reason for the drop is that federal agencies did not receive their 2017 budgets until May 2017, eight months after the start of the fiscal year.
Although research funding touches every corner of campus, the greatest investment was in the area of health. The Chao Family Comprehensive Cancer Center brought in more than $24 million, and the School of Medicine logged $147.5 million in support, 39 percent of UCI's 2016-17 total.
Other noteworthy funding sources and recipients:
Support from charitable foundations increased by 9 percent from the 2015-16 fiscal year, to $67 million. One highlight was a $2 million grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to Anthony James, UCI's Donald Bren Professor of Microbiology & Molecular Genetics and Molecular Biology & Biochemistry, to generate sustainable, genetics-based approaches to controlling malaria parasite transmission in Africa by the vector mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
The UCI Center for Chemistry at the Space-Time Limit received another $5 million from the National Science Foundation in 2016 to continue its groundbreaking work in pushing the limits of interrogating chemistry on ultrafast and ultrasmall scales. CaSTL is one of eight NSF-funded "Centers for Chemical Innovation" that are designed to tackle grand challenges in the field.
The California Energy Commission awarded UCI's Institute of Transportation Studies $11.2 million to develop and administer a natural-gas vehicle incentive program.
Building upon its strengths and reputation in critical theory and Korean studies, UCI launched the Center for Critical Korean Studies, which is funded by a 1 billion-won grant (about $850,000) from the Academy of Korean Studies. Its emphasis is on Korea-specific critical theory related to race, borders, ecology and current pop culture.
Adding to their $16 million in National Institutes of Health grants over the past 15 years, UCI cognitive sciences professor Gregory Hickok recently received just over $500,000 from the NIH supporting their research on how neural abnormalities affect speech and language in an area of the brain tied to stroke-induced aphasia.
Dr. Baruch Kuppermann, professor of ophthalmology and biomedical engineering, is using $10 million from jCyte to lead a phase 2b trial of the company's retinitis pigmentosa therapy, jCell. Founded by UCI researchers Dr. Henry Klassen and Dr. Jing Yang, jCyte evolved from research conducted at the UCI School of Medicine and has been working to advance its RP treatment since 2012.
###
Additional data on UCI's 2016-17 research funding:
816 new awards were received during the fiscal year.
456 UCI researchers received new awards.
47.3 percent of support came from nonfederal sources.
The U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, which encompasses the National Institutes of Health, provided $110 million, making it the largest single source of research funding at UCI.
$71 million in grant and corporate support was received for clinical trials.
For more information, see the Office of Research's annual report at http://research. uci. edu/ annualreport .
About the University of California, Irvine: Founded in 1965, UCI is the youngest member of the prestigious Association of American Universities. The campus has produced three Nobel laureates and is known for its academic achievement, premier research, innovation and anteater mascot. Led by Chancellor Howard Gillman, UCI has more than 30,000 students and offers 192 degree programs. It's located in one of the world's safest and most economically vibrant communities and is Orange County's second-largest employer, contributing $5 billion annually to the local economy. For more on UCI, visit http://www. uci. edu .
Media access: Radio programs/stations may, for a fee, use an on-campus ISDN line to interview UCI faculty and experts, subject to availability and university approval. For more UCI news, visit news.uci.edu. Additional resources for journalists may be found at communications.uci.edu/for-journalists.
The discovery of ordered, segregation-induced superstructures at general grain boundaries challenges a traditional view in physical metallurgy
A team of researchers finds that randomly selected, high-angle, general grain boundaries in a nickel-bismuth (Ni-Bi) polycrystalline alloy can undergo interfacial reconstruction to form ordered superstructures, a discovery that enriches the theories and fundamental understandings of both grain boundary segregation and liquid metal embrittlement in physical metallurgy.
This discovery shows that segregation-induced ordered superstructures are not limited to special grain boundaries that are inherently periodic, but may exist at a variety of general grain boundaries that were thought to be lacking any long-range order; hence, they can affect the performance of polycrystalline engineering alloys.
The team, including nanoengineering professor Jian Luo here at the University of California San Diego as a co-corresponding author together with Professor Martin Harmer at Lehigh University, lays out their findings in the Oct. 6, 2017 issue of Science.
Researchers observed and investigated segregation-induced superstructures at randomly-selected general grain boundaries of a Ni-Bi polycrystalline alloy via aberration-corrected scanning transmission electron microscopy (AC STEM), in conjunction with first-principles density functional theory calculations.
Grain boundaries are internal interfaces in polycrystalline materials that often control the materials' properties. The segregation of alloying elements or impurities at grain boundaries can significantly alter, often severely degrade, the mechanical and physical properties of engineered alloys.
Prior studies of atomic-level grain boundary and segregation structures have been mostly focused on small-angle or special symmetrical tilt and twist boundaries with high symmetries and well-defined periodicities in artificial bicrystals. However, most grain boundaries in polycrystalline materials are so-called "general" grain boundaries of mixed tilt and twist character, which are not well understood due to the difficulties in characterizing and modeling them. Yet, such general grain boundaries are often significantly weaker mechanically and chemically than the well-studied special grain boundaries, thereby limiting properties and performance of engineered materials. Here, a traditional view is that these high-angle general grain boundaries may not undergo interfacial reconstructions to form ordered superstructures because a lattice match between the two abutting grains is lacking. This traditional belief is challenged by this new report in Science.
More specifically, interfacial reconstructions that change the 2-D translational symmetries, which are known to occur frequently at crystalline surfaces, were thought impossible to be realized at general grain boundaries that should be lacking long-range translational symmetries. But researchers showed that it is enabled by faceting, as well as the formation of atomic-level steps at the grain boundaries, which allows separate interfacial reconstructions to occur at both terminating grain surface planes in a unique "bilayer" interfacial phase (wherein an "interfacial phase" refers to a thermodynamically 2-D phase spontaneously-formed at an interface, which is also called a "complexion").
Specific to this nickel-bismuth system, such interfacial superstructures are the root cause of a mysterious phenomenon called "liquid metal embrittlement," wherein a normally ductile nickel metal or nickel-based alloy can fail catastrophically in an extremely brittle manner in contact with a bismuth-based liquid metal.
This work is a further, significant advancement of Luo's earlier collaborative research with Lehigh University published six years ago [Luo et al., Science 333: 1730-1733 (2011)].
In that earlier work, researchers discovered this bilayer interfacial phase that is responsible for the mysterious liquid metal embrittlement in nickel-bismuth, but the exact atomic structures of the bilayers had not been determined at that time. Specifically, it was unclear whether the segregated bismuth atoms can form reconstructed superstructures, the existence of which was not expected at the general grain boundaries, but have been revealed in this new study. Another scientifically interesting observation of the current study is that the interfacial reconstruction is driven and dictated by the orientation of the terminating grain surface, rather than by lattice mis-orientation between the two abutting grains as commonly believed in classical physical metallurgy.
Researchers believe that these new and somewhat surprising discoveries are scientifically important and enrich our fundamental understanding of the general grain boundaries that often control the performance properties of various polycrystalline engineered materials.
###
This work was primarily supported by an ONR MURI project led by Professor Martin Harmer at Lehigh University (2011-2017). The first author of this article is Dr. Zhiyang Yu, who is currently an associate professor at Xiamen University of Technology in China. This work was also a collaboration with Professor Patrick R. Cantwell at Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, Professor Michael Widom and their student, Dr. Qin Gao, and Professor Gregory S. Rohrer at Carnegie Mellon University, Dr. Denise Yin at Lehigh University, and Dr. Yuanyao Zhang and Dr. Naixie Zhou, both of whom recently received their Ph.D. degrees in Materials Science and Engineering from UC San Diego.
In a broader scientific context, this study enriches the fundamental understanding of 2-D interfacial phases or complexions that can influence fabrication processing, microstructural development, and a spectrum of mechanical, electronic, ionic, and other physical properties of both metallic and ceramic materials. In a separate on-going Vannevar Bush Faculty Fellowship (formerly National Security Science and Engineering Faculty Fellowship) project, Professor Luo and their team are also developing interfacial phase diagrams to help achieve better controls of such 2-D interfacial phases in general.
In this photo taken on Saturday, March 17, 2018, performer Bomba dresses before a Saturday night drag show at a gay club in Yekaterinburg, Russia. The prospect of President Vladimir Putin winning another six years in office drew an apathetic response at a gay nightclub in the Ural mountains city of Yekaterinburg. Despite harrowing reports last year of killings of gay men in the predominantly Muslim republic of Chechnya, those at the nightclub insist gay men in Russia can be safe as long as they are discreet. (AP Photo/Nataliya Vasilyeva)
In this photo taken on Saturday, March 17, 2018, performer Bomba dresses before a Saturday night drag show at a gay club in Yekaterinburg, Russia. The prospect of President Vladimir Putin winning another six years in office drew an apathetic response at a gay nightclub in the Ural mountains city of Yekaterinburg. Despite harrowing reports last year of killings of gay men in the predominantly Muslim republic of Chechnya, those at the nightclub insist gay men in Russia can be safe as long as they are discreet. (AP Photo/Nataliya Vasilyeva)
YEKATERINBURG, Russia (AP) - From the stage of a gay nightclub, a performer in drag reminded those in the crowd of their civic duty as Russians.
"Do you know what's happening tomorrow?" asked Andrei. "I'm going to the election tomorrow. If anyone wants to join me, I can lend you my makeup, we'll go together."
The 30-year-old appeared to be the only person at the club in this industrial city 1,400 kilometers (870 miles) east of Moscow who was enthusiastic - even if in a joking way - about voting Sunday and what the re-election of President Vladimir Putin would mean for the LGBT community in Russia.
As they put on their makeup before the show, Andrei was asked what they expect the next six years would be like.
They echoed Putin's mantra: "Some kind of stability."
In 2013, Putin signed legislation that banned "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations among minors," making it a crime to hold gay rights rallies or to openly discuss homosexuality in content accessible to children.
In reality, that has meant a "don't-ask-don't-tell" agreement of sorts with the state. Before the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, homosexuality could be punished by up to five years in prison.
While some of the men said they never found acceptance in their families, they insisted that they can be safe as long as they are discreet. The performers interviewed at the club would not give their last names because they had day jobs elsewhere and feared repercussions.
Markus, 26, left home in their early teens after dropping out of a military boarding school. For him, as for the other performers, going onto the streets of Russia's fourth-largest city in drag is out of the question.
"I can't just put on the heels and walk the streets," they said. "My upbringing won't allow it. I'm just an ordinary man like everyone else except for my sexual orientation, but I shouldn't be telling everyone about it. It's my private business."
Markus added: "If you don't put it on display, if you don't show off, it's OK."
A year ago, reports began emerging from the predominantly Muslim republic of Chechnya in southern Russia that men were tortured and killed on the mere suspicion of being gay.
A government investigation found no proof to back the accounts of dozens who spoke about torture at secret prison facilities overseen by the allies of Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov. They have claimed there are no gays in Chechnya.
For the LGBT community in Yekaterinburg, those horror stories seem like something from a foreign country - unconceivable in this city in the Ural mountains.
Among the performers at the Fame nightclub, Andrei was the only one who said they would vote, although they refused to say for whom. One of the veteran performers, 51-year-old Gera, said they have never voted because they have "neither confidence nor faith" in elections, and Markus also said it was pointless.
Markus said they do not hold a grudge against Putin for monopolizing power. Like many Russians, they credited them for bringing stability despite worsening relations with the West.
"Compared to the Soviet Union and the 1990s when there were gangs, life is much easier now," they said.
The era when some of Yekaterinburg's neighborhoods were outdoor drug dens at night may be gone, but security at Fame illustrated the lingering jitters in the gay community. Three men at the entrance searched patrons' belongings at the metal detector more meticulously than security officials at some Russian airports.
Most of the patrons did not want to be photographed or interviewed, saying they feared repercussions from neighbors or colleagues.
Zakhar Naumov, a 32-year-old marketing manager at a flower company, said they could understand the need for heightened security. They were beaten by guards at a club hosting a gay party in 2008 "because I was walking out of their club, holding someone by the hand."
Unlike most victims of anti-gay violence that largely goes unreported in Russia, Naumov went to the police and filed charges. Their attackers were given brief prison sentences.
Naumov said another six years of Putin is "going to be the same as before," with gays opening up about their sexuality only to immediate family members or at clubs.
"It's like they exist, but at the same time, it's as if they don't," they said.
But they draw hope from a younger generation that appears to be far more accepting of gays than people who grew up in the Soviet Union. Attitudes won't change until the government is "as young as we are."
Naumov said they would vote - but only to spoil their ballot, "because there is no choice, no choice at all."
Holiday had a season-high 37 points for the Pelicans and Rajon Rondo had a triple-double of 13 points, 12 rebounds and 12 assists. Moore had a career-high 36 points and made a career-most six 3-pointers on a night New Orleans set a franchise record with 18 3-pointers.
The Pelicans led by seven entering the fourth and were up by eight with about 10 minutes left when Moore scored all their points in a 6-2 run. Houston used an 11-3 spurt after that to tie it at 112-112 with about six minutes remaining. Paul made five points in that span and Capela capped it with two dunks.
New Orleans was without Anthony Davis, who sat out with a groin injury. They missed three games after sustaining the injury on Dec. 1 but played in the last two games before the problem began to bother them again.
The Pelicans were up by 2 early in the third quarter when Holiday scored five quick points to push the lead to 89-82. They led by seven later in the quarter when Holiday got going again, scoring all of their points in a 5-2 run that made it 96-86.
Another basket by Holiday extended the lead to 13 points with about two minutes left in the quarter. But Paul outscored the Pelicans 8-2 the rest of the quarter to allow the Rockets to get within 103-96 entering the fourth. They made two 3-pointers in that stretch, with the second one coming just before the buzzer.
DeMarcus Cousins received a technical foul in the second quarter when they shoved Trevor Ariza away from them with two hands after Ariza fouled him. Ariza yelled at Cousins after the push and Chris Paul and Harden pulled them away as they walked toward them before order was restored.
TIP-INS
Pelicans: New Orleans set a season-high with 74 first-half points. ... Holiday has scored 30 or more points in two straight games. ... Cousins had 24 points and 14 rebounds.
Rockets: Harden's 14 assists in the first half tied a franchise record for assists in a half. Harden also did it last year and John Lucas did it on Oct. 27, 1977. ... Paul finished with 20 points.
STREAKING
Houston's 10-game winning streak is tied for its longest since the Rockets won a franchise-record 22 straight games in 2008. They have lost just once in the last 17 games.
UP NEXT
Pelicans: Host Milwaukee on Wednesday.
Rockets: Host Charlotte on Wednesday.
By Kristie Rieken, The Associated Press
In diesel-powered villages, electric bills can climb to several hundred dollars a month, especially in the winter.
So a batch of new energy assessors — who live in those communities — are being trained to spot areas of improvement around the home.
Alexis Wagner is looking down at a shiny black Samsung tablet. On it, there's a list she'll spend the next two hours filling out.
“When we go through the house, there will be appliance inventory, other plugins, windows,” Wagner explains.
Before we take off our shoes to enter this Juneau home, Wagner fills out the occupancy: there's a woman who lives here with two small dogs. Even body heat is taken into consideration when evaluating energy efficiency.
They say just scrolling through this list, she's getting their own ideas.
“I have to make a lot of changes to my own house,” they say with a laugh.
Wagner works at the Metlakatla Indian Community as a grant writer. But after today, she'll be able to do another task, and she's not alone. Five people are in the group with them — learning this new skill.
“We call them energy leaders but privately I think of them as energy champions,” said Shaina Kilcoyne, an education and outreach director at REAP — the Renewable Energy Alaska Project.
The nonprofit invited residents from Kake, Angoon, Hoonah, Yakutat and Metlakatla to participate in the new program. It's part of a joint-effort with Southeast tribes to make household energy assessments more accessible and affordable.
An energy audit from a private company can cost thousands of dollars. So while these energy assessments aren't quite as detailed, Kilcoyne says for $25 it's a great value.
“Some of the upgrades can be expensive,” Kilcoyne said. “We're starting with the low-hanging fruit.”
In the home's kitchen, Austin Pajak, who lives in Yakutat, is eyeballing the lights.
A gold retro-looking fixture hangs above the kitchen table.
Pajak inputs the wattage of each bulb into the spreadsheet on their tablet, and Kilcoyne walks them through it.
Replacing these light bulbs with LEDs could save the homeowner around $45 a year.
But Kilcoyne says not every energy vampire is so obvious. Take your coffee maker, for example. Some models have a burner plate which keeps the pot of coffee warm all day and uses electricity. So Kilcoyne suggests swapping out a glass coffee pot for an insulated one.
Jennifer Hanlon, an environmental director at Yakutat Tlingit Tribe, says those small household fixes are the best option for now.
Addressing the little things doesn't solve the bigger problem, though: that these communities are powered by diesel.
But they say Yakutat is still a ways from tapping into alternative forms of energy, like tidal.
“You know, we're not going to get that up and running anytime soon,” Hanlon said.
So having a few trained people in Yakutat who can offer energy assessments could at least ease some of the financial burden.
And, Hanlon says, make it easier for people to stay in Yakutat.
After a few hours of scanning the Juneau house from top to bottom, the energy assessors are ready to make their final recommendations and explain to the homeowner how much they could save.
With a few simple adjustments, the household electric bill could be reduced by close to 10 percent.
One of the newly minted energy assessors said they were excited to go back to the village and share with they learned. They already had a list of homes lined up.
The Home Energy Leader Program runs through July 31.
After a setback in their Missouri Valley Conference opener, South Dakota State looks to regroup heading into a stretch of very winnable games.
The eighth-ranked Jackrabbits (4-1/0-1 MVFC) return home Saturday night (October 7) to face Southern Illinois.
The Salukis (2-2/0-1 MVFC) could easily be unbeaten a month into the season. They led FBS' Memphis at halftime in week three and had the ball late with a couple of chances to win against Northern Iowa last weekend.
Southern Illinois is very balanced on offense - 157 passes and 152 runs so far in four games.They are averaging 35 points per game and put up 39 in a six-point loss to the Jackrabbits last year.
Quarterback Sam Straub has thrown for 12 touchdowns and 241 yards a game. Receiver Connor Iwena had 107 yards in receiving against SDSU last year, while Darrell James already has five TD catches this year.
On the ground, running back Daquan Isom is averaging five yards a carry after being selected to the Missouri Valley's All-Newcomer team last year.
Defensively, SIU is among the 25 best teams in FCS against the run. The Salukis have also forced eight turnovers so far and sacked the opposing quarterback 12 times.
Lineman Kyron Watson and linebacker Anthony Knighton have combined for five sacks and ten tackles for loss. Watson had a sack and forced fumble against SDSU last year.
Defensive back Jeremy Chinn has two interceptions.
One of the keys to the game could be field position. Saluki punter Lane Reazin is second in FCS, averaging 43 yards a kick.
Kickoff is 6:00 PM Brookings, Saturday night.
In last week's 19-7 loss at Youngstown State, the Jackrabbits were on their way to another fast start when disaster struck. Tight end Dallas Goedert hauled in a pass near the goal line on SDSU's first possession, when they were stripped of the ball, and the Penguins recovered on their own six-yard line.
From there, backup quarterback Nathan Mays, inserted mid-drive for injured starter Hunter Wells, helped YSU negotiate 94 yards in 16 plays to take a 7-0 lead.
The Jackrabbit offense responded with a touchdown drive of their own to tie it, but on the Penguins second possession they implemented a strategy that would prove to the the difference in the game - running the football on nearly every down.
Youngstown ran nine plays on that drive - all on the ground - gobbling up yardage and eating uptime.
Of the 86 plays the Penguins would run against SDSU, 63 were running plays, going for a total of 310 yards.
All of those yards on the ground, plus converting on 10-of-16 third down tries, kept the ball in YSU's hands for more than 45 minutes, keeping the Jackrabbits high powered offense off the field.
In all, SDSU ran just 37 plays to Youngstown's 86.
The Jacks didn't help their own cause, turning the ball over twice and allowing a safety, one play after ending a Penguin drive with an interception.
Tom Cruise has excited fans by sharing a post relating to the forthcoming Top Gun sequel.
The US actor tweeted a picture of themselves in character on a runway, holding a helmet bearing their character's name - Maverick.
Referencing the original 1986 film's popular catchphrase, "Feel the need" was written across the image.
Cruise, who played Pete "Maverick" Mitchell in the hit military action film, also tagged producer Jerry Bruckheimer and Skydance Media, who are tipped to be behind the sequel, Top Gun: Maverick.
The actor has previously spoken about the sequel, and in 2017 they told Australian breakfast TV program Sunrise that it was "definitely happening", and that filming would begin this year.
According to entertainment website Variety, the film will be set in a world of drone technology.
Oblivion director Joseph Kosinski will direct the sequel to the 1986 hit that made Cruise a global star.
It is thought to have a July 2019 release date, and will come 33 years after the original film - directed by the late Tony Scott.
Leitrim may have picked up their first win of the Connacht U17 Championship last Friday against Sligo but that doesn't stop manager Gene Bohan for demanding the best from their young players.
Undefeated Galway, through to the Connacht Final, visit Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada this Friday, July 7, (7.30 pm throw-in) and the Leitrim manager wants their team to front up and beat the Tribesmen - even if they acknowledge it might be a long shot.
“We said to the lads in the middle of the field, let's go and beat Galway,” revealed Gene to the Observer, “How realistic that is, I don't know but that is the way we are going to go. That is the way we are going to train Wednesday night and we'll go with that in our mind that we are going to beat Galway on Friday night in Pairc Sean.
“That's the way it has to be, we're not going to go out and bow down to anyone. We're not going to let someone come to Leitrim and roll over for them, these lads won't roll over for them.”
And Gene stresses that this U17 team is the match of anyone in the country - “I looked at the results in Leinster and I see Wicklow beating Dublin, we beat Wicklow by six points in a challenge match, I see Offaly losing to Meath by a point, we beat Offaly by four points in a challenge match, I see Longford beating Carlow and we beat Carlow and drew with Longford.
“As I keep saying, there is huge potential in this group, we've just been very unlucky through the year with injuries and different things but let's push on from here.”
As for last Friday hard fought and very late win over Sligo in Markievicz Park, Gene was just delighted to get the victory - “Delighted with it, delighted for the lads, they've put in great effort since January and as I probably said to last week, we've been very unlucky along with the way things played out for us in different games so far.
“We won't go over that again but we're just delighted with the way things worked out. Talking to them in the middle of the field, they are thrilled and some of them are saying when was the last time a Leitrim Minor team won? It is a championship win for a Leitrim Minor team and that is a positive to take out of today.
“They are a great bunch of lads, a lot of things didn't work for them today. We got a little boost with the man being sent off. That was a help to us in the end when we got a little bit of a run on them but the lads fought hard and even when things were going well for them, they kept at it.
“I think before the game, we as a management team were trying our best to get the lads up for the game but realistically they were feeling they were out of the championship and it was probably hard to lift themselves up for it and I'd say that probably played a part in the early stages of it too.
“Chances that maybe we'd have taken against Roscommon we weren't taking them today but when it counted at the end, they took their chances and pushed on.”
The Ottawa Senators scored the opening goal in Game 3 on one of the most ridiculous Erik Karlsson passes we've ever seen (and that's saying something.)
Deep in the defensive zone, they flipped the puck high through the air all the way to the Bruins blue line — and right onto the stick of Mike Hoffman.
And of course, then Hoffman pulls an amazing deke to beat Tukka Rask.
Let's watch it over and over.
NEW YORK — A French-Italian crew has won the first leg of the Atlantic Cup by reaching New York an hour and a half ahead of an American crew after sailing 648 nautical miles from Charleston, South Carolina.
Skipper Catherine Pourre and Pietro Luciani on Earendil sailed into New York ahead of the American crew of Amhas, Micah Davis and Rob Windsor.
Earendil moved into the lead after a long, intense battle with Amhas. The French-Italian duo played the conditions perfectly, allowing it to gain a tactical and speed advantage after gybing in from the Gulf Stream to race along the New Jersey shore.
The second stage of three-stage race, to Portland, Maine, begins Saturday. The race will cover 1,008 nautical miles and is being sailed in Class40s.
Akshay Kumar and Ranveer Singh came together to celebrate the success of recently released movie Toilet: Ek Prem Katha in a hilarious video. The movie has just crossed its half century in terms of Box Office collections. The film, which starred Akshay and Bhumi Pednekar in lead roles with Anupam Kher and Divyendu Sharma in supporting cast, released on August 11 and is inspired by Prime Minister of India's Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan.
The film has opened not only with great reviews but also great collections, grossing 51.45 crores in its opening weekend. So, actor Ranveer Singh took social media and celebrated the success of the movie with movie star Akshay Kumar in a most rib-tickling way.
Take a look at the video posted by Ranveer Singh here:
WASHINGTON An 18-year-old South Carolina man accused of attempting to join Islamic State was arrested late Thursday before boarding a flight in Charleston, the U.S. Justice Department said on Friday.
Zakaryia Abdin of Ladson, South Carolina, appeared in federal court on Friday in Charleston on the charge of trying to aid a designated foreign terrorist organization, the department said in a statement.
The charge is based on Abdin's suspected attempt to travel overseas to join Islamic State, whose fighters seized control of large areas of Syria and Iraq but have been losing ground in both countries.
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents arrested Abdin at Charleston International Airport, the statement said. It did not give details about the evidence against him.
It was not immediately clear if Abdin had a lawyer to comment on the case against him.
Forces backed by the United States, Turkey and Russia are advancing on Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa. Iraqi government forces also retook several Iraqi cities last year and the eastern part of the city of Mosul.
(Reporting by Susan Heavey and Ian Simpson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Tom Brown)
Don't miss our news
Get the latest on government waste, fraud, and abuse - directly in your inbox.
This cover image released by Republic Records shows "As Long As I Have You," by Roger Daltrey. (Republic Records via AP)
This cover image released by Republic Records shows "As Long As I Have You," by Roger Daltrey. (Republic Records via AP)
Roger Daltrey, "As Long As I Have You" (Republic Records)
It may seem paradoxical to begin a review of a Roger Daltrey album by mentioning Pete Townshend, but The Who is a vocalist themselves credits their bandmate for encouragement in getting "As Long As I Have You" finished.
"I'd lost confidence in it, due to a long break recovering from meningitis," Daltrey says in a touching liner note on their first solo record since 1992.
Daltrey has embodied many characters on record, stage and screen - pinball wizard Tommy and real-life reformed criminal John McVicar among them - but he's not the kind of singer whose personality gets lost in the song. Instead, their credibility and authenticity as a vocalist make the tunes their own no matter who wrote them.
Townshend's also plays acoustic guitar and a few electrifying solos on seven of the 11 songs on the album, an exquisitely chosen selection of tunes by Stephen Stills, Parliament, Stevie Wonder, Nick Cave, K.T. Oslin by way of Dusty Springfield and Boz Scaggs, among others.
Daltrey tips their cap to their band and youth by covering a pair of tracks The Who played when they were starting out - the dynamic title song and a Joe Tex ballad, "The Love You Save."
Both Stills' "How Far" (from the first Manassas album) and Parliament's "Get On Out of the Rain" (aka "Come In Out of the Rain") could be The Who circa 1972, Daltrey singing with gusto and Townshend's guitar lines providing real lift. Oslin's soulful "Where Is a Man to Go" and Cave's "Into My Arms" are also great.
The end of the album brings a rarity: Daltrey originals. The tender "Certified Rose," with Stax-like horns, is dedicated to their daughter, while thoughtful closer "Always Heading Home" attains added poignancy in light of their brush with mortality.
Daltrey says he's ready for another Who is a album and this record and their 2014 collaboration with Wilko Johnson show he's still in great form. It would be an amazing journey, Pete.
NEW DELHI, March 31 Abattoirs and meat sellers across India called off a four-day strike on Friday after the state government of Uttar Pradesh, the most populous state, gave assurances that mainly Muslim-run, unlicensed slaughter houses would not be shut down or attacked.
There had been fears that demands by right-wing Hindu groups to stop the slaughter of cows, considered holy in Hinduism, could stoke communal tensions with Muslims, who dominate the meat industry and make up 14 percent of India's 1.3 billion people.
"We have decided to call off the strike after a meeting with the chief minister, who assured us that the state government will renew the licences of slaughter houses," Chaudhary Aley Ummar Qureshi, a general secretary of the Muslim All India Jamiatul Quresh, told Reuters from Lucknow, the state capital.
"The government also assured us of protection from any arbitrary or unlawful crackdown."
Hindu hardliner Yogi Adityanath ordered the closure of abattoirs operating without licences soon after taking over as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh on March 18. Some supporters forcibly started shutting down meat shops and abattoirs, many of whose licences ran out years ago.
The crackdown in Uttar Pradesh spread to other states ruled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party.
Traders will resume selling meat after the nine-day festival of Navratra, when Hindu devotees fast and stay away from meat, ends on Wednesday, Qureshi said.
In Modi's home state of Gujarat, 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed after a wave of Hindu-Muslim riots in 2002 when they were chief minister. A Supreme Court investigation found no case against Modi, who denied any wrongdoing. (Reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj; additional reporting by Rajendra Jadhav in MUMBAI; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Alessandro Florenzi notes #ASRoma "were practically dead, but they didn't kill us off completely. Now we'll spit blood for this shirt and leave no regrets" https://t.co/pvUwGTeZ9S #LFC #LIVROM #LiverpoolRoma #LFCASR #UCL pic.twitter.com/WFhfjLSW98
CHICAGO (AP) - A nursing mother is suing for discrimination after being told they should use the men's restroom to express breast milk when they reported for jury duty at a Chicago court.
Attorney Judith Miller says a clerk told them Oct. 2 that there was no a lactation room in Chicago's Daley Center. Miller had given birth 11 weeks earlier. They say the clerk said the power outlet in the women's restroom was broken, but that they could use the men's to pump instead.
Miller left the courthouse and didn't serve.
Miller and the American Civil Liberties Union have filed a lawsuit alleging discrimination by Chicago and Cook County under the Illinois Human Rights Act.
Cook County officials say the clerk was misinformed and that all city and county courts have private spaces available for nursing mothers.
The CFDA and Accessories Council are set to kick of the second edition of their joint talent development fund — the Elaine Gold Launch Pad.
Applications for the fund are now open. A new advisory board will select finalists, and ultimately a winner. That group includes Brad Schmidt (Cadet), Carly-Ann Fergus (XRC Labs), Colette Malouf (Colette Malouf), Fabio Silva (FRSilva Law), Greg Armas (Assembly New York), Jake Sargent (Softmatter Ventures), John Jones (Fjord), Karen Giberson (Accessories Council), Keanan Duffty, Leila Larijani (UBS Financial Services), Lisa Smilor (CFDA), Marshall Cheek (Tory Burch), Rebecca Minkoff (Rebecca Minkoff), Sara Kozlowski (CFDA), Sarah Blair (Barneys New York), Sebastein Park (IDEO), Steven Kolb (CFDA) and Danilo Venturi (Polimoda).
The four-year partnership has a $1.5 million endowment, funded by the estate of Elaine Gold — a veteran of the accessories industry who passed away in 2015. It looks to support designers whose businesses are less than three years old.
This year's fund will distribute up to $175,000 in prize money. Up to 10 finalists will be chosen to compete.
CFDA chief executive officer Steven Kolb said: “The Elaine Gold Launch Pad program encourages early emerging talent to be inventive in their thinking and in how their brand potentially impacts the fashion landscape. The first group of design entrepreneurs were provided with the opportunity to test and refine ideas, develop unique strategies and question new ways of making, selling and storytelling. While many already had values connected to sustainability and social innovation, new technologies and systems the program amplified their thinking.”
Accessories Council president Karen Giberson added: “We were so impressed with our first group of mentees — they all had a unique perspective and I have no doubt, we will see big things from them in the future. It was an honor to work with them and our dynamic mentors and I know Elaine would be very proud of the team. As we prepare for the next group, our last team has set a high bar. We are looking forward to reviewing the new applications.”
Last year's grand prize winner was Lucy Jones of Ffora.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucestershire's unique tones are much maligned in some quarters but we've got a message for you, critics - we don't sound like farmers, we aren't 'gert lush' like that other lot down the M5.
We have some good words, proper words and we love them.
For all those who weren't born at GRH, CGH or the Dilke this might be handy guide for you.
Jub. Jubby. Jubber: Not very nice. "That's a bit of a jub" "It's a bit jubby." "He / they are a right jubber"
Gel on: Phrase: like get lost or go away. "You think you're the best player in the world? Gel on, son."
Kenner: Noun, a house
Juckie: Noun, a dog
Mush: as in "alright mush." also "mushers' got a new dog."
Dinlo: Adjective. You are not very bright. Example. "Duuuuh you're a proper Dinlo"
Manger: Adjective (said with a soft g) adjective. Filthy, not clean, not nice… "He's a right dirty manger"
Gipping: Adjective. Usually referring to something that doesn't taste nice. "That sandwich was absolutely gipping."
Cheltenhamshire - The county in which all people from Cheltenham live. We don't like to hear mention of *that* place up the road.
Daps : You wear them on your feet when you do PE
Sconner : A Newent-based insult, we wouldn't dream of telling you what it means
Wigger : Someone with a bad haircut
My lovely : Term of endearment used by older people
Fairplay : Always one word not two. Used as prefix 'fairplay you should've seen it' or as a term of agreement; "that was a great goal wasn't it?" "fairplay"
Drippers : In Gloucester we have drippers, not lardy cakes. They are lush. You get them from Jane's Pantry
Safe: As in safe as houses.
Our kid: Younger brother, or cousin, the Mancs didn't invent this one
Babber: Any child under 2, or a term of endearment to a friend = 'orwright me old babber?'
Mally: Derisive term for an certain type of individual used at Newent School since at least the 1980s
Shag: Forest term for a friend = 'orwright shag?'
Loves it: Like it. As in 'I blimmin' loves it I do'.
Is it?: Common answer to all questions. As in 'Gloucester has a female Bishop'. Answer: 'Is it?'.
Nobber: Similar to Janner in Devon. To a stranger, an insult, but to someone you know very well, it's a matey term.
Sen: Shortened version of seen. As in 'you sen 'im down the shops?' (Gloucester people 'go down the shops' but 'go up town' even though it's a city).
Got any other Gloucestershire words?
WASHINGTON (AP) - New federal data show that black students continue to be expelled and suspended from school much more frequently than their white peers.
The report released by the Education Department on Tuesday is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Other experts say that imposing discipline restrictions on schools causes chaos in classrooms.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities.
Data shows that while black students represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-2016, they accounted for 25 percent of suspensions. Black girls made up 8 percent of all students and 14 percent of suspensions.
By
Back row left to right: Troopers Wolfe, Boroviak, Thompson and Hopkins. Front row left to right: Troopers Bray, Whiles, Dodson and Parmley.
Logan T. Wolfe, Manchester was one of the eight new Kentucky State Police troopers who have been assigned to Post 11, London. Wolfe has been assigned to Clay County.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
The Kentucky State Police Academy presented diplomas to 41 new Troopers at ceremonies held in Frankfort on Friday, August 11, 2017. Their addition to the force brings the agency's strength to a total of 866 troopers serving the citizens of the Commonwealth. The eight Troopers assigned to Post 11 are:
Shawn M. Boroviak, London
Keegan T. Bray, Somerset
Adam Cole Dodson, Monticello
Jordan P. Hopkins, London
Matthew Kyle Parmley, Monticello
Travis Lane Thompson, Somerset
Seath A. Whiles, Somerset
Logan T. Wolfe, Manchester
Troopers Boroviak, Wolfe, and Hopkins will be assigned to Clay County. Troopers Thompson, Dodson and Parmley will be assigned to Pulaski County. Trooper Whiles will be assigned to Rockcastle County. Trooper Bray will be assigned to McCreary County.
Assignments are made based on manpower and calls for assistance needs. The assignment of these additional Troopers increase KSP Post 11's strength to 60 serving the (7) counties of Clay, Laurel, Rockcastle, Whitley, Pulaski, McCreary and Wayne.
Bret Meuli, the principal at Canon City High School in Colorado, where more than 100 students at the high school were apparently exchanging nude pictures, calls up an app to show what students are using to hide photos on their cellphones, in Canon City, Colo., in November. Concerned by a practice he's said is becoming more prevalent in schools, a California lawmaker is carrying a bill that would let schools suspend or expel kids for so-called sexting – sharing explicit pictures and recordings via electronic message. Nick Cote The New York Times
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Colonial:
* SAYS REACHES 86.86 PERCENT OF AXIARE'S SHARE CAPITAL, SQUEEZE-OUT RIGHTS CANNOT BE EXERCISED Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
VERMILLION COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - When help calls out, every second matters.
Scroll for more content...
"Our tones drop and you're lucky if you get one person during the day," said Brent Bush, Fire Chief.
"If we can't get there in time, it could be devastating for that person and their family," said Nick Woodard, Asst. Chief.
It's a factor both Bush and Woodard know too well. Both worked for Dana and Hillsdale's Volunteer Fire Department.
Between the two, Woodard said they receive about 300 calls a year, 90 percent of them usually being EMS related.
Now, the job is a little bit easier. That's because Bush and Woodard work together for Helt Fire and Rescue.
Helt is part of a merge between the Dana and Hillsdale departments, which started a little more than a year ago. Bush said they've only been in transition for the new department for about two weeks.
"We know that when one tone drops now, we got two departments running for it," Bush said.
So how does this merge impact you?
Bush says nothing has changed except the response times. Help will arrive to people faster, and Woodard says EMS calls will cover more ground.
"Dana, when they would run EMS by themselves, covered roughly 72.18 square miles of the township pretty much by theirselves for EMS calls. They also covered a little bit of another township to the north of them," said Woodard, "So our area at Hillsdale is about 30 square miles roughly. So now that we're able to help that, that takes a little bit of relief off of Dana and puts more on us, and it actually works out better for the taxpayers."
Bush says the transition has been going smoothly, and the new department will still operate the same events both Dana and Hillsdale had when they were separate.
"We're still going to have the same fundraisers, but we're all going to work together having our fundraisers," Bush added, "and it's all about camaraderie."
Helt Fire and Rescue has about 35 members now, however, they are still in need of more volunteers.
"Not everybody is available every day of the week," Woodard said, "Fire and EMS, Rescue, we run 24/7. When the call comes out, we're there to respond. So the more people we can add, the better off everybody is."
If you're interested in volunteering, you can reach out to Helt Fire and Rescue on Facebook.
"We'll be more than happy to take on whoever wants to join," Woodard said.
April 24 (UPI) -- Guinness World Records told an Arkansas woman who put on and took off a wetsuit in under a minute that they created a new world record.
Lindsay Scott of Fayetteville said they received an email from Guinness this month congratulating them on creating a new world record for fastest time to put on and take off a scuba wetsuit.
"I had been hearing a little bit through the email from Guinness, and so I felt like it was coming because it takes a long time for them to start reviewing the applications because there's so many of them," Scott told the Times Record newspaper. "And so I've been waiting and waiting and I finally got a few emails from them the past couple of weeks asking for further evidence or for clarification, or just little nitpicky things, and so I thought, 'Well, okay, they started. I'm either going to get it or not get it.'"
Scott submitted evidence to the record-keeping organization after filming their official attempt on Nov. 5 in the HPER Building at the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville. They were aiming for 60 seconds, but their official time was an even faster 43.13 seconds.
They said Guinness' recognition fulfills one of their New Year's resolutions from 2017: to set a world record.
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) - A top adviser to Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, is proposing Iran resume its uranium enrichment in the wake of the U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal between world powers and Tehran.
Ali Akbar Velayati was quoted Wednesday by the semi-official Tasnim news agency as saying Iran is "capable to spin centrifuges for enrichment" to higher levels should it choose to do so.
Velayati says Iran should also accelerate production of nuclear propulsions and also research on advanced centrifuges. They claimed this wouldn't violate the nuclear deal which put limits on Iran's atomic program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions.
In the wake of President Donald Trump's decision to pull the United States out of the deal, several Iranian officials have indicated Tehran could resume its nuclear program.
Submitted by chucky on Tue, 06/13/2017 - 12:33.
(Photo Credit: ISTAF / Camera 4- Meeting director Martin Seeber with Lisa Mayer and Christoph Harting plus representatives of Bridgestone and the European Championships 2018, Julia Krönlein and Claus Frömming during the press conference in Berlin on Tuesday.) ISTAF presents a glittering array of stars including Renaud Lavillenie, Christoph Harting and Innovation for the Fans - Two great stars of track and field have confirmed that they will be competing in this year's ISTAF on August 27 in Berlin's Olympic Stadium: Renaud Lavillenie of France, world record holder in the pole vault, and Berlin's very own Olympic discus champion Christoph Harting will be aiming for honours in the most prestigious German athletics meeting of the year. The ISTAF organisers will also be providing an innovative feature for the fans with a stage constructed above one of the bends as the athletes run underneath, creating the effect of going through a tunnel.
The ISTAF meeting, which this year has added to its main sponsors with the arrival of the tyre manufacturer Bridgestone, has been consistently the biggest spectator attraction of any athletics meeting in the world and 27,000 tickets have already been sold for this year's event, the 76th edition and an IAAF World Challenge Meeting.
Two weeks after the World Championships in London, some 180 elite athletes from around the world will be expected in Berlin's Olympic Stadium, including the world record holder in the pole vault, Renaud Lavillenie of France and Berlin's Olympic discus champion Christoph Harting. "The fans can expect thrilling competition in what should be 16 events in track and field," said the meeting director Martin Seeber.
The 30-year-old Lavillenie holds the current world record in the pole vault with 6.16m. The 2012 Olympic champion produced the highlight of the ISTAF INDOOR meeting in 2015 when they cleared 6.02m, a world best for the year. "Renaud Lavillenie is one of the best athletes in the world and has a special rapport with the fans," said Martin Seeber.
Christoph Harting won Olympic gold in the discus in sensational style last year in Rio, following in the footsteps of their brother Robert, who triumphed in London in 2012. Christoph will be aiming to win for the first time at the ISTAF meeting, although they already achieved that distinction at ISTAF INDOOR in February. Poland's World Champion from 2015 Piotr Malachowski will be among their rivals while it remains to be seen whether their brother will be lining up against him. „It would be great if Robert would be in there as well. I look forward to these challenges,“ said Christoph Harting.
For the first time in seven years, spectators at ISTAF will be seeing a women's sprint relay including the high-flying German squad with Lisa Mayer, who sprang a surprise by winning the gold over 4 x 100m at the World Relays in Nassau in the Bahamas early in the year. "The women sprinters are part of the "New German Wave" in track and field. Their success gives a great reason to restore the sprint relay to the ISTAF programme," said Martin Seeber.
One year before the European Athletics Championships in Berlin's Olympic Stadium, ISTAF is ringing the changes with innovation for spectators: as the athletes set off on the first bend at the 400m start line, they will run through a tunnel, constructed with a tribune for fans above the famous blue track. It will be ten metres wide and 25 metres long, around four metres above the track, all done, as the ISTAF organisers say: "To bring athletes and fans closer together." Victory ceremonies are also planned to be staged on the tribune. The meeting director Martin Seeber explained: "We want to bring the stars of track and field right up close to the fans. We'd like to create an environment in our stadium where fans whatever their age can meet their idols, have autographs signed and take selfies with the Marathon Gate behind them." The top German sprinter Lisa Mayer thinks this innovation is a great idea: "A fan tribune and a tunnel - that's a really cool idea," said the 21-year-old.
The Events (Provisional Programme)
Men: 100 m, 800 m, 110 m hurdles, 5.000 m, Triple Jump, Shot Put, Pole Vault, Discus, Javelin.
Women: 100 m, 200 m, 100 m hurdles, 1500 m, 3,000 m Steeplechase, Long Jump, 4 x 100 m.
More information about the ISTAF and tickets is available at: www.istaf.de
Tropical forests all over the world are at risk. Two of the main threats are the deforestation for arable land and climate change. Scientists from the Technical University of Munich (TUM) and the Thünen-Institute compared the losses due to deforestation with those that would result in extreme climate change scenarios in Ecuador. Although global warming is likely to change the distribution of species, deforestation will result in the loss of more dry forests than predicted by climate change damage.
A large proportion of Ecuador's rare dry forests are located in the southwest of the country, in the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena region. These forests provide not only wood and non-wood products, but also important ecosystem services that regulate the water balance and protect the soil from erosion. However, the area suffers a high loss of habitat due to deforestation for more arable and pasture land. This exacerbates the negative effects of climate change, such as temperature increases.
In cooperation with scientists from the Thünen-Institut and the Ecuadorian Universidad Técnica Particular de Loja, a team from TUM compared the predicted loss of area of tree species caused by deforestation on the one hand and by predicted forest losses in an extreme climate change scenario on the other. We have evaluated 660 data sets on the occurrence of 17 characteristic species of dry forests in the south of Ecuador," explain first author Carlos Manchego and Patrick Hildebrandt from the Chair of Silviculture at TUM - "in order to estimate both potential threats, we have compared the forecast annual rates of losses. However, it is important that the results are not transferable to other tree species in other regions."
Losses from conversions in the period 2008 to 2014, especially for agricultural and pasture land, averaged 71 square kilometres per year for all species in the study area. The predicted loss of species area in the climate change scenario was only 21 square kilometres per year.
Recommendations for more effective forest protection and sustainable land use
One unexpected outcome was the different displacement directions of tree species due to climate change. While some species migrate to the north, other species find their future distribution focus more to the south. This leads to a trend towards mixing tree species with hitherto unknown effects on the functionality and stability of future forest communities," says Hildebrandt. "At the same time, grubbing-up starts in the higher altitudes, because it's easier to grow something like corn there."
According to Hildebrandt, it is important for efficient planning, the implementation of protective measures and sustainable land use to prioritise the measures according to such threats and weak points. A distinction must be made between the potential threats posed by climate change and deforestation. With the study "PLOS One" we wanted to provide a scientific frame of reference to identify the lesser evil and make targeted recommendations".
However, regardless of the conservation strategy, these objectives required the participation of both private landowners and local communities.
###
Publication:
Carlos E. Manchego, Patrick Hildebrandt, Jorge Cueva, Carlos Ivan Espinosa, Bernd Stimm, Sven Guenter: Climate change versus deforestation: Implications for tree species distribution in the dry forests of southern Ecuador, PLOSone 12/2017.
https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pone. 0190092
Contact:
Dr. Patrick Hildebrandt, PD Dr. Sven Günter
Technical University of Munich
Chair of Silviculture
Tel: 49-8161-714690
Mail: hildebrandt@tum.de
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tg Therapeutics Inc:
* TG THERAPEUTICS, INC. ANNOUNCES UPDATED RESULTS FROM THE ONGOING PHASE 2 STUDY OF UBLITUXIMAB (TG-1101) IN PATIENTS WITH MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS AT THE THIRD ANNUAL ACTRIMS FORUM 2018
* TG THERAPEUTICS INC - TG-1101 WAS WELL TOLERATED ACROSS ALL PATIENTS INCLUDING THOSE RECEIVING 1 HOUR INFUSIONS AT PHASE 3 DOSE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By raining down laser pulses on some 770 square miles of dense forest in northern Guatemala, archaeologists have discovered 60,000 Maya structures that make up full sprawling cities.
And the new technology provides them with an unprecedented view into how the ancient civilization worked, revealing almost industrial agricultural infrastructure and new insights into Maya warfare.
"This is a game changer," says Thomas Garrison, an archaeologist at Ithaca College who is one of the leaders of the project. It changes "the base level at which we do Maya archaeology."
The data reveals that the area was three or four times more densely populated than originally thought. "I mean, we're talking about millions of people, conservatively," says Garrison. "Probably more than 10 million people."
The researchers fired LiDAR technology, short for "Light Detection and Ranging," down at the dense forest from an airplane. This research was organized by the PACUNAM LiDAR Initiative, and Garrison says the area's size is "more than double any other survey that's been done with this technology."
"As it flies the laser pulses hundreds of thousands of times per second," Garrison adds. "And every time one of those lasers hits a point of resistance it stops and sends back a measurement to the plane."
Some of these pulses make it all the way down to the forest floor. The data is then used to visually strip away trees and plants, ultimately mapping only the structures that have been hidden by jungle. You can think of it as digital deforestation.
LiDAR allows scientists to accomplish years or even decades worth of mapping in a single afternoon. For example, Garrison says they were part of a team that worked for some eight years to map less than a square mile at a site called El Zotz. The plane using LiDAR took data for 67 square miles in a matter of hours.
"It's very humbling," says Garrison. "For those of us that spent our lives mapping and slogging around this area ... you just sort of have to bow before the LiDAR and accept the fact that it's better than you are."
The team surveyed 10 separate areas. It took months to process the data. As the picture became clearer, Garrison said they would send emails to their colleagues expressing surprise at the magnitude.
They recall seeing an initial image of one area in northern Guatemala. "I saw this image and I said, the whole area is covered in Maya settlement. You won't believe it," they add. "And then once we got the actual data and saw the whole scope of it. We said, 'Wow, we're going to be able to really do something with this.'"
Together, they are able to weave together a picture of individual city-states and their vast support network.
"Everything is amplified and made much clearer for us and we see how it all fits together in a way that we have not seen before," they say. "We're seeing it all laid bare, and saying, 'OK, this is how all of this was connected and came together.'"
Archeologists, for example, knew that the Maya had agricultural fields. But they say this data show "huge, huge expanses of these irrigated field systems in these low lying swamps."
And they knew that the Maya fought, often with each other, because defensive walls had been previously spotted. But this new information reveals "Maya fortresses and systems of interconnected watchtowers," raising the possibility of more sophisticated and large-scale warfare.
The civilization had a network of raised causeways stretching "many, many kilometers." They also were "channeling water for hundreds of meters or modifying hilltops so they become these impregnable areas."
The picture this paints, they say, is one that is to some extent more advanced than previously thought: "This is like landscape engineering. They have molded the world around them to serve their purposes and survive."
The most important Maya city, Tikal, was found to be three or four times larger than the scientists had thought, with a previously undiscovered pyramid in its center. And Garrison adds that they're not totally sure they've surveyed the entire extent of that city.
Suddenly having a broad view allows archaeologists to ask many new questions, they say. And there's plenty of forest to still explore — the study area is a fraction of the total area where the Maya lived.
