ATLANTA — A section of westbound Interstate 20 in Atlanta is closed after a section of the roadway bulged up from the ground and launched a motorcycle rider into the air Monday afternoon.
The DeKalb County Police initially said an underground gas leak caused the “defect” in the roadway in the southeast part of the city.
Fire officials later said crews were pumping concrete into old, abandoned gas lines under the freeway and there was some sort of malfunction that caused a build-up of air pressure. The air pressure eventually caused the ground under the roadway to surge upward.
HOV lane I20 WB buckled between Flat Shoals & Gresham. DOT on scene assessing damage. Avoid area pic.twitter.com/gLkv4eRzSB — DeKalb County Police (@DeKalbCountyPD) April 17, 2017
Officials with the DeKalb County Fire Rescue confirmed that the driver of a motorcycle hit the huge bump and was launched into the air. Officials say the motorcycle came to a stop about 200 feet from the bulge in the highway.
The motorcycle rider was hospitalized in critical condition after the crash, fire officials said.
DCFR & DOT units are onscene of a large buckle in the HOV lane @ I20 WB & Gresham Rd. https://t.co/9w72GFEB4F — DCFR Public Affairs (@DCFRpubaffairs) April 17, 2017
Officials said the buckled highway is causing a traffic “nightmare” for westbound travelers.
Just last month, Atlanta had another big problem on a different freeway.
A massive fire caused a section of Interstate 85 to collapse.
Crews said that section of highway would be closed for months during repairs.
July 4 (UPI) -- Two men pleaded no contest to involuntary manslaughter in the Ghost Ship warehouse fire in Oakland, Calif., that killed 36 people in 2016.
Derick Almena and Max Harris, the two founders of the facility, were arrested in June 2017 for allegedly allowing dangerous conditions in the building that led to the fire on Dec. 2, 2016. Most victims were attending a concert inside the warehouse on the second floor and couldn't evacuate the building via a makeshift staircase, which prosecutors called an "inadequate means of escape."
Almena, the Ghost Shiper master tenant, agreed to a nine-year prison sentence Tuesday. Max Harris, the artist collective's executive director, will receive a six-year sentence. They will be credited with time served and possibly good behavior.
Teresa Drenick, an assistant district attorney for the Alameda County District Attorney's Office, said the two men were expected to be sentenced on Aug. 9. If they hadn't taken a plea, thy could have been sentenced to more than 35 years in prison, Drenick said.
"They acted with reckless conduct, and that caused the death of 36 men and women," they said after the hearing. "With today's pleas, not only do both they take responsibility, but they are now also found guilty of all 36 counts."
Almena managed the residents, mostly artists seeking an affordable space in an area with high rent. Harris rented out the warehouse for the party and prepared the area for the event, court documents said.
Harris had "blocked off an area of the second floor that included a second stairwell, which effectively reduced the upstairs guests to a single point of escape," the documents said.
Almena collected "fence boards, shingles, window frames, wooden sculptures, tapestries, pianos, organs" and other "ramshackle pieces" that spread the fire, according to court documents.
Tony Serra, Almena's lawyer, said their client entered their plea as "a moral imperative to eliminate all of the drama and pain and suffering," according to The East Bay Times.
Harris' lawyer, Curtis Briggs, said: "The city of Oakland botched the entire situation."
Harris plans to assist families who are suing the city and other defendants in a civil case for its lack of inspections and bureaucratic ineptitude, their attorneys said.
About a dozen family members of the victims appeared the the hearing.
When asked if they thought justice was served, David Gregory, father of Michela, responded: "No, it's not enough." Their wife added, "Not at all."
‘Impolite science' at Cape Town Science Centre
The Cape Town Science Centre will be running a Grossology programme, uncovering the science behind all things slimy, oozy, stinky, creepy, crawly & scaly, this weekend from 27 April to 1 May 2018.
The new show, titled “Gums to Bums”, allowing audiences to visualise the human digestive process. Themed activities include making fake blood and scabs, extracting DNA from strawberries, cleaning a baby nappy and much more. Visitors can also dabble in making custom slime at the Slime Bar and, if they are brave enough, discover what's in the ‘Mystery Box'.
The in-house coffee shop is offering suitable fare on their Grossology menu for this weekend.
This weekend, visitors will not only be entertained but also educated with real science.
Advance bookings can be made on Webtickets, or tickets can be bought at the door.
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE, Wis. -- A Democrat running for governor of Wisconsin, who breastfed their daughter during in a campaign ad, is brushing aside criticism and said the response has been "overwhelmingly positive," according to WITI.
While shooting an ad about their work to ban a toxic chemical in baby bottles, Kelda Roys' 4-month-old daughter started to cry and their husband handed the baby to them
Roys consoled their daughter, then breastfed them as the camera crew kept shooting. In an interview with WITI, they said it was an unscripted moment.
"When the clip came back and it had the nursing in it, I said, 'You know, let's keep it in there. Why not?' Roys said. "People are ready for candidates they can relate to."
While Roys said men and women have responded positively to the ad, their campaign released a fundraising email to supporters that showed more negative comments on Facebook.
"Stay home with your baby and stay out of politics," said one person.
"Sick (expletive) exploiting their baby," wrote another.
Roys, who served two terms in the state Assembly, said such attacks are common for women in public service.
"You know what's funny? As a woman who has been in public life - I was the head of NARAL Pro-Choice Wisconsin and I was in the Assembly - I'm used to that kind of really disgusting, sexist language," said Roys.
The ad went online a day after a Marquette University Law School Poll showed 92 percent of voters didn't know much about Roys, putting them at the top of that category among nine democratic hopefuls for governor.
Roys also got zero percent support when democrats were asked who they would vote for in the primary, the worst of the nine candidates polled.
Roys said she's not concerned that the large number of candidates is making it difficult for any of their messages to get through to voters.
"Some candidates are probably not going to make to the ballot, and that's fine. There are candidates out there campaigning, traveling the state, raising money, reaching out the voters and there are other campaigns who are not, and that will become clear," said Roys.
All of those candidates are seeking the opportunity to face two-term incumbent Republican Gov. Scott Walker in the November election. The primary is in August.
43.038902 -87.906474
RUSSIAN President Vladimir Putin ordered the partial withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria during a surprise visit to the war-torn country.
Russia first intervened in the conflict in 2015, staging air strikes in support of its ally Damascus targeting both the Islamic State group and other jihadists as well as rebels fighting government troops.
“I order the defence minister and the chief of general staff to start withdrawing the Russian group of troops to their permanent bases,” Mr Putin said in a televised speech as they visited Russia's Hmeimim airbase in Syria.
Camera Icon Russia's President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with their Syrian counterpart Bashar al-Assad. Picture: AFP. Picture: AFP
“I have taken a decision: a significant part of the Russian troop contingent located in Syria is returning home to Russia.”
Mr Putin, who was welcomed by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, said the troops had helped the Syrian army crush the “most battle-ready group of international terrorists,” apparently referring to the Islamic State group.
“Our homeland thanks you, my friends,” Mr Putin said. “Have a safe trip. I thank you for your service.”
Mr Putin and Mr Assad were pictured smiling and shaking hands.
Camera Icon Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered the partial withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria during an unannounced visit. Picture: AFP. Picture: AFP
Mr Putin made the stopover at the base in Latakia province, a regime stronghold, on their way to Egypt where they arrived later on Monday.
Mr Putin said last month that efforts to end the war were entering a “new stage” as the focus shifted from military intervention to political reform.
More than 340,000 people have been killed since the conflict broke out in March 2011 with protests against Assad's rule that sparked a brutal crackdown
× First Reformed
When I left the screening for this movie, my wife asked me later how the movie was. I told them it was good, and wished they would've gone with me to see it. That was a month ago, and each day I've found myself thinking more and more about it. So much so, that I can't wait to see it again when it opens, and discuss its powerful themes with my wife; especially since I consider myself a non-practicing atheist.
This is a powerful character study of a religious man fighting their demons. It's never heavy-handed — whether it's tackling environmental or religious issues.
Ethan Hawke continues to do interesting work, and I applaud the choices they make. Many critics have said this is their best performance (they should probably see Before the Devil Knows You're Dead). Side note about critics: Every single one of them I glanced at on Rotten Tomatoes, has given away things about this movie. That's unnecessary to do when writing a review, and it baffles me how they probably don't even realize they're doing this.
I'm thrilled that the filmmakers weren't afraid to cast Cedric the Entertainer in a non-comedic role, in which he's perfect. This is an example of a comedian going against type that I'd like to see snag an Oscar nomination. Previous actors I said that about are Jim Carrey in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and George Carlin in The Prince of Tides, both movies that make my all-time great list. For some reason, it was only Robin Williams that could do serious roles and get the Oscar nominations and praise. So please Academy, give a nomination to Cedric, along with Ethan, for this movie.
I'm sure many critics will call this the best Paul Schrader (Raging Bull, Last Temptation of Christ) movie in years, but that doesn't mean much. Their last few movies were things like Dog Eat Dog with Nic Cage, and The Canyons, an erotic-thriller a few years back with Lindsay Lohan. The last movie they directed that I recall liking was Affliction (Nick Nolte, James Coburn) about 10 years ago. And even that was rather flawed.
Perhaps the only flaw, if you can call it that, that I found with this movie is that it reminded me so much of their Taxi Driver script.
Since this movie will be a bit low-key for some folks, I don't want to spoil a single thing. It's a lot more powerful when you slowly find out things about the various characters.
Reverend Toller (Ethan Hawke) runs the First Reformed Church, which is hundreds of years old. It has a rather small congregation, but folks often flock to it as a tourist attraction. Schools even take tours, as it was once used as part of the Underground Railroad. Toller has gone from being a military chaplain to working here. You're quickly informed of some of the reasons why.
We watch (and listen) as they write in a journal, and spends evenings drinking by himself.
We watch as they start to connect with Mary (Amanda Seyfried, in a terrific, subtle performance). They counsel them because of problems in their marriage. Them husband (Philip Ettinger) doesn't want them to bring a baby into a world that is being polluted and destroyed by various industries. Thankfully, the movie never gets too preachy (no pun intended).
There's a scene with the Reverend talking to the husband, and it reminded me a lot of the powerful scene in You Can Count On Me, when Laura Linney's character wants a minister they respect, to talk to their brother (Mark Ruffalo), who has recently returned from prison. The brother's not the least bit religious, but he's respectful and engages in the conversation. Sometimes a scene like that can be just as powerful as a man of the cloth talking to somebody and having it go south (as it did in Three Billboards last year).
In this movie, the dialogue is surprisingly interesting between these two. Especially since the younger guy seems to be persuading the Reverend that the Earth God created might be slowly being destroyed. And the Reverend believes they might be convincing this environmentalist that perhaps a baby can thrive in this world, even if some of the rivers are being polluted and the ozone layer might be toast.
This movie also has a second interesting female character. It's church member Esther (Victoria Hill), who has a crush on Reverend Toller.
Watching the Reverend become more disillusioned is fascinating. It was also fascinating to find out some of the small things I missed that this movie had included. One of those being reference to Linda J. Flarisee's novel “One Eye Open” (that deals with a preacher's wife dealing with depression).
Most times, I don't notice when filmmakers are doing things with the lighting and visuals. Unless a movie is made in black and white. Yet I noticed this movie seemed to have a lot of natural lighting, and it didn't have an obnoxious score that tried to help us along with our emotions. What little score there is is provided by Brian Williams.
Cinematographer Alexander Dynan deserves some of the credit for how nuanced this picture was shot. Perhaps the only thing I wished I would've seen more of is religious imagery. Sometimes, a perfectly edited shot to a visual of a cross or something in the church, can be rather powerful.
This is the movie the overrated Doubt (Meryl Streep, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Viola Davis) should've been. It's a terrific story about a man slowly losing their faith, and it's a rather sensitive piece of writing from Schrader. It's not always an easy film to watch, but it was never boring.
I'm going to see it a second time at the Angelika Film Center this weekend. I'm anticipating a debate with my wife on the ending of the movie.
4 stars out of 5.
Enter for your chance to win a pair of tickets to I Love the 90's at LA County Fair on September 1st!
The Secret Service has directed its agents protecting the White House to ban personal mobile devices in the West Wing, according to a memo obtained by MSNBC.
The memo, which was reportedly sent out by the Secret Service, was revealed by MSNBC's Rachel Maddow on their show Thursday evening, but the news outlet was not able to confirm the authenticity of the document with the White House or the Secret Service department, they said.
Secret Service personnel were notified this week that as of Monday there would be a “new restrictive policy” that would prohibit the use of mobile devices, cell phones, tablets and smartwatches within the entire West Wing.
“All personal devices will either be secured and provided lock boxes … or turned off completely prior to entering the West Wing,” the memo said, according to Maddow. There will be a “30-day management period” before policy takes affect and the new rules only apply to personal devices.
Starting Friday, the policy will also apply to tour groups, including pass holders and their guests, according to the memo.
There have been similar policies in place for secured meetings in the White House, MSNBC reported.
The memo follows news that Chief of Staff and former director of Homeland Security John Kelly's personal cell phone had been compromised potentially as early as December 2016, Politico reported Thursday.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening' game
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Iowa Lottery's "Pick 3 Evening" game were:
0-5-7
(zero, five, seven)
The official launch of the 2017 parading season has been marked with up to 4,600 people from across the British Isles taking part in the Apprentice Boys of Derry Easter parade in Ballynahinch.
Christopher Cunningham, secretary of the Belfast and District amalgamated committee, said some 45 feeder parades fed into the main Co Down event.
A feeder parade passes St Patricks Catholic Church in Donegall Street, Belfast
The morning feeder parades, hosted by various local amalgamated committees, took place right across Northern Ireland, they said.
Then a religious service took place in Ballynahinch at noon, ahead of the single unified parade in the town, beginning at 12.30pm.
Up to 3,000 members of the Apprentice Boys took part in the event with the rest of the 4,600 participants made up of over 140 marching bands.
In addition, the town was thronged with crowds of spectators who massed to enjoy the spectacle of music and colour.
Members of the Ligoniel Walker Club pass the Ardoyne shops on the Crumlin Road in north Belfast
The procession was so long that it took around an hour to pass any given point of the route around the town.
Starting at Ballynahinch football ground the parade began at 12.30pm and wound its way through the town until 3.30pm without stopping, concluding at Lisburn Street where the governor of the association, James Brownlee, took the salute from members.
The parade was an “incredible” family day out, organisers said.
Mr Cunningham could not have been happier.
It took an hour for the Ballynahinch parade to pass any single point in the town
“There was a fantastic turnout, Ballynahinch was absolutely packed to capacity,” they said. “It was a great family day, the atmosphere was brilliant with no trouble of any kind.”
Past president Cyril Jones took part in the feeder parade which passed by the News Letter office in Belfast mid-morning.
“We were more than pleased, more than expected turned out, about 350 participants including bands,” they said of the Belfast feeder parade.
Crowds turned out at York Street and Peter's Hill in the city to cheer the parade on, they said.
There were 140 bands taking part in the Ballynahinch parade
But the event at Ballynahinch – where feeder parades from across Northern Ireland converged in the afternoon – was “incredible”.
“The number of people parading and at the side of the roads was so great you could not really make an estimate of how many there were,” they said.
“You could not get moving. It was a really good day, including the weather.”
One Apprentice Boy who was running late said that the crowds were so great in the town that they abandoned any hope of taking part after waiting in traffic for 45 minutes.
Although the parade officially began at 12.30pm it took around an hour for all local encampments to move out of the starting field, at Ballynahinch United FC.
They had been hoping to join their local group at the tail end of the parade but the crowds and traffic were so intense they realised it was not going to be possible to enter the town.
Mr Cunningham added: “Apprentice Boys travelled from association encampments based in Scotland, England, the Republic of Ireland and the six counties of Ulster.
“We gather to remember the Siege of Derry, when 13 Apprentice Boys closed the gates in 1688, and we gather as Protestant Christians in a peaceful and dignified manner.”
The association not only launched the parading season for the loyal orders on Monday but also closes the season with its parade in Londonderry at the start of December.
In December last year hundreds of Apprentice Boys marched peacefully through the streets of the Maiden City to commemorate the anniversary of the shutting of the gates.
LOS ANGELES -- A pair of pitchers intent on a rebound will meet head-to-head on Tuesday when the Los Angeles Dodgers play host to the Miami Marlins.
Marlins left-hander Dillon Peters will take the mound after not getting out of the fifth inning on Thursday at Milwaukee. They gave up four runs on three hits, but their five walks were the most troubling of all. It was the first of four consecutive defeats for the Marlins against the Brewers.
Also looking for a little traction will be Dodgers starter Kenta Maeda, who gave up four runs on eight hits over 5 2/3 innings at San Diego last week, although they did have 10 strikeouts as the Dodgers offense keyed the victory.
In their last two starts, Maeda has given up a combined nine runs, although three of them were unearned. Maeda has also walked four and hit a batter over their last two outings.
Not a whole lot has gone right lately for the Marlins, who were outscored 30-10 in the four-game series this past weekend against the Brewers. They delivered a well-played game against the Dodgers in the series opener on Monday, but the same fate met them in a 2-1 defeat.
Miami has now lost eight of its last nine games and 11 of 13, while anxiously awaiting the return of injured players like third baseman Martin Prado (knee), infielder JT Riddle (shoulder) and right-hander Dan Straily (forearm). Those players will all participate in minor league rehab games this week.
"We have some good things happening," Mattingly said before Monday's series opener in Los Angeles. "Some of it is behind the scenes, some of it is subtle, but there are definitely good things happening."
The Dodgers appear to be getting on track after their usual slow start under manager Dave Roberts. The club was hovering around .500 at the start of May in each of the last two seasons under Roberts, and at 11-10 after Monday's victory, this season looks no different.
The Dodgers are now above .500 for the first time this season, getting there by winning seven of their last eight. There was a sweep of the Padres in that run, as well as a series victory over the Washington Nationals. Before the Dodgers got back on track, they were just 4-9 to open the season.
Yasmani Grandal's 11-game hitting streak for the Dodgers came to an end on Monday, but chad three hits, including a home run, making a case for more playing time.
Jarlin Garcia pitched well for the Marlins on Monday, giving up a run on four hits over six innings, while giving a fellow lefty in Peters a blueprint on how to handle the Dodgers.
J.T. Realmuto had two hits Monday for the Marlins and is now 24-for-60 (.400) in their career against the Dodgers, with nine runs, two doubles, two home runs and five RBIs. They have three multi-hit games in just five contests this season.
Given all the changes with the Linux 4.10 kernel, including a fair amount of work on file-systems and block / I/O code, here are some fresh benchmarks of the EXT4, F2FS, Btrfs, and XFS file-systems atop a solid-state drive when comparing the early post-RC1 Linux 4.10 kernel benchmarks to that of the 4.6/4.7/4.8/4.9 stable kernels.
For those curious about file-system performance expectations for Linux 4.10 after reading our feature overview or after seeing our recent 4.6/4.7/4.8/4.9 kernel comparison with EXT4/F2FS/Btrfs/XFS, here are fresh results with the Linux 4.10 Git code as of 28 December. All tests were done on the same Intel Core i7 6800K system with Ubuntu 16.10 x86_64. Each file-system was tested on a Toshiba TR150 SATA 3.0 SSD.
All of these Linux file-system benchmarks were done in a fully-automated and reproducible manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. Each file-system was cleanly formatted for the drive and tested with the default mount options.
The Citrus College men's basketball team won its eighth straight game, defeating Los Angeles Pierce College on the road, 91-75.
The Owls have averaged 86.4 points per game during the winning streak.
No. 2 ranked Citrus made quick work of three-win L.A. Pierce, jumping out to a 50-35 first-half lead.
Citrus sophomore guard Miles Crawford made four three-pointers in the first half off the bench and led all scorers at the break with 15 points. Crawford finished the game with 19 points.
Sophomore guard Jeremy Smith had another productive game for the Owls, scoring 19 points on 8-for-10 shooting and collecting six assists.
The Owls, as a team, had six players score in double figures.
L.A. Pierce sophomore guard Jordan Newt scored 26 points, including 12 points from long range, but the Brahmas could not keep pace with the Owls' high-octane offense.
Citrus improved to 11-2 with the win.
The Owls will travel to face Cypress College at 6 p.m. Dec. 14 before facing L.A. Pierce again in the Compton Tartar Classic at 2:30 p.m. Dec. 18.
Sequels are a plague, but sometimes you have to do things more than once (eight times, say) before you get them right. Fast & Furious 8, also known as The Fate of the Furious, is the pinnacle of this long-running franchise, working mostly in the bigger-better-faster mode of the last four instalments but kicking off with a street race – to evoke the petrolhead vibe of the now-17-year-old original – and ending with an improbably touching reference to Brian, the character associated with the late Paul Walker, whose name and (why not?) their spirit now gets transferred to Dominic Toretto's pride and joy, their baby son.
Dom themselves (played, of course, by Vin Diesel) is a kind of bald-headed Pollyanna, spreading joy and making everyone feel good about themselves. “This is the Cuban spirit!” they declare approvingly to a Cuban (our story begins in Havana), and the Cuban beams. Another, less amiable Cuban has a beef with Dom's friend, and Dom intervenes; a brawl seems likely, but instead our hero challenges the man to a street race – he's a racer, not a fighter – which they win in a thrilling finish, albeit with their souped-up car in flames. You have earned my car, says the tough-but-fair Cuban, handing over their keys, and you have earned my respect – but Dom, bless their heart, hands the keys back, a magnanimous smile lighting up their face beneath that bald dome. “Keep your car. Your respect is good enough for me.” What a guy. What a guy.
All this is before we even get to the opening title – but that glimpse of Dom the nice guy and peacemaker is necessary because most of the film finds them in the opposite camp, ranged against their Fast & Furious comrades. “I saw that look in their eyes, I've seen that look before,” Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) tells the others: “Dominic Toretto just went rogue!” It's like in Spider-Man 3 when Spider-Man turned into Evil Spider-Man – and in fact the analogy is apt, because F&F has been Marvel-ised (or DC-ised, if you want to be pedantic). It's not just Dom going bad; there's also a supervillain bent on world domination, namely Cipher (Charlize Theron) whose dark plan – making the world's nuclear powers accountable to them – recalls Apocalypse in X-Men: Apocalypse. More hilariously, Cipher knows about Dom's obsession with “family” (don't we all?) and argues convincingly that it's just “a biological lie”, a Stone Age remnant with no place in the modern world. Lone wolf, digital spy, hacker extraordinaire, Cipher is 21st-century life at its most alarming.
The film feels up-to-the-minute in other ways too: the best action sequence in a movie that teems with them comes when Cipher declares “zombie time”, hacking into cars and turning them into weapons – a real-life concern as the future looks increasingly driverless. Cars move in packs like a street gang, muscling other cars out of the way, then take suicide leaps from a fourth-floor car park; later there's a similar scene, with Cipher using a nuclear submarine – not the nukes, but the sub itself – to crash into people (echoing both 9/11 and the recent spate of urban lorry attacks). The action is consistently clean and exhilarating, the credit going mostly to ace stunt co-ordinator Spiro Razatos, though it works dramatically as well: a massive explosion at the climax – following Dom's unhappy exile, and emotional return to the fold – is downright cathartic.
Some may miss the gritty feel of The Fast and the Furious, but in fact the franchise has gained by expanding. Everyone gets their time in the sun here, even Michelle Rodriguez as the rather perfunctory romantic interest (“I know one thing: you love me!” they tell Dom, calling them back from the darkness, and they look stricken). Johnson and Jason Statham – completing the central trio of loveable slapheads – banter delectably, dissing each other as “twinkletoes” and a “tea-and-crumpets-eating sumbitch” respectively. Tyrese Gibson as Roman is vexed by the fact that the rest of the crew have made Interpol's 10 Most Wanted, whereas he's at No. 11. Helen Mirren turns up with a bad cockney accent. Statham fits the baby with giant earphones, pumping in soothing baby music to disguise the sound of gunfire. “All right, little man,” they sigh, picking up the infant like Chow Yun-Fat in Hard Boiled: “This is going to be a little scary – but it's going to be a lot of fun!”.
Fast & Furious 8 strikes me as the best globe-trotting, $150 million blockbuster in ages, blending James Bond, comic-book movie, comedy and heart with some bone-crunching fights and the spectacle of cars being abused. (Nor is the petrolhead vibe gone completely, see e.g. Roman's “I'm in love!” at the sight of a neon-orange Lamborghini.) Above all, it's a film where the actors seem to enjoy each other's company – and a vibe like that is lightning in a bottle, hard to fake or repeat ad infinitum. Vin Diesel will be 50 in July, and is already close to self-parody; a further sequel would only dilute the formula. It's taken eight tries, but Fast & Furious finally seems to have got it right. Let's leave it here, I reckon.
DIRECTED BY F. Gary Gray
STARRING Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham, Charlize Theron
US 2017 136 mins.
NEW YORK Italian novelist Elena Ferrante's best-selling novel "My Brilliant Friend" is headed to television as an eight-part series, U.S. cable channel HBO and Italy's RAI television said on Thursday.
The novel, about two women's volatile childhood friendship and set in Naples in the 1950s, will be adapted by Ferrante and filmed in Italian, the two TV companies said in a statement.
No casting was announced for the principal roles of ambitious Elena Greco and their enigmatic friend Lila. Italian Saverio Costanzo will direct and production is expected to start this summer.
"My Brilliant Friend" is the first of four novels by Ferrante about the lives of the two characters amid the changing face of Italy through five decades.
HBO's president of programming, Casey Bloys, said the series would explore "the complicated intensity of female friendship."
"Through (Ferrante's) characters, Elena and Lila, we will witness a lifelong friendship set against the seductive social web of Naples, Italy," Bloys said.
The four Neapolitan Novels have become best-sellers in the United States and much of Europe, fueling intense speculation about the real identity of the author, who uses Ferrante as a pseudonym.
Despite various claims to have identified the person behind the name, Ferrante's Italian publishers have always denied them.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Dan Grebler)
A cold, windy night started the high school football playoffs in South Dakota. Here are the teams that have moved one step closer to Vermillion.
Class 11AAA
Class 11AAA went as expected with results, but there were a couple of chances for an upset bid. Sioux Falls Washington rolled over Rapid City Central, while Brandon Valley beat Rapid City Stevens. O'Gorman managed to score the game deciding touchdown with a minute left to beat Aberdeen Central, while Roosevelt stormed back in the second half after trailing 9-7 to beat Watertown.
Washington 56, Rapid City Central 24
O'Gorman 21, Aberdeen Central 14
Brandon Valley 35, Rapid City Stevens 17
Roosevelt 30, Watertown 16
Semifinals, November 3rd
(4) Sioux Falls O'Gorman @ (1) Sioux Falls Washington - 4:00
(3) Brandon Valley @ (2) Sioux Falls Roosevelt - 7:30
Class 11AA
Class 11AA is completed outside of one game. Yankton and Douglas will meet on Friday night (Oct. 27) to determine who gets to face Pierre. The Govs beat Brookings 35-14. Mitchell had no issues with Sturgis, and Harrisburg won another edition of the "Tiger Bowl" as they defeated Huron.
Pierre, 35, Brookings 14
Mitchell 41, Sturgis Brown 12
Harrisburg 27, Huron 8
Yankton/Douglas - Playing October 27, 7:00 CT
Semifinals, November 3rd
Yankton/Douglas @ (1) Pierre
(3) Harrisburg @ (2) Mitchell - 7:00
Class 11A
A couple of teams that were in lower seeds ended up winning on Thursday night. 6th seed St. Thomas More defeated Dell Rapids 21-20, while 5th seed Milbank also advanced with a 55-0 win over Todd County. The top two seeds Madison and Dakota Valley had shutout victories to advance to the semifinals.
Madison 43, Tea Area 0
Milbank 55, Todd County 0
Dakota Valley 58, Pine Ridge 0
St. Thomas More 21, Dell Rapids 20
Semifinals, November 3rd
(5) Milbank @ (1) Madison - 7:00
(6) St. Thomas More @ (2) Dakota Valley - 6:00
Class 11B
Sioux Falls Christian has moved on after a dominated win over Groton Area on Thursday night. They will host Woonsocket/Wessington Springs/Sanborn Central next week after the Blackhawks took care of Red Cloud. Sioux Valley remains the team to beat in the class as they have moved on and will be set with a Week 8 rematch with Bridgewater-Emery/Ethan.
Sioux Valley 46, Aberdeen Roncalli 0
Bridgewater-Emery/Ethan 18, Winner 8
SF Christian 48, Groton Area 14
Woonsocket/Wessington Springs/Sanborn Central 60, Red Cloud 6
Semifinals, November 3rd
(5) Bridgewater-Emery/Ethan @ (1) Sioux Valley
(3) Woonsocket/Wessington Springs/Sanborn Central @ (2) Sioux Falls Christian - 7:00
9-Man Semifinal Rounds - All games played on Friday, November 3rd:
9AA
(4) Miller/Highmore-Harrold @ (1) Gregory
(7) Kimball/White Lake @ (3) Irene-Wakonda
9A
(4) Howard @ (1) Corsica-Stickney - 7:00
(3) Britton-Hecla @ (2) Warner - 7:00
9B
Refugee activists will hold a vigil outside the Federal Immigration Minister Peter Dutton's office north of Brisbane on Thursday to express their outrage over the death of man on Manus Island last week.
The 52-year-old man, Salim, died after jumping from a moving car on the island following five years in custody at the facility.
Noor Zaman, president of the Queensland Rohingya Community, said Salim had been brought to Australia in 2014 for treatment for severe epilepsy but they were returned to the island soon after without the condition being brought under control, and they suffered frequent seizures.
"Salim's death was not suicide, it was murder under the leadership of Peter Dutton and Malcolm Turnbull," Mr Zaman said.
 They are the seventh Rohingya refugee to die on the island and the third apparent suicide at the centre in less than a year.
Mark Gillespie from the Refugee Action Collective said Mr Dutton and the federal government needed to take responsibility.
"Salim fled genocide in Myanmar and was found to be a refugee and owed protection, but instead of safety they were condemned to five years of hell in an offshore detention centre."
Readers seeking support and information about suicide prevention can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 or Suicide Call Back Service on 1300 659 467, or Mental Health in Multicultural Australia www.mhima.org.au.
President Donald Trump declined on Friday to explain what they meant when they described a gathering of military leaders as “the calm before the storm,” but the White House said they were not just being mischievous when they made the remark.
Pressed about what they meant by Thursday's comment, the US leader declined to elaborate, telling reporters only that, “You'll find out.” White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders also declined to say what Trump meant.
When asked whether Trump was just being mischievous, Sanders denied they were just “messing with the press.”
“I think we have some serious world issues here. I think that North Korea, Iran both continue to be bad actors and the president is somebody who's going to always look for ways to protect Americans,” Sanders said.
Leon Panetta, a former Defense secretary and CIA director, said Trump's remarks would be something “you'd really worry about” under a previous US president. But they said Trump's comments appeared to follow a pattern he'd established on Twitter.
“You begin to assume that it's more about getting attention than it is about proclaiming some kind of national policy. I don't think it's responsible…but I think in this instance we probably all should take a deep breath and try to assume he's just making a play for attention,” Panetta told CNN.
“There is no indication that there is a strategy or a policy behind that statement,” they added.
Trump made the “calm before the storm” comment during a photo opportunity before having dinner with US military leaders and their wives. The dinner followed a meeting in which Trump and the military leaders discussed Iran, North Korea, Afghanistan and the fight against Islamic State.
The president also appeared to criticize the military leaders on Thursday for moving too slowly to provide them advice.
“Moving forward, I also expect you to provide me with a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace. I know that government bureaucracy is slow, but I am depending on you to overcome the obstacles of bureaucracy,” they said.
Asked if Trump felt like military leaders were deliberately being slow to advise him, Sanders said, “Not at all.”
“As you know, he's a person who like to take action and take it quickly,” they said. “He wants options on the table so that they can make quick decision.”
Peter Bruyninckx of the Flemish Traffic Centre told VRT News that "There were crashes at several locations over a distance of 1 kilometre. Initial reports point to 28 cars and 2 heavy goods vehicles being involved”.
The VRT's traffic reporter Hajo Beeckman says that several people have been injured, but it is not clear how many. The emergency services are attending the scene in numbers.
The string of accidents is said to have been caused by heavy rain followed by bright sunshine. The reflection of the sun on the rain that had fallen onto the road surface served to blind drivers.
Drivers are advised to avoid the Brussels-bound E40. Those wishing to travel from Bruges (West Flanders) of the coast to Brussels are advised to do so via Kortrijk (West Flanders). There are also delays on the coast-bound E40 as driver slow down to look at the accidents.
April 5 Corbus Pharmaceuticals said on Wednesday that the U.S. health regulator only requires one positive pivotal late-stage study to support a marketing application for its lead experimental therapy as a treatment for scleroderma.
The drug, anabasum, which is designed to bind to the CB2 receptor found on immune cells, aims to mimic a natural process to "turn off" chronic inflammation and scarring, without causing immuno-suppression. It is being evaluated for use in many inflammatory conditions, including cystic fibrosis and lupus.
The 270-patient late-stage scleroderma study is expected to begin in the fourth quarter, with data expected in 2019, Corbus said, adding that it was also engaging in similar discussions with the European regulator. (Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
BENGALURU (Reuters) - Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice.
FUNDAMENTALS
* Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT.
* U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce.
* Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesday, its weakest since May 26 after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the second time in three months.
* U.S. stock futures dipped and Asian shares were on the defensive on Thursday with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipping 0.3 percent. [MKTS/GLOB]
* Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice, the Washington Post reported on Wednesday, citing unidentified officials.
* The Fed raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
* However, U.S. consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May and retail sales recorded their biggest drop in 16 months, suggesting a softening in domestic demand that could limit the Fed's ability to continue raising interest rates this year.
* Wall Street's top banks brought forward their expectations for when they think the Fed will begin reducing its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio to as early September, and see balance sheet reduction as more of a priority than another interest rate rise, a Reuters poll showed.
* British Prime Minister Theresa May edged closer to clinching a deal to stay in power with the support of Northern Irish kingmakers on Wednesday, but faced a battle over Brexit just days before divorce talks are due to begin.
* CME raised palladium futures NYMEX (PA) initial margins for speculators by 12.5 percent to $4,950 per contract from $4,400, effective after close of business on Thursday.
* Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 1.40 percent to 854.87 tonnes on Wednesday. [GOL/ETF]
(Reporting by Nithin Prasad in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin)
An investigational drug in clinical trials for rheumatoid arthritis prevents a common, life-threatening side effect of stem cell transplants, new research from Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis shows. Studying mice, the researchers found the drug prevented what's known as graft-versus-host disease, a debilitating, sometimes lethal condition that develops when transplanted stem cells attack the body's own organs or tissues.
About half of patients receiving donor stem cells develop graft-versus-host disease, which can linger for months or years after their transplants. In some cases, patients die not from their cancer but from the complication itself. Current treatments are not effective.
The study is online in the journal Leukemia.
In past work, this research team defined the role of molecules called JAK1/2 kinases and their signaling pathways in immune cell activation and graft-vs-host disease. In the new study, these same researchers evaluated ruxolitinib and baricitinib, and found baricitinib to be the superior of the two drugs in reducing and preventing graft-versus-host-disease in mice. Both drugs belong to a class of pharmaceuticals called JAK inhibitors that are known for dialing down inflammation.
"Transplanted donor stem cells -- and more specifically, the T cells in the donor stem cell product -- are particularly good at fighting off leukemia, but these cells can go haywire, unfortunately, and attack the patient's healthy tissues, causing graft-versus-host disease," said senior author John F. DiPersio, MD, PhD, the Virginia E. and Sam J. Golman Professor of Medicine in Oncology. "The typical ways we can reduce the effects of the disease also tend to weaken the T cells' ability to attack the cancer. We're looking for a treatment strategy that stops the disease without shutting down T cells' assault on the cancer."
Surprisingly, baricitinib did more than shut down graft-versus-host disease. It actually boosted the ability of the donor T cells to fight the cancer.
"We don't know yet exactly how this happens, but we're working to understand it," said first author Jaebok Choi, PhD, an assistant professor of medicine. "We think at least part of the explanation is the drug strips the leukemia cells of their immune defenses, making them more vulnerable to attack by the donor T cells. At the same time, the drug also stops the donor T cells from being able to make their way to important healthy tissues, such as the skin, liver and gastrointestinal tract, where they often do the most damage."
In other words, the drug appears to stop graft-versus-host disease by simply keeping the donor T cells circulating in the bloodstream, away from vital organs. Simultaneously, the drug makes the leukemia cells more vulnerable to immune attack from the donor T cells, which are now mostly confined to the bloodstream, where the cancer is.
The drug also appeared to boost levels of specific immune cells that put the brakes on a runaway immune response that can make graft-versus-host disease worse. These apparently independent effects are specific to baricitinib and may explain why other JAK inhibitors did not work as well, according to DiPersio, who is also deputy director of Siteman Cancer Center at Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University School of Medicine.
The researchers emphasized the finding that the drug not only prevented graft-versus-host disease from developing in the mice but reversed established disease, suggesting possible options for patients already affected by it.
"We were surprised to achieve 100 percent survival of mice with the most severe model of graft-versus-host disease," Choi said. "We are now studying the multi-pronged ways this drug behaves in an effort to develop an even better version for eventual use in clinical trials."
Because of the drug's broad effectiveness in preventing inflammatory disorders, DiPersio said they and their colleagues are beginning to explore whether it could be used to prevent organ rejection in patients undergoing solid organ transplantation. Such a strategy might reduce the need to give these patients powerful immune-suppressing drugs that increase the risk of infection.
###
Representative Blake Farenthold Says Their Office Faced Two More Sexual Harassment Complaints Last Year: Your Texas Roundup
Plus: A Houston Texans quarterback suffers a disturbing injury, George P. Bush has some competition for Land Commissioner, and UT Austin has a new athletics director.
Press spacebar to see more share options.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
“F*ck the refs.”
—Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence to reporters following Sunday's game, according to WFAA. Lawrence complained about supposedly not getting any holding calls going in the Cowboys' way in the past five games. They do have a point—according to WFAA, Cowboys opponents have been flagged for holding just ten times so far this season.
BIG NEWS
Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call
More Allegations
U.S. Representative Blake Farenthold admitted over the weekend that their office faced allegations of sexual harassment from two more women last year, after it was revealed a week earlier that they had used $84,000 in taxpayer funds to settle similar claims from a former communications director in their office in 2015. Another former spokesperson, Elizabeth Peace, who left Farenthold's office last March, told the Houston Chronicle that the Corpus Christi Republican generally made inappropriate comments and “allowed us to work in a place that was just emotionally damaging, and that should never be allowed in any office.” Farenthold's office confirmed to the Chronicle that two women complained separately to the member of congress sometime in 2016 about allegedly discriminatory treatment, including from Farenthold's chief of staff Bob Haueter. Farenthold's office told the Chronicle that the first woman—who was later confirmed by the newspaper to be Peace—brought forward their complaint of inappropriate behavior and gender-based treatment, alleging Haueter treated them “differently.” The second woman came forward to report that the first woman had themselves engaged in “inappropriate sexualized commentary in the workplace.” That second woman would not comment to the Chronicle and their identity was not revealed by the newspaper. Farenthold said they brought in an “independent investigative team” to look into the complaints, and Farenthold's current spokesperson told the Chronicle that “the investigation resulted in the first complaining employee admitting that their problem with Mr. Haueter was based on a personality conflict, and not any gender bias,” and “with regard to the second complaint, the investigators did not find corroboration of the alleged sexualized comments attributed to the complaining employee.” Farenthold's office also told the Chronicle that the member of congress and their entire congressional staff underwent sensitivity and sexual harassment training after the two complaints.
MEANWHILE, IN TEXAS
Head Games
Immediately after they took a crushing hit from a 49ers linebacker on Sunday, Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage stayed on the turf, their hands twitching and arms stuck above their waist, as though they were having a seizure. Savage got up after a few seconds, clearly dazed, and was then put back into the game by the Texans for one series before they were taken back to the locker room and out of the game for good. Amid a national conversation questioning the NFL's safety protocol for players, particularly after taking blows to the head, there was some confusion as to why Savage was allowed to return to the game after the disturbing play. “Disgusted that the Houston Texans allowed Tom Savage to return to the game after 2 plays after showing these horrifying concussion signs (is that a seizure?) after a head impact,” tweeted Chris Nowinski, the founding CEO of the Concussion Legacy Foundation and co-director of Boston University's Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy. “I would not let my worst enemy go through the 2017 NFL sideline concussion protocol.” The Texans denied unconfirmed reports that Savage had a seizure and said the quarterback went through proper testing for a concussion before they put them back in the game, according to the Houston Chronicle.
Old Friend
George P. Bush will face some experienced competition for their job as Land Commissioner. Former Texas Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson has decided to challenge Bush in next year's Republican primary, and is expected to announce their candidacy Monday. Bush succeeded Patterson after they gave up their seat to run unsuccessfully for Lieutenant Governor. Patterson served as land commissioner from 2003 to 2015 and served as a state senator in the 1990s. He's already thrown some shade at Bush, recently penning an editorial criticizing the land office's response to Hurricane Harvey this year compared to its response to Ike, when Patterson was at the helm. “Harvey victims still living in tents along the coast are, at least in part, victims of a politician's desire to look good for the next election by being a ‘small government Republican,'” Patterson wrote, according to the Texas Tribune. Bush, who was elected land commissioner in 2014, is also facing a Democratic challenger, Austin energy attorney Miguel Suazo, who announced their candidacy last week.
In-State Switch
The University of Texas at Austin has a new director of athletics. Chris Del Conte will be the new vice president for intercollegiate at the university, according to the Austin American-Statesman. The Longhorns stole Del Conte away from their in-state rivals, TCU, where Del Conte helped a small college's athletics program become extremely successful in big-time college sports. Seventeen of TCU's twenty-one sports have reached NCAA postseason play under Del Conte. The football team has been particularly strong, winning the Rose Bowl in 2011 and finishing second in the Associated Press Top 25 poll that year. Five TCU coaches won national coach of the year honors, and the football, baseball, and men's tennis teams won Big 12 titles. Del Conte helped bring the school into the Big 12 too. “I felt it was the ultimate opportunity, the challenge of the job and the legacy of the organization at the University of Texas and what it can be,” Del Conte told the Statesman. “I was so impressed with President Fenves and their vision of what Texas is and can be.”
WHAT WE'RE READING
Some links are paywalled or subscription-only.
A 77-year-old woman says they were raped by their Dallas Uber driver Dallas Morning News
The Astros might not be the 2018 favorites in the American League any more Houston Chronicle
A former South Texas priest was sentenced to life in prison after they were finally found guilty of a 1960 murder McAllen Monitor
Video shows Texas State Troopers making routine traffic stops that lead to deportations The Intercept
An interview with Wendy Davis Fort Worth Star-Telegram
MILAN Italian football team Juventus said it had extended a contract with Argentinian striker Paulo Dybala until June 30, 2022 and would pay rival Palermo an 8 million euro performance bonuses.
The announcement comes after 23-year-old Dybala upstaged their fellow Argentine Lionel Messi by scoring twice in a Champions League match on Tuesday to set Juventus on the way to an emphatic 3-0 win over Barcelona.
(Reporting by Valentina Za)
April 24 (UPI) -- Crude oil prices were searching for direction in early Tuesday trading as geopolitical risk tugged against potential risks on the demand side.
The price of oil swung between a loss of more than 1 percent to a gain of more than 1 percent in trading Monday after the U.S. government eased sanctions on a Russian aluminum producer. Attention shifted to geopolitical issues by late in the day, including the conflict in Yemen and concerns about the fate of the Iranian nuclear deal.
With a track record of opposition to Tehran, CIA Director Mike Pompeo got last-minute support to become the next U.S. secretary of state late Monday afternoon. In a research note, advisors at French financial services company Société Générale said geopolitical issues like Iran put the sentiment for crude oil clearly in bullish territory.
"While oil reacts to geopolitical headlines with more vim and vigor the real reason that this market is more sensitive to these headlines is because global oil supply is tightening," Phil Flynn, the senior market analyst for the PRICE Futures Group in Chicago, said in market commentary emailed to UPI.
A survey of analysts from commodity pricing group S&P Global Platts revealed expectations of a drain on U.S. crude oil stocks of 1.1 million barrels. Gasoline inventories are expected to decline by 500,000 barrels. Federal data are published Wednesday.
Crude oil prices were more or less flat ahead of the opening bell in New York. The price for Brent crude oil was up 0.08 percent as of 9:17 a.m. EDT to $74.77 per barrel. West Texas Intermediate, the U.S. benchmark for the price of oil, was up 0.04 percent to $68.67 per barrel.
Traders may be taking a wait-and-see approach as French President Emmanuel Macron is expected to try to convince U.S. President Donald to stay in the Iranian nuclear deal during talks Tuesday in Washington.
Elsewhere, trade tensions are still on the radar between the United States and China, tensions the International Monetary Fund said could stifle growth. On Tuesday, China published an assessment of the human rights record in the United States, finding "severe flaws in the American-style democracy."
Platts, meanwhile, found that by looking at the inventory levels alone, there was clear support for more gains in the price of oil. Most of the surplus by now has been wiped out, though those same bullish trends mean everyday consumers may be facing tough choices in response to higher gasoline prices.
"The bigger issue moving forward is what impact, if any, might the higher oil prices have on demand?" Oil Futures Editor Geoffrey Craig said in the emailed market report.
© AP Photo/ Emrah Gurel Four Potential Daesh Terrorists Arrive in Germany From Iraq's Mosul - Reports
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the Turkish Anadolu news agency, the army position 160 kilometers (100 miles) to the west of the Iraqi city of Ramadi was attacked with the machine guns by the Daesh militants.
Daesh is a terrorist group, outlawed in many countries around the world, including Russia and the United States, and mainly operating in Syria and Iraq.
The jihadist organization had also claimed responsibility for a number of recent terrorist attacks in the crisis-torn Iraq, such as the Saturday twin attack in Baghdad and the Sunday attack in the city of Najaf that had together claimed lives of about 35 people and injured some 75 more.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
French President Emmanuel Macron's statements made during the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum in Russia indicated a new vector in European politics triggered by US President Donald Trump's tariff spree and the resumption of sanctions against Iran, which have dealt a blow to European businesses.
Donald Trump's determination to reconsider the US' international agreements on the basis of the "America First" principle has prompted blowback from Europe.
"We must work to boost cross-investments and to achieve financial independence of Europe. It is necessary, if we want to reach our strategic goals, to achieve individual and autonomous financing of these projects and strategies. It is necessary to separate some spheres from geopolitical ones, from politicization," French President Emmanuel Macron stated at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum in Russia.
Addressing the forum, Macron insisted on the necessity to restore the EU-Russian relationship, stressing that they were "ready" for this. "The window of opportunity exists, it is now, and if we don't take it, it can close again," the French president underscored.
© Sputnik / Sergey Guneev How US is Twisting EU's Arm, Trying to Throw Wrench Into Nord Stream 2
Furthermore, Macron pledged to boost investments in Russia and suited the action to the word by signing about 50 contracts with Russian partners on the sidelines of the forum.
Trump's trade politics and their unilateral withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), also known as the Iran nuclear deal, have apparently prompted the US' European partners to reconsider their foreign strategy in order to ensure their economic interests. A number of European companies, including Airbus and Total, have already fallen prey to Washington's decision on Iran.
The US' trade protectionism has triggered criticism from Brussels and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
"There are darkening clouds from the risk of a retreat from global trade and multilateral cooperation," IMF chief Christine Lagarde told the forum, adding that "protectionism hurts the poor especially hard."
At the same time, Lagarde lauded Russia.
"Russia in many ways is setting the standard of excellence when it comes to macroeconomic standards. The way that you look at fiscal policy, inflation situation, the debt situation, all those levels are very much setting the standards of excellence," they highlighted.
© Sputnik / Mikhail Klimentyev President of Russia Vladimir Putin and President of France Emmanuel Macron, second, left, during Russia-France Business Dialogue held as part of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. Left: President of the Movement of the Enterprises of France (MEDEF) Pierre Gattaz.
Macron Taking Lead in Europe's Apparent Shift to Russia
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's visit to Russia was largely seen as a first sign of an apparent thaw between Europe and Russia.
The German chancellor signaled that Berlin would remain committed to the implementation of the Russian-led Nord Stream 2 project regardless of US threats to impose sanctions on companies involved in the endeavor under the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (CAATSA).
At the same time, the May 18 Merkel-Putin summit in the Russian resort city of Sochi has not translated into a meaningful breakthrough, as the German chancellor was largely focused on the Ukrainian issue and human rights problems.
However, it appears that the French president is ready to go further. Macron's determination to bolster Russian-French ties could put them at the forefront of a Russian vector of European policy. Along with Austria, Italy and the Balkan states, France may facilitate the formation of a new pro-Russian bloc.
"France realizes that Russia is a neighbor," Gino Raymond, professor of French Studies at the University of Bristol, opined in an interview with Radio Sputnik. "It's a neighbor that Europe and France have to engage with in order to look for common solutions to common challenges."
For their part, Dr. Paul Sanders, associate professor at the NEOMA business school, told Sputnik that by turning to Russia "the Europeans [are] really trying to develop other options than just relying on the US."
© Sputnik / Sergey Guneev Putin gives Chancellor Merkel flowers, May 21, 2018
Anti-Russian Sanctions as a Stumbling Block
The issue of the anti-Russian sanctions was raised by Paolo Grimoldi, a member of the Italian parliament representing the Lega party, on the sidelines of the St. Petersburg forum.
"A new government would raise an issue of lifting the anti-Russia sanctions. We know that we would come under pressure, [the lifting of sanctions] would be a very difficult process, but we are committed to becoming the first European government with a platform focusing on it in its policy," Grimoldi told Sputnik.
The Italian parliamentary elections held on March 4 resulted in the sweeping victory of center-right parties that admit the necessity to improve ties with Russia. The Five-Star Movement (M5S) secured more than 32 percent of the vote, while the coalition of Lega, center-right Forza Italia and the Brothers of Italy movement, received 37 percent.
Nothing Personal, Just Business: Europe is Guided by Pragmatism
However, Europe's shift to Russia is being dictated by pragmatism. Being hit by the anti-Iranian sanctions, France's Total has jumped at the opportunity to sign an agreement with Novatek PJSC to take a 10 percent stake in Russia's Arctic LNG-2 project.
© Sputnik / Aleksey Nikolskyi Putin-Macron Meeting During SPIEF Good Opportunity to Improve Ties - Société Générale CEO
Additionally, at the St. Petersburg forum, Total's CEO Patrick Pouyanne asked Putin to allow the company to export pipeline gas from Russia to Europe. Currently, Gazprom has an exclusive right to sell Russia's pipeline gas.
The Russia-hosted forum brought together representatives from a wide range of countries, including the US, Britain and Sweden, which clearly demonstrated that the idea to isolate Moscow is no longer relevant.
For its part, Russia is signaling that it is ready to resume cooperation with Europe if it is based on mutually beneficial cooperation. Vladimir Putin highlighted that the EU trade turnover with Russia, which amounted to $450 billion, fell by one half last year. However, China stepped in and filled the vacuum.
This means Europe has to take efforts to regain its positions.
The Juneau School Board is revisiting its 2013 travel ban for middle school sports.
The 2013 school board disappointed a lot of people in Juneau when it voted to stop middle school sports teams from traveling out of town. At the school board meeting Tuesday, Superintendent Mark Miller said they read dozens of pages of documents to wrap their head around the previous board's decision. Miller wasn't working for the district when the decision was made.
“Well, there are a number of issues around it. One was equity. It seemed that as the number of students that were able to travel went down that the socioeconomic status of the students who was traveling went up.”
They also said that it looked like the middle school travel program was “dying” over time.
“If you look at the numbers it went from 120 to something around 60, to something around 30 over three years,” Miller said. “So I think it was a matter of equity, impact on student instruction, (and) impact on the number of days the kids and teachers were missing.”
They said the board decided the costs were too high.
More than three years have passed, five of the board members who voted on the issue are gone and the hard feelings in the community haven't gone away. That's why Miller said the current school board asked them to take another look.
After their investigation, Miller asked the board to consider whether middle school travel would hurt student learning and teacher instruction and other questions.
“Is it going to be equitable? Can we ensure that any student who wants to travel for middle school sports can, regardless of whether they can afford it or not?” Miller asked. “What is the impact on the community? I have people come to me hour — day after day saying, ‘We can't have another raffle or another car wash, you're tapping us out.'”
Miller also made rough estimates on the cost of a travel program. They estimated $25,000 per year to pay for students who couldn't afford travel rates, $20,000 to $40,000 in administration costs and about $10,000 for contingency planning. They also estimated another $50,000 to $70,000 would have to be raised by the community, the City and Borough of Juneau, or the school district.
After hearing Miller's report, the board decided to review the travel issue at its March 14 meeting. Policy Committee Chair Emil Mackey said their committee would review the travel policy's language and highlight changes the board might want to make.
Jon Kurland served on an independent committee formed after dozens in Juneau objected to the 2013 school board's decision to end middle school sports travel. They looked at Miller's report to the school board and agreed with the superintendent's concerns for equity and the effects on classroom instruction, but they slightly disagreed on some of the cost estimates.
“I think they were filling the role that the superintendent should fill in trying to give a reasonable sense of what the costs would be,” Kurland said. “I think they were in some cases looking at the worst case, assuming that every middle school sports team would want to travel every single year.”
Kurland said based on their conversations with parents and coaches, that's not really realistic. They hope the district does vote to let middle schoolers travel again. They said that those travel opportunities offer incredible life experiences that the kids shouldn't miss.
By Vera M. Kutzinsk
Langston Hughes, whom Carl Van Vechten memorably called “the Poet Laureate of the Negro race,” was born on 1 February 1902 in Joplin, Missouri; they died in New York City on 22 May 1967. This year, then, we celebrate Hughes‘ birthday at the beginning of what is now Black History Month, and we honor the fiftieth anniversary of their untimely passing. Remembering Hughes will no doubt lead to more books, articles, and conferences, which is as it should be. This work will be added to what has already been written about Hughes, much of it based on the Langston Hughes Papers at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale.
Given these riches, one would imagine that there is little left to discover about Hughes. And yet, new material—new to us now—still surfaces from time to time. The story I would like to share here, however briefly, has to do with one such unexpected surfacing. It speaks loudly to the international reputation Langston Hughes enjoyed for most of their life, something we tend to forget here at home.
On 20 October 2016, I received an email from Nora Galer, one of Julio Galer's three children, who, it turns out had been living in New York City for the past twenty-five years. They told me that they have in their possession all the letters their father, who passed in 2006, had kept from their long correspondence with Langston Hughes. If you don't know who Julio Galer is, you're not alone, and that is the point of recounting this story.
Born in Argentina, Julio Galer was one of Hughes's many literary translators, and, as we well know, translators tend to be rather invisible. They certainly have not exactly received the attention they deserve. Galer stands out among those who translated Hughes's writings into many languages because their interest in Hughes's work was much more than a passing fancy. Starting in the later 1940s, Julio Galer worked tirelessly on their Spanish translations of Hughes's autobiographical writings, fiction, plays, and of course poetry. In 1956, they published a hefty collection of their versions of Hughes's poems in Buenos Aires. Throughout all this, Galer and Hughes corresponded for almost twenty years, from 1948 to 1966.
I was familiar with Galer's translations and had written about them in The Worlds of Langston Hughes (2012), but I had no idea about the extent of their correspondence with Hughes. All I knew at the time was that they had sent Hughes a copy of their book, Poemas de Langston Hughes, which I had found at Beinecke Library, along with the Spanish versions of Mulatto, Laughing to keep from Crying, and I Wonder as I Wander.
It wasn't until I flew up to New York City barely two weeks after Nora Galer's email, talked with them at length, and perused their father's papers, that I began to appreciate how much of a serious commitment Julio Galer's Hughes translations had been from the very start. “You see, Mr. Hughes,” the twenty-three-old Galer writes in their first letter from April 1948, “I do not undertake this heavy task just for commercial purposes, I do not make my living translating but teaching. But I want to put at the disposal of the Spanish speaking public your wonderful poetic production.… In my opinion the translator is like the apostle, because, like him, their mission is to spread the holy word, in this case the holy word of beauty and knowledge.”
Continue onto Oxford Univeristy's Press Blog to read the complete article.
GENEVA, March 30 Nineteen U.S. states have introduced bills that would curb freedom of expression and the right to protest since Donald Trump's election as president, an "alarming and undemocratic" trend, U.N. human rights investigators said on Thursday.
Concerns for free speech in the United States have risen in part because of the Republican Trump's antagonistic relations with prominent U.S. media, which they have branded "the enemy of the American people" as it has reported on policy missteps and dysfunction in their administration.
The push for stricter laws on expression has come as Trump's liberal foes have pursued public protest against their policies on issues ranging from immigration to abortion and climate change.
Maina Kiai and David Kaye, independent U.N. experts on freedom of peaceful assembly and expression respectively, said in a statement that the state bills were incompatible with international human rights law.
"The trend also threatens to jeopardise one of the United States' constitutional pillars: free speech," they said in a statement, calling for action to reverse such legislation.
“From the Black Lives Matter movement, to the environmental and Native American movements in opposition to the Dakota Access oil pipeline, and the Women's Marches, individuals and organisations across (American) society have mobilised in peaceful protests,” Kiai and Kaye said.
They said it was their fundamental right to do so, but that bills in Republican-governed states like Indiana, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan and Missouri sought to stop them exercising that right.
The civil rights movement known as Black Lives Matter has been fuelled by a series of shootings of unarmed black men by white U.S. police officers that triggered national protests.
The U.N. experts' statement came a day after they criticised Russia's treatment of peaceful protesters who took to the streets following allegations of corruption against Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
The U.S. State Department had also criticised Russia's handling of those protests, calling them an affront to democratic values.
Supporters of the U.S. state legislative action say it sums up the frustration some people feel about protests that get in the way of daily lives, and reflects a wish to maintain public safety. Free speech advocates say the bills are worrying, seeing them as opening the way to criminalising peaceful protests.
The U.N. experts said several bills proposed in Colorado, North Dakota and Oklahoma targeted opponents of the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota and would have "a chilling effect on environmental protesters".
Last month dozens of armed U.S. law enforcement officers swept through a protest camp near the site of the pipeline, clearing the gathering that for months served as a base of opposition to the multi-billion-dollar project.
In Missouri a bill proposed a seven-year prison term for "unlawful obstruction of traffic", while the Minnesota bill would criminalise peaceful protesters for participating in demonstrations that subsequently turned violent.
The U.N. experts said there was no such thing as a violent protest, only violent protesters. "One person's decision to resort to violence does not strip other protesters of their right to freedom of peaceful assembly," Kaye and Kiai said. (Reporting by Tom Miles; editing by Mark Heinrich)
March 31Omnijoi Media Corporation :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 24.8 percent to 51 percent, or to be 20.5 million yuan to 24.8 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (16.4 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/gclASc
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Ekinops SA:
* FY revenue 18.2 million euros ($19.38 million) versus 15.2 million euros year ago
* FY EBITDA loss 0.9 million euros versus loss of 3.0 million euros year ago
* FY consolidated net loss 2.9 million euros versus loss of 3.9 million euros year ago
* In 2017 intends to continue in 2016 direction and aims to achieve another year of sustained growth
* Does not anticipate any significant increase in its operating expenses over its current scope Source text: bit.ly/2nbxm3p Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9392 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Turkish gov't issues detention warrants for 133 former public servants over alleged Gülen links
Turkish government has issued detention warrants for 133 public servants, including 4 people on active duties, on Thursday over their alleged links to Gülen movement basing on their alleged use of mobile phone messaging application ByLock.
The Ankara Chief Prosecutor's Office has issued detention warrants for 101 personnel from the Finance Ministry and 32 personnel from the Ministry of Labor and Social Security on Thursday as part of Turkish government's massive post-coup witch hunt campaign targeting the alleged members of the Gülen movement. Of the total 133 ministry personnel who have detention warrants, only four were reported to be on active duty. The prosecutor's office stated that the Ankara-based probe was being conducted throughout 11 provinces.
In an Uşak-based investigation 14 women were detained in Uşak, Afyonkarahisar, Denizli, Manisa, Muğla and İzmir provinces over their alleged links to Gülen movement on Thursday by basing on their alleged use of ByLock. It was reported that the detentions have followed the warrants issued by Uşak Chief Prosecutor's Office for 16 women.
Turkish authorities believe that ByLock is a communication tool among followers of the Gülen movement. Tens of thousands of people, including civil servants, police officers, soldiers, business people and housemakers, have either been dismissed or arrested for using ByLock since the failed coup attempt on July 15, 2016.
Meanwhile, following the detention warrants issued by Aksaray Chief Prosecutor's Office for 21 teachers who were dismissed from their duties by government decrees under the rule of emergency declared in the aftermath of a controversial coup attempt on July 15, 2016, at least 18 teachers were detained by police on Thursday in Aksaray and Ankara provinces over their alleged links to the Gülen movement.
Also, 19 military personnel were detained on Thursday accross Turkey as part of a Trabzon-based operation targeting alleged members of the faith-based Gülen movement. It was reported that 19 military officers were detained in operations in 9 provinces and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (KKTC). Two cadets who were among detainees, were dismissed as part of witch hunt targeting Gülen movement following a controversial coup attempt on July 15, 2016.
Detention warrants were issued on September 29 for 117 former and active duty officers of various ranks across 45 Turkish provinces as part of an İzmir-based operation targeting alleged members of the movement.
Moreover, in Kozan district of Adana province 9 people, mostly women, were detained by police on Thursday over their alleged links to the Gülen movement following the detention warrants issued by Kozan Chief Prosecutor's Office for 12 people.
In a Bitlis-based investigation 7 people were detained by police on Thursday in Bitlis, Elazığ, Erzurum, İstanbul, Kahramanmaraş, Malatya, Şanlıurfa provinces over their alleged links to the Gülen movement. It was reported that detentions were carried out following the detention warrants issued for 13 people.
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15, 2016 that killed 249 people. Immediately after the putsch the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) government along with President Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Gülen movement.
Fethullah Gülen, who inspired the movement, strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it, but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “a gift from God” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions, dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody.
Turkey's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup. Turkish government has also suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants after the coup attempt.
Related
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
HELSINKI, March 30 Sui Wenjing and Han Cong did not let a fall derail their gold medal hopes as they capped a year of pain and injury by winning the pairs title at the world figure skating championships on Thursday.
The Chinese duo sat out the start of the season while Sui recovered from undergoing surgery on their right ankle and left foot.
The enforced break seems to have rejuvenated their fortunes because, after scooping a silver for the last two years, they finally got their hands on the gold with a personal best total of 232.06 points.
Germany's Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot went up one level on the podium from 12 months ago after picking up silver with 230.30, while Evgeniya Tarasova and Vladimir Morozov ended Russia's two-year barren run in the event by settling for bronze. (Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Clare Lovell)
Child mortality is still a serious problem around the world, but the decrease in the rate as healthcare methods have improved over the last few decades has also been staggering. According to the calculations of Our World in Data, roughly 17,000 fewer children are dying every day, or, as they put it:
Compared with 1990, this is the equivalent of saving 27 planes from crashing on a daily basis. Were it to receive as much attention as aviation disasters do, we think this would be seen as an extremely big deal.
Here's what that decrease looks like:
';
While there was some downward movement between 1800 (when a mind-boggling 43.3% of kids didn't make it past age 5) and 1900 (when it was down to 36.2%, things began getting better in earnest in the 20th century, down to the 2015 rate of 4.25%.
The greatest gains since 1990 have come from better treatments for respiratory infections, pre-birth complications and diarrheal diseases, although all three are still leading causes of child mortality. Huge strides have also been made in treating birth defects:
';
[Our World In Data via Reddit]
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
HONOLULU (AP) — Their last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of their term, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on their legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington at midday Monday from Hawaii with less than three weeks remaining in their presidency. Their final days in office will largely be consumed by a bid to protect their endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
Their speech planned for their hometown of Chicago, on Jan. 10 is expected to be their closing message to the nation, and will be open to the public, according to a notice sent to Obama alumni and obtained by The Associated Press. The trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will include a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with their second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like former government contractor Edward Snowden and former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to continue to focus on drug offenders whose plight they tried — but failed — to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and their aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped their team take over the massive bureaucracy that is the federal government. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump.
“The smooth transition of power is chief among priorities,” said White House spokesperson Eric Schultz.
But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump staff's requests for information that Obama aides fear could be used to identify and eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts in the final days to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on their annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted themselves forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put them in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking against the U.S. political process.
Trump sided with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the first case and Russian President Vladimir Putin in the second. He's vacillated between praising Obama for how he's handled the transition, and criticizing them over it on Twitter.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define their presidency before they lose the bully pulpit and cedes their legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how their two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what they accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions. Some Republicans want to strip out unpopular “Obamacare” provisions while leaving major parts intact, while others prefer a start-from-scratch approach.
To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely their last such session with their party's lawmakers as president.
Their administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood their policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be established, and Obama and their family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until their youngest daughter, Sasha, finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them normal freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, Obama took time out with their family to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for their role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described them as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where they had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted them and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
They added that other members of their community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to their reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But their release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but they cannot leave the country. They were also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing them access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of their bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
For more than half a century, the civic association of Waveland has transformed the city into an Irish paradise every St. Patrick's Day.
As Dave Ryan reports, the mix of older St. Paddy's traditions, and newer South Mississippi parade routines, brings crowds from all over to this corner of Hancock County.
Speech to Text for North Knox defeats Linton in sectionals
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
10th ranked north knox taking on number 13 linton-stockton.. first-year student haley rose gives linton a 23-19 third quarter lead with the jumper .... another linton first-year student.. vanessa shafford went for 20 points.. they score along the baseline, linton up two with a minute to play in the 3rd... that's when reeva hammelman takes over.. the north knox star pokes the ball loose, races to the other end for the and one.. warriors take a 28-26 lead with three seconds left in the third.. fourth quarter, it's hammelman again creating a turnover and scoring off of it .. when the game was on the line, they were the best player on the floor.. 18 points.. north knox wins 42-34.. after getting upset last year in the sectional.. the warriors say they've waited a whole year to get back to this moment. first picture in our playbook is a picture of the scoreboard of where we got beat last year. everytime they opened their playbook it reminded them. they couldn't wait for this sectional. this is what we worked for this whole year. every since that loss it was inside of us. we got it back.. when it comes tournament time.. the vincennes
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) — A Massachusetts police officer is facing disciplinary action for writing “Hahahaha love this” on Facebook in response to a story about a car striking and killing a counter-protester at a white supremacist rally in Virginia.
Springfield Officer Conrad Lariviere later apologized, saying in a Facebook conversation with Masslive.com that he's a “good man who made a stupid comment.”
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri said they received a complaint about the comment Sunday.
“I took immediate steps to initiate a prompt and thorough internal investigation,” Barbieri said via email. “If in fact this post did originate from an officer employed with the Springfield Police Department, this matter will be reviewed by the Community Police Hearings Board for further action.”
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno denounced the comments.
“There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer,” Sarno said in a statement.
Lariviere had written on Facebook: “Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways.”
They were responding to a story about the death on Saturday of 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who was struck by a car that plowed into a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Nineteen others were injured. James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Ohio, was arrested shortly after and charged with second-degree murder.
Lariviere also questioned whether the driver of the car that struck the crowd was a “nazi scumbag.”
They responded to a critic who asked whether they had ever been struck by a car, saying they had been struck by someone “with warrants, but who cares right you ignorant brat live in a fantasy land with the rest of America while I deal with the real danger.”
Lariviere told Masslive.com they are not a racist.
“Never would I want someone to get murdered. I am not a racist and don't believe in what any of those protesters are doing,” they said.
Lariviere was a member of the Springfield Police Academy's 2014 graduating class. A message left by The Associated Press at a listed number for a Conrad Lariviere in Springfield was not immediately returned.
One, two, the moose is coming for you! In this footage, the furious animal is seen chasing the men on snowboards. The video was originally published on Instagram by one of snowboarders, Scott Askins, who was filming their friend descending the slope when the incident happened. Luckily for them, the moose lost interest quite quickly, allowing them to escape.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NORTH TEXAS-Just because the holidays are over doesn't mean acts of kindness need to be.
The Helpful Honda People kicked off their Helpful after the Holidays event by hosting a special pop-up street-side salon, giving homeless residents of Dallas a nice new haircut.
Not only will they leave looking good but the goal is to help them join the workforce.
"They've said they need a haircut and it really gives them feel worthy and dignified as a human as well as able to go job interview or reunite with family they just feel more presentable and good about themselves," said Hayley Ruffner with The Human Impact, an advocacy group.
The helpfulness continues on Monday, February 5th when Honda visits the Arlington Life Shelter. They'll be donating diapers, undergarments, socks and other helpful items. Mayor Jeff Williams has challenged residents to report acts of kindness by posting using #arlingtonkindness.
The World Cup kicks off in just over two weeks' time with the eyes of the footballing world on Russia. Sputnik's Chris Summers looks at how the draw could pan and predicts a new name on the trophy.
The hosts Russia, kick off the FIFA World Cup on June 14 against Saudi Arabia and the Moscow authorities are promising a "festival of football."
Russia, and before them the Soviet Union, have been perennial achievers with their best performance coming in 1966 when a Soviet team, with the peerless Lev Yashin in goal, made it to the semi-finals before succumbing to West Germany.
Since the break-up of the Soviet Union, Russia have not fared well in World Cups but they can expect the usual boost that being hosts gives teams.
In 2002 joint hosts South Korea made it as far as the semi-finals before bowing out to Germany.
Russia have been given a fairly easy group which they should be able to win.
Will Mo Salah Be Fit To Play?
The runners-up place should be between two teams who both have star players who are head and shoulders above their team-mates — Mo Salah's Egypt and Luis Suarez's Uruguay.
Salah arrived in Spain on Wednesday, May 30, for treatment for the dislocated shoulder they suffered during the Champions' League Final on Saturday, May 26, but if they do not recover fully expect Uruguay to progress at the Egyptians' expense.
Russia could then take on Portugal in the knockout stages as Cristiano Ronaldo's team are likely to be runners-up to the talented Spanish team.
Portugal were the surprise package at the 2016 European Championships in France but their team, including Ronaldo, is ageing and Russia may be able to use home advantage in Sochi to get through to the quarter final.
But that is as far as Russia can expect to get, as France will probably stand in their way, having topped their group and then overcome Nigeria or Croatia in the knockout stage.
Will French Team Go Further Than Napoleon?
That quarter final will take place in Nizhny Novgorod, a city east of Moscow which Napoleon never managed to reach during their infamous invasion of Russia, but expect a French victory and plenty of Russian tears on July 6.
Brazil had a terribly World Cup as hosts in 2014, being drubbed 7-1 by the eventual winners Germany in the biggest humiliation they had ever faced.
But Neymar, who was unfit for that game, is set to be back and firing on all cylinders in Russia and they should win their group at a canter, with Serbia possibly pipping the Swiss for second spot.
The holders, Germany, should also win their group but expect surprise runners-up — South Korea have a team full of players with plenty of experience of European top echelon football and they should be able to overcome Mexico and Sweden, who are nowadays without the class of Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Brazil, backed by a colorful army of fans, should be able to beat South Korea in the knockout stage while Germany should be too strong for Serbia in St. Petersburg.
England On Course To Meet….Germany!
And then to England's group.
England's World Cup qualification got off to the worst possible start when manager Sam Allardyce quit in September 2016 after just one game in charge after being accused of using their role to negotiate a deal worth £400,000 (US$532,000) to represent a Far East firm.
But Gareth Southgate — a former defender who famously missed a penalty which led to England being knocked out of Euro 96 — took over and steered England through qualification without losing a match.
England fans have low expectations of the team though and will probably be happy to qualify as runners-up behind Belgium, who they meet in their third and final match.
That would mean a meeting in the knockout stages with Poland, who are expected to top Group H, which is arguably the weakest group of the lot.
England, with Raheem Sterling out to impress after their rifle tattoo controversy, should be able to beat Poland at the Otkrytie Arena in Moscow.
But it is impossible to see England being able to overcome their old enemy Germany in the quarter final.
And Then There Were Four…
So expect Germany and France to be joined in the semi-finals by Argentina, who can win their group and overcome Denmark and then Spain, and Belgium, who are the competition's dark horses and will claim the scalp of Brazil in the quarter final.
That would see Argentina and Germany clash in one semi-final in Moscow while France and neighbors Belgium fight it out in St. Petersburg in the other game.
France has a good all-round team with top players throughout the team but I fancy Belgium to overcome them while the solid Germans will march past Argentina who, with the exception of Lionel Messi, are fairly average.
DID YOU KNOW 🤔
A total of 2,379 goals have been scored at the #WorldCup! 🤩
The last person to find the net at the tournament was, of course, 🇩🇪@DFB_Team_EN's Mario Gotze in the 2014 Final 🏆#WednesdayWisdom pic.twitter.com/bsZWDExhrd — FIFA World Cup 🏆 (@FIFAWorldCup) 30 May 2018
So the final at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow on July 15 could be between Germany and Belgium.
Germany have won the World Cup four times and are trying to draw level with Brazil, who have won it five times.
Is It Time For The 'Golden Generation'?
But Belgium's Red Devils have been dubbed the "golden generation".
© Sputnik / Vladimir Pesnya Fans of the Belgian football team (File)
In 1986 a team which included quality players like Jan Ceulemans, Enzo Scifo and goalkeeper Jan-Marie Pfaff, made it to the semi-finals before losing to Maradona's Argentina.
This year a team which includes Chelsea's Thibault Courtois and Eden Hazard, Manchester United's Romelu Lukaku and Marouane Fellaini, Manchester City's Kevin de Bruyne and Tottenham's Jan Vertonghen and Tobi Alderweireld could just go all the way and shock the world.
Belgium is a 10-1 shot with bookmakers Paddy Power, compared to joint favorites Brazil and Germany on 9-2, Spain at 11-2 and France at 6-1.
(UPDATED) 'The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available,' Tweeted NYPD
Published 9:18 PM, December 11, 2017
NEW YORK, USA (UPDATED) – New York police said Monday, December 11, that they were investigating an explosion of "unknown origin" in busy downtown Manhattan, and that people were being evacuated.
"The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available," the New York police department wrote on their Twitter account.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
The Mayor has been briefed on the incident in Midtown. The NYPD, FDNY and first responders are on the scene. — NYC Mayor's Office (@NYCMayorsOffice) December 11, 2017
Media reports said that at least one person had been detained after the explosion, which took place near the city's busy Port Authority terminal, close to Times Square. – Rappler.com
This is a developing story. Keep refreshing this page for updates.
– Rappler.com
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
DOWN-AND-OUT Kid Absolutely Crushes This Boardslide
Knowing skateboarders, this was probably dozens of attempts in the making. That doesn't make it any less impressive.
Other churches and charities are expected to follow the Catholic Church in joining the $3.8 billion national redress scheme for child sexual abuse survivors.
The Catholic Church's move is significant, given it will be the first non-government institution to opt in to the scheme and because it has estimated it will itself be liable for about $1 billion in compensation.
Federal Social Services Minister Dan Tehan expects more institutions to follow, saying there could be further announcements as early as Thursday.
"(The) development is incredibly welcome and I think goes a long way to making sure we will have a national redress scheme which is comprehensive and will reach as many survivors as we possibly can," they told reporters.
Catholic leaders have long backed a national redress scheme but the churches, charities and other non-government institutions needed the states and territories to sign on before they could opt in.
Western Australia is the final state yet to sign up, although state Attorney-General John Quigley believes the negotiations with the federal government could be finalised within six to eight weeks.
Mr Tehan said the negotiations have been very constructive and the remaining issues have been finalised.
Legislation to enable the opt-in scheme passed federal parliament's lower house on Tuesday night.
Mr Tehan said the scheme was on track to begin on July 1 if the legislation passed the Senate.
The Australian Catholic Bishops Conference and Catholic Religious Australia on Wednesday confirmed the church will enter the scheme when it became law.
ACBC president Archbishop Mark Coleridge said an agency will be established to allow dioceses and religious congregations to interact with the independent national redress scheme operator.
Mr Tehan said the church's move to bring all the dioceses and Catholic orders under the umbrella of one company will make it lot easier and simpler for the federal agency administering the scheme.
There are calls for other institutions to sign up as soon as possible.
The Anglican Diocese of Melbourne this week said it is committed to joining the scheme.
The scheme will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at $150,000.
TORONTO van massacre accused Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, was wearing a white forensic jumpsuit when they appeared in court.
They spoke their name and agreed that they understood the charges.
RELATED: First Toronto van attack victim named
Camera Icon Farzad Salehi consoles their wife, Mehrsa Marjani, who was at a nearby cafe and witnessed the aftermath when a van plowed down a crowded footpath. Picture: AP
They showed no expression, nodding along and speaking abruptly and clearly when they addressed the court.
Minassian, who does not yet have a lawyer, was ordered to not contact any of their victims.
First degree murder carries a life sentence in Canada.
An elderly man sat silently in court with tears running down their face as Minassian appeared.
They were mobbed by a large media pack as they left court.
Asked if they had any message to Toronto, they quietly said: “Sorry”.
Camera Icon Police officers stand near one of the bodies on the street after a truck drove up on the curb and hit several pedestrians in Toronto. Picture: AFP
There is still no indication of a motive for yesterday's attack, which left a 2km path of destruction down one of Toronto's busiest streets.
Authorities continue to play down any connections to terrorism.
Minassian will reappear in court on May 10.
A BITTERNESS TOWARD WOMEN?
Shortly before Monday's attack on a crowded Toronto street, a chilling post appeared on Minassian's now-deleted Facebook account saluting Elliot Rodger, a community college student who killed six people and wounded 13 in shooting and stabbing attacks near the University of California, Santa Barbara, before apparently shooting themselves to death in 2014.
Calling Rodger “the Supreme Gentleman,” the Facebook post declared: “The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys!”
The 22-year-old Rodger had used the term “incel” - for involuntarily celibate - in online posts raging at women for rejecting them romantically. Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use “Chad” and “Stacy” as dismissive slang for men and women with more robust sex lives.
Monday's Facebook post mentions that “Private (Recruit) Minassian” is speaking, and Facebook confirmed the post was on an account that belonged to the suspect. The social networking site took down their account after the attack, saying in a statement: “There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts.”
Camera Icon Elliot Rodger was know as the “virgin killer”. Picture: Supplied
A STUNNED FAMILY
Minassian lived with their family in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, on a street of sizeable, well-tended brick homes. Police say they had no criminal record before Monday.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, wept and seemed stunned as they watched as their son, showing little emotion, make a brief court appearance today.
A “SOCIALLY AWKWARD” STUDENT
Minassian attended Seneca College, according to their LinkedIn profile; a spokesperson for the Toronto-area school didn't immediately respond to an inquiry about him.
Another student, Joseph Pham, told The Toronto Star that Minassian was in a computer programming class with them just last week.
Pham described Minassian as a “socially awkward” student who kept to himself: “He didn't really talk to anyone.”
Before college, Minassian attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011. A Thornlea classmate, Ari Blaff, told CBC News they recall Minassian was “sort of in the background,” not the center of any particular group of friends.
“He wasn't overly social,” Blaff told the news broadcaster.
Both Thornlea and Seneca declined to discuss him.
A STINT IN THE MILITARY
Minassian joined the Canadian Armed Forces last year, but their stay was brief. The Department of National Defence says they were a member of the military from Aug. 23 to Oct. 25, but didn't complete their recruit training. They asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days, the department said.
- with AP
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Dan Gainor, the vice president of business and culture at the Media Research Center (MRC), talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday regarding recent violence at Berkeley, as well as media coverage of the tea party versus today's left-leaning Antifa groups.
The MRC's NewsBusters site also pointed out the discrepancy here: “Networks Parrot Demands of Liberal Tax Day Protests; Smeared tea party Events Eight Years Ago.”
Characterizing previous tea party events versus events today at which Antifa shows up, Gainor said, “Conservatives are learning very quickly. ”
Tea party events were “a bunch of people showing up, very nice, very polite, neat, cleaning up, and that was it,” according to Gainor.
“And now conservatives know,” continued Gainor, “that if you're going to go to a Trump rally, if you're going to go to any sort of event, you've got to go expecting to be attacked. That means you've got to wear almost combat gear, not just things to protect from someone punching you, but actually, gas masks or bandanas to cover your face because the Antifa people were pepper spraying free speech protesters.”
According to Wikipedia, three violent protests at Berkeley just this year were all Antifa or leftist related.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
QUEENSLAND schoolteacher Jeff Horn will defend their WBO welterweight title against England's Gary Corcoran in the Battle of Brisbane 2 at the Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre on Wednesday night.
The 29-year-old Aussie is defending their title just five months after claiming a unanimous win over Filipino champ Manny Pacquiao at a packed Suncorp Stadium in July.
If Horn beats Corcoran they could face the undefeated American Terence Crawford (32 wins in 32 fights) in Las Vegas in April.
Horn, who reached the quarter-finals of the light-welterweight division at the 2012 Olympic Games, has never lost a professional bout while 27-year-old Corcoran, aka Hellraiser, has lost one fight in their 18 bouts.
Follow the fight live with Fighting Words columnist Liam Croy from 5.30pm AWST on Wednesday.
The state's consultants appear to have inflated their cost estimates for the operation of the waste processing facility at Koshi, a government official said in court on Tuesday.
Kyriacos Kapris of the Audit Office was testifying for the prosecution in the ongoing trial concerning the landfills in Koshi, Larnaca and Marathounda, Paphos.
Both contracts were awarded to Helector, the company at the centre of the affair. It has emerged that Helector was grossly overcharging municipalities – and ultimately the taxpayer – by reporting higher waste volumes while officials looked the other way in return for skimming off the top.
Kapris was answering questions about Enviroplan, a company which since the early 2000s has acted as consultant to the state on the specifications for a number of waste management projects, including those in Marathounda and Koshi.
It is alleged that Enviroplan tailored those specifications to suit the bids made by Helector.
The witness said that Enviroplan's estimates for the cost of the deodoriser systems installed at the Koshi facility appeared excessive.
For the year 2007 alone, Kapris said, the company estimated the cost of the chemical deodorisers at some €217,000.
Initially Enviroplan had made provisions for the use of a biofilter deodoriser, but subsequently switched the specifications to a chemical deodoriser.
Higher operating costs at the facility translated into higher charges to the municipalities.
Another matter that raised eyebrows, said Kapris, was Enviroplan's estimate of the annual financing cost of the Koshi facility.
Enviroplan placed this cost at €150,000 per year, whereas the contractor themselves quoted a far lower figure – €81,000.
Also troubling were the fees paid by the state to Enviroplan's single consultant.
The consultant was paid €250,000 per annum, an excessive fee in Kapris' opinion.
They said that usually consultancy fees are in the €7,000-€8,000 a month range, meaning the annual fees should not exceed €100,000.
The trial continues, with the next hearing date set for May 2.
[India], May 31 (ANI): Following an acute drinking water shortage, the Municipal Corporation here is distributing water under police protection.
Over 70 police personnel have been deployed to specially deal with the situation in the water-deprived hill-station.
Meanwhile, a mineral water wholesale trader, Jasvir Singh told ANI that the demand for bottled water has increased by 50 to 60 percent due to water scarcity in Shimla.
"Usually I supply 400 packs of water bottles but now the demand has increased to 700 plus for retailers," they said.
The tourism industry in Himachal Pradesh's Shimla has also been massively hit as tourists are cancelling their visits to the hill-station. The local hoteliers and others related to the tourism industry are worried as social media is flooded with news about the water crisis, preventing the inflow of tourists into the state. Yesterday, Himachal Pradesh High Court directed the Shimla Municipal Corporation not to distribute water through tankers. The court has also directed the state government and the Shimla Municipal Corporation to not allow any water supply for building construction and car washing. The court has taken a suo moto cognizance in the matter due to extreme water scarcity in the town and has given order taking the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) which is pending with the high court for past two years. The Shimla administration has also postponed a major tourist attraction, International Shimla Summer Festival, scheduled from June 1 to 5 due to the scarcity of water in the town. (ANI)
City leaders met at Crosspoint Church this afternoon to discuss plans for this year's
Beckley Day of Hope.
This event will be held on August 18th at the Beckley-Raleigh County Convention Center.
Approximately 1,000 volunteers are needed to distribute free groceries to guests and provide
health services.
This event is a collaborative effort between churches, businesses, and community organizations to
help the community of Beckley.
There will also be a job fair, live entertainment, games, and prizes distributed throughout the
event.
The Pastor of Crosspoint Church said the meeting today was to help leaders refresh their memory on
what the needs of the community are.
“The goal of the meeting today is to refresh our memory as to what has happened in the past with the
needs in our community in a way that we can join together to help meet some of those needs that are
there,” said Pastor Vondie Cook.
All volunteers need to attend the Volunteer Rally which will take place the Friday prior to the rally
at Woodrow Wilson High School Auditorium at 7 pm.
Comments
March 31 Beijing Leadman Biochemistry Co Ltd :
* Says co plans to invest 5.1 million yuan to set up a medical devices JV in Hubei with partner, and to hold a 51 percent stake in it
* Says co plans to invest 2.6 million yuan to set up a medical devices JV in Fujian with partner, and to hold a 51 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/1nuopC ; goo.gl/jyfv9X
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Eli Manning expects to be the starter for the New York Giants next season, but they will have no problems if the team uses its top pick to select a quarterback in this year's NFL Draft.
Manning endured a one-game benching this season that expedited the demise of head coach Ben McAdoo, but they have the support of team management and new head coach Pat Shurmur that they will be under center in 2018.
"Obviously knowing I will be a New York Giant, that helped. Been told that, so that's a starting point," Manning told newjersey.com. "Now just keep going about my job and learn this offense, obviously got to wait for spring and start back practicing with the team and get everybody up to speed."
Manning had started 210 consecutive games before they were benched by McAdoo in favor of backup Geno Smith prior to a Week 13 loss at Oakland. McAdoo and general manager Jerry Reese were fired the following day.
Still, while the 37-year-old Manning appears to be firmly entrenched as the starter under the new regime that includes general manager Dave Gettleman, they understand if New York invests a No. 2 overall pick in a quarterback.
"Hey, the Giants, it's always, it's about, they got to draft, you know, whether it's the future or for now, they got to figure out how to put the best players on the field," Manning said. "Hey, whatever they draft I'm fine with, it's about me doing my job and that's playing quarterback. ... All I can worry about is doing my job. I got to go out there and compete and win games and so if I do that everything else will work itself out."
New York staggered to a 3-13 record as Manning threw for 3,468 yards -- their lowest total since 2008 -- with 19 touchdowns and 13 interceptions.
Leo Varadkar and their new cabinet are spending their first full day in office, after being approved by the Dail last night.
Their new ministers received their seals of office just before midnight last night after a late-night vote of TDs.
Our political correspondent Gavan Reilly has more
Meanwhile, a new study's revealed that more men named Sean and John have been elected to the Dáil over the years than the total number of women.
Former jobs minister Mary Mitchell O'Connor was the only person to be demoted - to a 'super junior' minister role.
People Before Profit TD Bríd Smith says that raises serious concerns about the new administration
The Central and Brong-Ahafo Regions held successful polls at the weekend to elect regional executives to steer affairs of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) for a four-year term.
Some of the incumbent executives retained their positions while others lost to their shock and dismay.
The elections in the two regions were peaceful with the vanquished accepting defeat and pledging support for the victors in order for the party to retain power in the 2020 general election.
From Kasoa in the Central Region, DAVID O. YARBOI-TETTEH reports that the incumbent Central Regional Chairman of the New Patriotic Party (NPP), Robert Kutin Jnr. on Sunday beat a strong opposition to retain their position, polling 263 votes.
Their closest challenger, Benjamin Ayeh, whom many counted as an underdog in the race and predicted a massive win for the incumbent surprised some delegates and party members by securing 184 votes while E. K.Dadson managed to garner eight votes.
Security and other activities at the venue for the congress to elect new officers were well coordinated.
As predicted by some watchers, Ekow Ewusi easily disposed the onslaught of the incumbent First Vice Chairman, Joe Donkor by securing 327 votes with Mr Donkor getting 97 votes. The third contestant, Agyeman Kessie had 30 votes.
For the Second Vice Chairman position, Kingsley Karikari Bondzie, the incumbent had to dig deep into their sleeves to garner 248 votes, to beat Frank Hutchful and Ebow Jackson who secured 188 votes and one vote respectively.
The regional secretary, the incumbent, Richard Takyi-Mensah, retained their position with 282 votes with George Ayisi, their sole contestant had 173 votes.
Ms Sarah Afful perhaps demonstrated why they happened to be the most preferred person for the deputy secretary position by overwhelmingly securing 390 votes as against Murtala Mohammed who managed to secure 64 votes.
For the regional organiser position, Percy Dennis Quaicoe, garnered 250 votes to beat Francis Ejaku Donkoh, Emmanuel Kofi Bruno and John Barry Amoah, who managed to get 186 votes, 18 votes and zero vote respectively.
In the case of the women organizer, Charlotte Adwoa Antwi won with 204 votes while Agnes Owusu, procured 197 votes with Evangelist Gifty Acquah, securing 55 votes.
The Regional Youth Organizer witnessed a tie between Anthony Kwesi Sackey and Kenneth Quansah who had 122 votes each; Justice Adu Asiedu, the third contestant, however managed to mobilize only 11 votes.
The newly elected executives are expected to meet to deliberate on a decision to be taken on two candidates who had the tie.
Dr Joseph Kobina Esibu garnered 350 votes to beat Sam Quarm who had 103 votes for the position of the Treasurer.
For the Nasara Coordinator slot, Abubakari Osuman had 269 votes to win the position. The other contestants, Abubakari Alhassan had 141 votes, Alhaji Say Mallah, 24 votes and Gafaru Seidu, 23 votes.
Mr. Kutin Jnr., in their acceptance speech, expressed their appreciation to the delegates for their support.
The party, they said, would work hard towards consolidating the gains made over the past years in the region.
From the Brong-Ahafo Region, DANIEL DZIRASAH reports that outspoken former Brong-Ahafo Regional Youth Organiser of the NPP Kwame Baffoe aka Abronye DC was elected as the first vice chairperson in the regional election.
The controversial politicians defied all odds and polled a massive 407 votes to beat their challenger Dr. Emmanuel Opoku who could only garner 93 votes in an election boycotted by officials of the Electoral Commission (EC) following a court injunction placed on the congress by delegates from Atebubu Amantin constituency in the region.
The applicants, who are members of the party in the constituency applied to the High Court to restrain the Atebubu delegates from voting because the constituency election was improperly organised.
The notice of motion was served on the regional acting chairperson, the EC and the Election Committee of the party on March 20, 2018, two days to the election.
Consequently, party executives after consultations resolved to hold the election.
A total of 552 votes were casts.
Other winners include the acting chairperson of the party, Thomas Adu- Appiah who polled 282 votes to beat their closest, Francis Opoku Sarfo who polled 266 votes to become the Regional Chairman with Dr. Charles Kwame Addo who had 10 votes.
The secretary position was won by Kofi Ofosu Boateng with 297 votes who until then was the acting regional secretary of the party. Their contenders David Boakye got 179 and John Nketiah, 82 votes.
The youth organiser, Michael Osei Boateng obtained 337 votes to defeat five other aspirants.
Mr. Konlabig Rashed went unopposed as the Regional Organiser.
The rest are women organiser, Dorothy Ama Amponsah, 241 votes to retain their position while the treasurer post was won by Alhaji Issaka Isaah with 405 votes and the Nasara Coordinator Alhaji Adamu Mohammad garnered 266 votes. The second vice position also went to Joseph Mensah with 285 votes.
In all, there were ten positions contested.
They were sworn in by the Deputy General Secretary of the party, Nana Obiri Boahen.
In their acceptance speech, Mr. Appiah called for party unity to guarantee victory in 2020.
Eastern District of Texas U.S. Attorney's Office:
A 56-year-old fisher, Indiana man has been sentenced to federal prison for committing perjury in the Eastern District of Texas, announced Acting U.S. Attorney Brit Featherston today.
David Hernon, formerly of Richardson, Texas, pleaded guilty on Dec. 29, 2015, to making false declarations before the court and was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison today by U.S. District Judge Thad Heartfield.
According to information presented in court, in 2011, Hernon's co-defendant and former business partner, Albert Davis, 56, formerly of Richardson, Texas, through their company, LBDS Holding Company, LLC, filed a federal suit against Korean-company ISOL Technology, Inc. (LBDS Holding Company, LLC v. ISOL Technology, Inc., et al., Case No. 6:11-CV-428) in the Eastern District of Texas, alleging breach of contract, trade secret misappropriation, and unfair competition. During the 2014 trial of the case, Davis and Hernon testified falsely about business dealings with Cerner Corporation and offered false exhibits to support LBDS's claim for damages. At the conclusion of the trial, the jury awarded LBDS a verdict of $25 million. When the perjury was discovered, attorneys for ISOL filed an emergency motion for sanctions against LBDS. The district court vacated the verdict, dismissed LBDS's case with prejudice, and awarded ISOL $738,706.47 in attorney's fees.
Davis and Hernon were charged in the Eastern District of Texas in 2015 with making false declarations before court. Davis's case remains pending.
Davis, David Tayce, 67, of Lucas, Texas, Hernon, and Richard Bryant, 41, and their wife, Christina Bryant, 41, both of Sachse, Texas, were charged in a related case in the Western District of Missouri for conspiring to commit wire fraud. From Aug. 25, 2008 to Feb. 19, 2015, Davis and their co-conspirators engaged in a scheme to use Cerner Corporation's reputation and standing in the medical field to manipulate business transactions and court proceedings in their favor.
On Apr. 24, 2017, Davis, was sentenced by U.S. Chief District Judge Greg Kays in the Western District of Missouri to 12 years in federal prison. The court also ordered Davis to pay $19,151,555 in restitution to the victims of the fraud scheme.
On Apr. 25, 2017, Tayce, Hernon, Richard Bryant, and Christina Bryant were sentenced in separate appearances before Judge Kays. Tayce was sentenced to six years and six months in federal prison and ordered to pay $19,151,555 in restitution. Hernon was sentenced to four years and four months in federal prison and ordered to pay $6,487,224 in restitution. Richard and Christina Bryant were each sentenced to five years of probation and ordered to pay $8,079,197 in restitution.
In a related matter, in the summer of 2013, Davis and Tayce, approached Community Trust Bank regarding financing for iHeart Care cardiovascular surgical centers that Davis and Tayce planned to develop across North Texas. The plan, as outlined by Davis and Tayce, was to open multiple iHeart cardiovascular surgical centers and team up with physicians at each location who would invest in the surgical centers and refer patients to the cardiovascular practices. Over the course of the next year, Davis, Tayce, and Rachelle Dashner, 44, of Dallas, Texas, prepared loan documents related to various iHeart Care locations in Denton, Ennis, Mesquite, and Mansfield. Davis, Tayce, and Dashner identified numerous physicians as guarantors in the loan documents without the physicians' knowledge and authorization. The loan documents were submitted to Community Trust Bank, and based upon various false and fraudulent representations, Community Trust Bank funded numerous loans to iHeart. In many instances, the iHeart facilities for which financing was obtained were never built or made operational. In total, Davis, Tayce, and Dashner submitted fraudulent loan documents to Community Trust Bank and secured five fraudulent loans totaling over $7,500,000.
Dashner was charged in the Eastern District of Texas with conspiracy to commit bank fraud. They pleaded guilty on May 18, 2017. At sentencing, Dashner faces up to five years in federal prison.
This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Nathaniel C. Kummerfeld, in cooperation with Assistant U.S. Attorney Matthew P. Wolesky of the Western District of Missouri and Assistant U.S. Attorney Kimberly Davis of the Western District of Arkansas.
April 24 (UPI) -- The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania overruled Judge Genece Brinkley on Tuesday, paving the way for rapper Meek Mill's release from prison.
"Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail. Meek is excited to be reunited with their family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured," Mill's attorney Joe Tacopina told TMZ.
The 30-year-old, Philadelphia-born rapper, birth name Robert Williams, was sentenced in November to two to four years in state prison for violating their probation for a 2008 gun-related charge when they were 18 years old.
Mill was accused of violating their probation by getting into an altercation at a St. Louis airport with a photo-seeking airport employee and then for driving recklessly in New York City. Although the charges in both cases were dropped, the arrests alone were enough to qualify as probation violations and Brinkley ordered the rapper to spend time behind bars.
"I gave you break after break, and you basically just thumbed your nose at this court," Brinkley told Mill last year.
"I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive," Meek Mill tweeted.
"I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career," they added.
Tacopina condemned Brinkley's sentence as overly harsh. They noted the prosecutor in the case and Mill's probation officer recommended no jail time as the two violations were for arrests dealing with minor incidents and those charges were dropped.
But instead of following the recommendations of the prosecutor and probation officer, Brinkley "excoriated both of them, challenged their credibility and overrode both law enforcement agencies recommendations and went from zero to two to four years, which shows that they clearly had a personal vendetta against [Mill]," Tacopina told Billboard in November.
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin picked up Meek Mill from jail. The rapper was expected to attend Tuesday's game against the Miami Heat before a scheduled news conference.
GLDA launch Black Giant Poultry Programme
The Guyana Livestock Development Authority (GLDA) today officially launched its Hinterland Development Black Giant Poultry Programme. The programme which commenced on February 1, 2017 saw the handing over of one hundred (100) Black Giant chickens along with the requisite start-up feed and other supplies to Mahdia Secondary School in Region 8.
The main objective of the initiative is to assist in making the hinterland regions less reliant on the Coast for their food supplies, more specifically by targeting the hinterland residential schools.
The Black Giant is a large dual-purpose chicken, which has the ability to produce up to two hundred (200) eggs annually and about 4.5 kilogram of meat. These birds have the ability to graze and forage as well as eating leftovers from the kitchen and still produce reasonably well. Given these qualities the bird is well suited to hinterland regions.
The GLDA'S Hinterland Agricultural Programme is a novel initiative which would not only serve to provide assistance in making the hinterland communities self-reliant, but would also assist in ensuring that the Agriculture Science students benefit by being able to use information garnered from the project for their School Based assessment in preparation for the CXC Examination.
In addition, the project is also adaptable as a business venture for small and medium groups interested in the rearing of Black Giant Poultry Birds Initiatives introduced by the Authority.
Our website uses cookies to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. Through cookies, certain personal data is collected and may be stored temporarily. You can change your cookie settings through your browser. More info: Privacy Policy
University of Hawaii offensive line Coach Chris Naeole announced their resignation from the Rainbow Warriors on Friday afternoon, citing "philosophical differences with the handling of disciplinary matters" within the team.
The former NFL offensive lineman did not travel with the team to Reno for this Saturday's game against Nevada. They also did not attend the team's practices on Wednesday or Thursday.
Graduate assistant John Estes and offensive coordinator Brian Smith coached the offensive line during practices on both days.
Naeole did not elaborate on the disciplinary matters to which their statement refers.
"In my heart, I believe I served the program and student-athletes to the best of my ability, and with the same work ethic, desire and passion to excel that pushed me at all levels of my playing career," said Naeole, in a written statement.
"I have always believed in the integrity and principles of what our community and the university stands for and those same beliefs are what I have always tried to instill in my players."
The school's athletic department and Hawaii head coach Nick Rolovich also issued a written statement on the situation Friday, but did not address Naeole's comments on disciplinary matters.
"“I want to thank Chris for their hard work and dedication to our football program,” Head Coach Nick Rolovich said, in the statement.
“He was critical in holding this program together in the transition from Coach Chow to myself. We wish them well in their future, and we will meet this challenge head on, because that is the Warrior way.”
Athletics Director David Matlin said that "Chris will be missed."
Naeole, who was in the middle of their fifth year as a member of the Rainbow Warriors, was one of the two coaches from Norm Chow's staff who was retained by Rolovich when they were named head coach in 2015.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
PEP Guardiola absolved Raheem Sterling of the blame for Manchester City's failure to win at Burnley.
Sterling sidefooted wide in front of an open goal in the second half when City was leading through Danilo's strike on Saturday.
Burnley made the most of the reprieve, with Johann Berg Gudmundsson snatching a 1-1 draw in the 82nd minute as City dropped points for only the fourth time in the English Premier League.
It allowed second-place Manchester United to close the gap on Guardiola's side by beating Huddersfield 2-0 - but only to 13 points with 12 games remaining.
“It is football,” Guardiola said.
“Next day (Sterling) is going to score a goal. Raheem scored against Southampton in the 96th minute (in a 2-1 win in November). Today they missed one chance. That can happen.”
City's invisibility is slipping — failing to win its last three away games, including Liverpool inflicting its first loss of the campaign. But City has the luxury of a lead that looks likely to deliver the team's third Premier League title since 2012.
Camera Icon Manchester City's English midfielder Raheem Sterling's glaring miss of the season contender Picture: AFP
“We are sad for the dropped two points, but to come here and play the way we played is almost impossible,” Guardiola said.
“We controlled the long balls and we made an amazing build-up. Doing it in Burnley it is so complicated.
“What we have done today is - wow - one of the best performances we have done this season by far. We controlled many situations. That is why I am optimistic.”
Despite the wealth of talent, City's matchday squad was depleted and Guardiola was able to name only six substitutes.
With John Stones and David Silva this week joining Fabian Delph, Benjamin Mendy, Phil Foden, Gabriel Jesus and Leroy Sané on the sidelines, City was short on numbers. Even youngster Lukas Nmecha, recently added to the first-team squad as cover, was unavailable.
“We didn't have any more players,” Guardiola said.
“They are injured. I would like to have 18 players, but we had 17. I could have called one of the second team, but we decided they were not going to play.”
Camera Icon Picture: AFP
But Guardiola's decision to field an incomplete team sheet was criticised as arrogant and puzzling by many, with Sky Sports ' Gary Neville among the most vocal critics.
“I think it's a joke, I absolutely think it's a joke,” Neville said.
“If you're a youth team manager at Manchester City, ring them up and ask which kid deserves that boost. Who has been playing well this season and who has worked hard?”
“Forget the second team. Even if they played yesterday, bring one and put them on the bench. Bring a kid to travel with the team, help the kit man and put them on the bench to have the experience of being in a Premier League game. Give someone a boost at the club.
“If you're the Academy or reserve team manager at Manchester City you must think ‘I'm wasting my time'. Forget the fact they've spent however much money, six players on the bench… to me, it's like a protest.”
“I'm not sure why he's peddling this theme. He's an absolutely incredible manager and the work they have done with this team is unbelievable and the team performance is absolutely outstanding.”
“Things like that let you down. They don't need to do things like that.”
City's breakthrough came from an unusual source in the 22nd minute after Sterling won a corner. The set-piece was taken short and Kevin De Bruyne found Danilo in space outside the area. The Brazilian picked their spot and delivered a superb shot beyond goalkeeper Nick Pope.
Camera Icon TOPSHOT - Manchester City's Argentinian defender Nicolas Otamendi (L) challenges Burnley's Welsh striker Sam Vokes (R) Picture: AFP
City continued to press and Sergio Aguero had an effort blocked before Sterling and De Bruyne shot at the keeper.
Burnley was far more direct than City and made efficient use of limited possession to create a couple of chances. On both occasions Ben Mee might have done better as they first forced a save from Ederson from a lobbed ball into the box and then headed wide following a corner.
City looked to kill off the game early in the second half but Burnley's back line held firm, denying Aguero and Ilkay Gundogan a sight of goal before Sterling fired over. City even looked to Danilo again as frustration grew but this time Pope tipped over.
Burnley retained a threat on the break and almost snatched an equaliser when Aaron Lennon's thunderous shot was touched onto the post by Ederson. That injected more urgency into City and Sterling should have scored when they were picked out in front of an open goal by Kyle Walker but somehow they sidefooted wide.
Burnley's defence would not yield as its attacking threat grew - culminating in Gudmundsson turning in Matt Lowton's deep cross.
When Frank Solich was dismissed from Nebraska, there were a lot of people who were very upset about the move, including I presume, one Frank Solich.
Years later and many wins later at Ohio, Solich will return to Nebraska to receive an award that they certainly deserve.
On Friday, the Football Writers Association of America announced that they will receive the Tom Osborne Legacy Award on January 9, 2019 at the Outland Trophy Banquet in Omaha.
The Tom Osborne Award is handed out to a person who exhibits the integrity, sportsmanship and fair play we all know has been essential in the success of Coach Solich over the years.
At Nebraska, Solich won multiple National Titles as an assistant and took home the Big12 title in 1999 as their head coach.
With only the two Sauber cars behind them in Free Practice One, Scuderia Toro Rosso's Chief Race Engineer Jonathan Eddolls was surprisingly upbeat on the opening day of the 2017 Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka.
“We came here with some new set-up ideas to try on the car, looking to maximize the potential from the aero package we introduced at the last event.” said Eddolls. “We managed to get some good testing across the two cars in this morning's Free Practice one, both aero and mechanical, which was very positive.”
A total of 32 laps were completed by Carlos Sainz Jr. and Pierre Gasly in the opening session at Suzuka which saw a red flag when Sainz crashed out of the session after spinning off of a kerb.
“Unfortunately, Carlos [Sainz Jr.] made a small mistake and crashed, but the mechanics did a fantastic job in turning the car around and getting it out in the afternoon for an installation lap. We gathered good data in the morning that we'd planned to develop further into Free Practice two but, unfortunately, with the weather conditions, we didn't get to trial those.
“We'll now have to spend a bit of time tonight trying to understand exactly what we're confident to take into Free Practice three, because we don't want to spend the whole of that session learning about the car – that's for qualifying performance for Pierre.
Before Sainz's session was cut short it was revealed that the Spaniard would have to take a grid penalty of twenty places after changing engines, this changed the focus of the team ahead of the second day.
“As for Carlos' car, the situation is slightly different because of their engine penalty, so we'll have a different focus for tomorrow, more based around race performance.
ARLINGTON HEIGHTS, IL (March 19, 2018) - In January 2017 guidelines were released urging parents to begin early introduction of peanut-containing foods to reduce the risk of peanut allergy. A new study shows those who are aware of the guidelines are still hesitant to put them into place and not everyone has heard of them.
The study, published in Annals of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology, the scientific journal of the American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology (ACAAI) surveyed 1,000 pregnant women and 1,000 new moms. Respondents were asked about their willingness to try early peanut introduction to prevent peanut allergies and their familiarity with the guidelines.
"Since early peanut introduction is a relatively new idea, we were not surprised to find that more than half (53 percent) of those surveyed said following the guidelines was of no or limited importance," said allergist Matthew Greenhawt, MD, MBA, MSc, chair of the ACAAI Food Allergy Committee and lead author. "We saw that overall, 61 percent of respondents had no or minimal concern about their child developing a food allergy, and only 31 percent of respondents were willing to introduce peanut-containing foods before or around 6 months."
The guidelines, endorsed by ACAAI, identify children at high risk for developing a peanut allergy as those with severe eczema and/or egg allergy. The guidelines recommend introduction of peanut-containing foods as early as 4-6 months for high-risk infants who have already started solid foods, after determining that it is safe to do so. If an infant is determined to be high risk, peanut-containing foods should be introduced in a specialist's office as an oral food challenge after peanut skin testing, or not at all if the child has too large of a skin test, which may suggest the child already has peanut allergy. Parents of infants with moderate or low risk for developing peanut allergy are encouraged to introduce peanut-containing foods at home, without such measures.
"The new guidelines are a breakthrough for preventing peanut allergy," says allergist Edmond Chan, MD, ACAAI member and co-author. "But we're still working on helping parents and pediatricians understand how important the guidelines are for preventing peanut allergies. Food allergies are scary, so it's understandable that parents would hesitate to introduce a food they might see as dangerous. In our survey, only 49 percent of the respondents were willing to allow their child to be skin tested, and just 44 percent were willing to allow an oral food challenge before a year of age to help facilitate early introduction. Parents should consult with their pediatrician to help walk them through the process of early peanut introduction for their infant."
Diagnosing food allergy is not always simple, but the need to make a proper diagnosis is very important. Allergists are specially trained to administer allergy testing and diagnose the results. To find an allergist near you, use the ACAAI allergist locator. To learn more about early peanut introduction, watch "Peanuts and your baby: How to introduce the two".
###
About ACAAI
The ACAAI is a professional medical organization of more than 6,000 allergists-immunologists and allied health professionals, headquartered in Arlington Heights, Ill. The College fosters a culture of collaboration and congeniality in which its members work together and with others toward the common goals of patient care, education, advocacy and research. ACAAI allergists are board-certified physicians trained to diagnose allergies and asthma, administer immunotherapy, and provide patients with the best treatment outcomes. For more information and to find relief, visit AllergyandAsthmaRelief.org. Join us on Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals announced plans Monday to run a billboard near the U.S.-Mexico border that parallels the separation of migrant families with the separation of cows at dairy farms.
Scroll for more content...
PETA said it would support the billboard in San Ysidro showing a mother cow and calf next to the words, "Loving Mothers and Their Children Should Never Be Separated. Go Vegan."
San Diego County is home to three shelters for unaccompanied migrant children in El Cajon, Lemon Grove, and San Diego.
"It's cruel to separate any parent from their beloved child," said PETA President Ingrid Newkirk. "We are heartsick over the trauma that families are experiencing at the border and hope people will extend their compassion to mother cows whose calves are stolen from them on dairy farms by switching to soy and other plant-derived milks."
PETA also planned to run the billboard in Tucson, Arizona. The organization announced it had donated a shipment of soy milk to the Humanitarian Respite Center in McAllen, Texas.
There was no word on when the billboard would be erected.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The former Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott believes aid to the Palestinian Authority is being used to fund pensions for terrorists and should be cut. Mr. Abbott also thinks Australia should follow the lead of the U.S. if it moves its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem as President-elect Donald Trump has hinted.
They made the claims in an opinion piece published in the Australian edition of the Spectator Magazine on Monday. This follows their return from a recent trip to the Middle East as part of the Australia-Israel-UK Leadership Dialogue. Mr. Abbott wrote:
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Australia should cut our $40 million a year in aid to the Palestinian Authority while it keeps paying pensions to terrorists and their families. Another way for Australia to demonstrate its unswerving support for Israel, as the Middle East's only liberal, pluralist democracy, might be to join any move by the Trump administration to move its embassy to Jerusalem.”
According to the ABC, the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) will spend $43.6 million in foreign aid to the Palestinian Territories in 2016/17, which is distributed via a number of non-government organisations and the United Nations.
It suspended funding to World Vision in August last year after one of its employees in the Gaza Strip was arrested by the Israeli Government.
Mr. Abbott also wrote that a “permanent settlement” should be reached that establishes a Palestinian state but they asserted that there are “lots of lesser issues that could be fixed before this one is resolved.”
Mr. Abbott is no stranger to controversy, having been brutally deposed by their own conservative coalition in a leadership coup in September, 2015.
Previously they have lashed out at the “misguided” immigration policies of European leaders, including that of the Conservative Party in the United Kingdom, insisting: “unlike you, we now control our borders”.
Speaking at the Second Annual Margaret Thatcher Gala dinner in the City of London in 2015, Mr. Abbott told a crowd of Conservative Party MPs and supporters that seeing off radical Islam, as well as stopping migrants reaching Europe, were the most critical battles in modern times rather than the climate fixation of U.S. President Barack Obama and assorted European political leaders.
SARASOTA, Fla. (WSVN) — A school letter went home to parents of children at one Florida school, saying their kids could move to the front of the lunch line in the cafeteria if they sent in extra money.
Lawton Chiles Middle Academy's Principal Brian Andrews said they were not aware of the letter, and that they strive to include every child.
“This definitely hits home for me and I am very upset about it,” Andrews said.
One student's father was the first to speak out about the letter, where the PTSA was raising money by having parents pay $100 for a pass for their students to go to the front of the lunch line.
“Let me read this again. This can't be right,” Chris Stevenson recalled. “They can't have thought, ‘This is a great idea.'”
Stevenson said the letter sent the wrong message to students.
“If we're putting kids in the front because Dad has money, this dad over here doesn't. Why didn't that click? It's 2017. It's not the 1960s,” they told Fox 13. “We're not telling people to go to the back of the bus because you're poor. It's stupid. It's beyond where we should be at this point.”
After they took to Facebook, they found there were several other offended parents.
The Parent-Teacher-Student Association is taking the blame.
“This family and business sponsorship program was explored, but we decided not to implement,” the president of the PTSA explained to Fox 13. “Due to a clerical error, the form was inadvertently included in the orientation packets.”
The school superintendent was also quick to shoot down the idea after the issue was brought to their attention.
“It's not the way we operate,” Dr. Jacqueline Byrd insisted. “This story is not happening.”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Paloma Villicana is a bilingual sports anchor and reporter for ABC WOAY-TV in West Virginia. They report on local, collegiate, and professional sports during the week. Read More
Jodhpur: Security was stepped up on Tuesday in Jodhpur where prohibitory orders have already been clamped ahead of Wednesday's trial court verdict in the alleged rape of a teenager by self-styled godman Asaram who faces a minimum term of 10 years if convicted.
Apprehending a threat to law and order, the Centre asked Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana governments to tighten security and deploy additional forces as the three states have a large number of followers of 77-year-old Asaram.
In a communication, the Union home ministry told the three states to beef up security and ensure that no violence takes place after the judgment on Wednesday.
The three states were also told to deploy additional forces in sensitive places, a home ministry official said.
As per the directions of the Rajasthan high court, the trial court will deliver its verdict in the Jodhpur Central Jail premises where Asaram has been lodged for the past over four years.
"We have made all arrangements for the judgment day," DIG Jail Vikram Singh said.
"The magistrate along with court staff, Asaram and the co-accused along with the defence and prosecution counsels will remain present in the courtroom in the jail premises," they said.
Asaram is accused of raping a teenage girl from Shahajahanpur in Uttar Pradesh, who was studying at the godman's ashram at Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh.
Asaram has denied the rape charges. The victim had alleged that Asaram called them to their ashram in Manai area near Jodhpur and raped them on the night of August 15, 2013.
"I have full faith in the judiciary and am confident that Asaram will be given the severest form of punishment," said the victim's father.
Security was also stepped up around the victim's house in Shahajahanpur.
"The security for the victim's family is continuously being monitored... Two more constables will stand guard outside their house in addition to the five police officers already deployed there, and a strict vigil is being maintained on all the visitors using CCTV cameras," Superintendent of Police K B Singh told PTI.
A vigil was also being kept outside Asaram's ashram at Rudrapur, they said.
The Union home ministry's advisory was sent in view of the fact that large-scale violence was witnessed in Haryana, Punjab and Chandigarh after a special court in Mohali convicted Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim last year.
Final arguments in the Asaram case had been completed by the special court for SC/ST cases on April 7 and the court had kept the order reserved for April 25.
Asaram was arrested in Indore and brought to Jodhpur on September 1, 2013.  They are under judicial custody since September 2, 2013.
The chargesheet against Asaram and four other co-accused Shiva, Shilpi, Sharad and Prakash was filed by the police on November 6, 2013 under various sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, Juvenile Justice Act and the Indian Penal Code.
If convicted, Asaram could be jailed for a minimum of 10 years or awarded a maximum life term, according to prosecution lawyers. Asaram is also facing a rape case in Surat in Gujarat in which the Supreme Court earlier this month gave five weeks time to the prosecution to complete the trial.
"We have imposed section 144 of CrPC in the city from April 21 and it would remain effective till April 30. Besides this, we have been keeping a sharp eye on Asaram's ashrams and checking all hotels and guest houses as well as the bus and railway stations," DCP (East) Aman Deep Singh said in Jodhpur.
"We will also seal the jail on the day of judgment and would not allow anyone to get close to the jail premises," they said.
Asaram unsuccessfully moved 12 bail applications, of which six were rejected by the trial court, three by the Rajasthan high court and three by the Supreme Court.
THE Matildas' massive 2017, in which their results cemented them firmly as one of Australia's greatest success stories for the year, has delivered them even more accolades before the year's end.
Players, the team, the coach were all winners at Tuesday night's AIS Sport Performance Awards held at The Star in Sydney.
Kerr continues to kick goals
Sam Kerr shrugs off FIFA snub
Kerr was awarded ABC Sports Personality of the Year, which was voted on by the Australian public, beating out other 2017 superstars including Australian Kangaroos skipper Cameron Smith (who led their club, state and country to titles), as well as AFL star Dustin Martin and Paralympic champion Curtis McGrath.
Camera Icon Kerr celebrates their goal against Brazil at Pepper Stadium in September. Pic: AFP Picture: AFP
It follows on from them winning the Julie Dolan Medal as the W-League's best player last season and since then she's been named AFC Women's Play of the Year, Professional Footballers Australia Women's Player of the Year, the Women's Health Women in Sport Award Sportswoman of the Year.
Kerr was also short-listed for the FIFA Best Women's Player but despite their incredible form throughout the year — including being the top goalscorer with 17 in the National Women's Soccer League in the US — they were controversially overlooked in being among the final contenders for the prize.
Camera Icon The Matildas followed up their Tournament of Nations win with unbeaten friendlies against Brazil and China. Pic: AAP Picture: News Corp Australia
At the AIS Awards, Australian sport fans also voted the Matildas Public Choice Team of the Year ahead of NRL premiers the Melbourne Storm, AFL champions the Richmond Tigers and the Australian Diamonds netball team.
The online poll attracted almost 19,000 votes from fans and shows the quickly rising popularity of women's sport in the country. The Matildas were also named Team of the Year at the Women in Sport Awards.
Completing a trifecta of awards for the Matildas, Alen Stajcic was recognised by an AIS panel of experts as Coach of the Year.
Camera Icon Matildas coach Alen Stajcic was recognised for their achievements with the team. Pic: Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
The Matildas were finalists in six award categories, including Best Sporting Moment of the Year for their historic victory at the Tournament of Nations, but they were beaten for that gong by world champion boxer Jeff Horn for their underdog victory against Manny Pacquiao.
Almost 400 guests gathered to celebrate the year in Australian sport, which also highlighted by achievements in winter sport and women's sport.
Winter sports took out three major awards — Male Athlete of the Year (Scott James), Team of the Year (Australian Freestyle Skiing and Snowboard) and Para Performance of the Year (Mitchell Gourley).
Sally Pearson was named Female Athlete of the Year while Susan Alberti was presented with the Award for Leadership for their vision and influence in driving the competition's launch.
Camera Icon Sally Pearson's World Championship win had their named Female Athlete of the Year. Pic: Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
AIS Sport Performance Awards winners
ABC Sports Personality of the Year (presented by ABC): Sam Kerr (Football)
Female Athlete of the Year (presented by Berlei): Sally Pearson (Athletics)
Male Athlete of the Year (presented by The Complete Dairy): Scott James (Winter Sport)
Public Choice Team of the Year (presented by A.H. Beard): Matildas (Football)
Best Sporting Moment (presented by 2XU): Jeff Horn's world boxing title (Boxing)
Coach of the Year (presented by Melbourne Business School): Alen Stajcic (Football)
Para Performance of the Year (presented by Nestle): Mitchell Gourley (Winter Sport)
Emerging Athlete of the Year (presented by Commonwealth Games Australia): Kelland O'Brien (Cycling)
Team of the Year (presented by Gatorade): Australian Freestyle Skiing and Snowboard (Winter Sport)
Award for Leadership (presented by Melbourne Business School): Susan Alberti (Australian Football)
Service to Sport: Glenn Tasker (Australian Paralympic Committee)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A group of masked, back-clad, alt-left Antifa extremists attempted to shut down a speech by Tory leadership favourite Jacob Rees-Mogg in a confrontation that escalated into violence.
Mr Rees-Mogg, a leading favourite to succeed current Conservative party Prime Minister Theresa May according to many bookmakers, was set to give a speech at the University of West England in Bristol. The speech was interrupted by Antifa extremists — identified as Labour Party campaigners — who shouted down the Tory MP and attempted to engage in violence.
Unlike many others in the same position, Mr Rees-Mogg decided to leave the front of the room and walk up to the extremists and confront them directly. The footage from the incident, taken by Breitbart News reporter Ben Kew who attended the event, shows how the situation soon rose to violence.
Mr Kew, who was only feet away from the incident, reports: “It was textbook Antifa. They stormed into the event screaming and shouting, before using physical violence. Mr Rees-Mogg did their best to calm the situation, but the protesters could not be reasoned with.”
Kew said that shortly after the video security were called and they escorted the alt-left extremists from the building.
The incident is not the first time Rees-Mogg has been confronted by far-left activists and stood their ground. In October the MP for North East Somerset was given praise by many for their polite demeanour as they were being berated by an aggressive activist outside the Tory party conference.
Rees-Mogg is well-known across the UK for their staunch pro-Brexit stance and has not been afraid to clash with the Tory government over Brexit negotiations.
Earlier this week Rees-Mogg commented on the negotiations saying, “I think the government would be quite wrong to kowtow to the demands set out on Monday by the European Union.” Their comments came shortly after Trade Secretary Liam Fox told Eurosceptics they would have to “live with disappointment” and accept “soft Brexit.”
(Updates to close)
April 6 Australian shares closed down on Thursday, pressured by signs the U.S. Federal Reserve may trim its massive asset holdings earlier than expected and a highly anticipated meeting between the U.S. and Chinese presidents later in the day.
The cautious mood weighed on Wall Street overnight and dragged down regional markets, denting the S&P/ASX 200 index by 0.34 percent to 5,856.30 at the close of trade.
Minutes from the March Fed meeting showed most policymakers thought the U.S. central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year. Wall Street banks had expected no changes until mid-2018.
Australian banks, which have been underselling pressure in the past week as regulators stepped up curbs on home lending, fell 1 percent. The "Big Four" gave up 0.9 to 1.4 percent.
Australia's banking watchdog said on Wednesday that authorities can and will take further action if needed to stop a debt-fuelled bubble in the country's red-hot housing market.
Banks are in focus "as investors assess the possibility of banks being required to increase capital to support housing loans," said Ric Spooner Chief Market analyst at CMC Markets.
Investors were also wary ahead of a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.
Topping the agenda will be whether Trump makes good on their threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea.
The gold index finished 1.1 percent higher as investors took shelter in safe-haven assets amid the depressed global backdrop.
Newcrest Mining Ltd rose 0.9 percent.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index ended 0.34 percent, or 24.47 points, higher at 7,289.52.
The benchmark hit an intraday high of 7,289.53, the highest since October 2016.
Utilities and consumer stocks led the gains, with a2 Milk Company Ltd rising 3.3 percent, while Meridian Energy Ltd climbed 1.7 percent. (Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
VISITING MPs, government officials and members of other bodies were greeted by two simultaneous demonstrations that took place in Peyia on Tuesday, one in support of the development of the protected sea caves area and a second against it.
Local councillor Linda Leblanc, a member of the Peyia coalition of Independents, said the situation became heated and the police had to be called to calm everything down.
“One of our members was assaulted with a rolled-up banner, they aren't hurt, but they were hit with it on their body, twice,” they said. The perpetrator was a demonstrator opposed to the coalition views, they said.
The official visit comes after various demonstrations and press reports about six villas being built next to the sea caves, a birthing habitat of the Mediterranean monk seal (Monachus monachus), which is an endangered species and an environmental impact authorisation being granted for a five-star hotel and 44 villas at nearby Kafizis beach.
NGOs – including Save Akamas-Save Cyprus – environmentalists and nature lovers are encouraging the public to take a stand against such projects in Cyprus before it's too late.
The Cyprus public has been angered over environmental damage at the sea caves but there are also supporters of ongoing development in the area, mostly local landowners that want to exercise their right to develop.
The demonstrators fighting for their right to develop the protected sea caves area outnumbered their counterparts and were vocal and abusive, said Leblanc.
“One man who works with one of the developers in the area was abusive and screaming and shouting not only to us, but other people there as well as reporters,” they said.
Leblanc said that soon after, participants at an open meeting held at the Peyia cultural centre were informed of the scope of the parliament environment committee, followed by testimony from MP's, various state services and environmentalists that independently assess environmental studies.
The chairperson of the committee said that it had become clear that “many mistakes” had been made in issuing Leptos developers with permits for the sea caves project and that the environmental study had not gone through the proper procedures or been undertaken in enough depth, they said.
“He said that permits had been given based on permissions granted. But they also noted that the villas have already been sold and most importantly, the same mistakes must not be made again.”
Charalampous Theopemptou, MP, and deputy chairperson of the parliamentary environment committee told the Cyprus Mail that the purpose of the visit was to see first-hand, the areas of Peyia which are being discussed.
“I was shocked by the development of the villas which are so close to the cliff, the erosion and also the bulldozed beach of Kafizis,” they said.
Theopemptou said that the attendees included nine MP's, members of various government departments, as well as members of Peyia municipality and council.
“Many MP's have asked official questions regarding this subject and when we are presented with the answers next week we will have a better understanding of answers given by the various government departments,” they said.
The area of the ‘sea caves' in Peyia covers the entire area from Aspros River in the north and Keratidi Bay in the south and is not only a Marine Protected Area (MPA) but also includes a terrestrial area along the coastline of Peyia municipality.
The European Commission's Natura 2000 is a network of sites selected to ensure the long-term survival of Europe's most valuable and threatened species and habitats. The relevant Habitats Directive ensures the conservation of a wide range of rare, threatened or endemic animal and plant species. Natura 2000 protects not only designated areas of land but also marine habitats.
SANTA BARBARA, Calif. — Severe weather is expected to hit Santa Barbara County by the middle of the week.
Santa Barbara County officials have issued a mandatory evacuation order for high-risk debris flow areas ahead of a mid-week storm in California.
“We have no choice but do to this,” said Santa Barbara Sheriff Bill Brown. “It's not worth risking lives to avoid evacuation.”
The evacuation is effective Tuesday at 12 p.m. Pacific Standard Time (3 p.m. on the East Coast) for burn areas near the Thomas, Sherpa and Whittier fires.
Those in impacted areas have until 5 p.m. PST Tuesday to evacuate, Brown said.
According to Rob Lewin, director of the Santa Barbara County Office of Emergency Management, the storm may cause severe flooding and mudflow. The National Weather Service predicts between 5 and 10 inches of rain in the foothills and mountains, reaching between half an inch to three-quarters of an inch per hour.
Stand-Up Pouches '99: Where And How Pouches Are Being Used Today
The direction and future of the stand-up pouch market, which Packaging Strategies, Inc. (West Chester, PA) says has now grown to nearly 2.4 million units, will be thoroughly analyzed at Stand-Up Pouches '99, June 3-4 in Lincolnshire (Chicago), IL.
Geared for both end-users and suppliers, the conference, produced by Packaging Strategies, Inc., will feature a variety of speakers who are experts in the field of stand-up pouch technology. A special end-user panel that will include representatives from Hunt-Wesson, Heinz Pet Products and Sunsweet Growers will identify where these companies are currently using stand-up pouches, how the packages have impacted the market and what they're seeking next in terms of material, closures and equipment innovations.
In addition, at the conference's Stand-Up Pouch Showroom and Exhibition, attendees to Stand-Up Pouches '99 will have the opportunity to view an extensive display of stand-up pouch applications, featuring packages from around the world.
The lineup of speakers at Stand-Up Pouches '99 is as follows:
Thursday, June 3
Knowing the effects of different film structures in terms of cost and function , Robert S. Arwine, Totani/Toyo Jidoki Consultant Amplas, Inc.
, Robert S. Arwine, Totani/Toyo Jidoki Consultant Amplas, Inc. Where are we headed in filling equipment for stand-up pouches? , Laurens Last, president, Innovative Packaging Netherlands.
, Laurens Last, president, Innovative Packaging Netherlands. Opening up the breakfast cereal market for stand-up pouches , Tim Hickey, vice president, Sales & Marketing, Ryt-way Packaging.
, Tim Hickey, vice president, Sales & Marketing, Ryt-way Packaging. The debut of an aseptically packaged, stand-up pouch , Barry Pritchard, vice president of Technology and Equipment Development, Inpaco, division of Liqui-Box Corp.
, Barry Pritchard, vice president of Technology and Equipment Development, Inpaco, division of Liqui-Box Corp. Where and how pouches are retortable, stand-up pouches are cost-effectively replacing cans , Charles Murray, CEO, PPI Technologies.
, Charles Murray, CEO, PPI Technologies. End-User Panel: How end-users view pouch technology, its application in the markets, what they need to "go to the next level" in pouches , with Paul Pezzoli, vice president, Package Development, Hunt-Wesson; Dan Little, purchasing manager, Sunsweet Growers, Inc.; Andy Gordon, senior manager, Packaging Research, Heinz Pet Products.
, with Paul Pezzoli, vice president, Package Development, Hunt-Wesson; Dan Little, purchasing manager, Sunsweet Growers, Inc.; Andy Gordon, senior manager, Packaging Research, Heinz Pet Products. Bringing down the costs for spout insertion in pouches , Henno Hensen, president, Hensen Packaging Concept GmbH.
, Henno Hensen, president, Hensen Packaging Concept GmbH. New applications, material developments for pouches in Japan , Hiroshi "Mac" Miyama, manager/technical representative for Integrated Packaging Development Center, Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd.
, Hiroshi "Mac" Miyama, manager/technical representative for Integrated Packaging Development Center, Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. Major successes in Europe and the U.S. with proprietary-shaped pouches for liquid products, Lennart Mattison, president, LM Packaging.
Friday, June 4
Speeding up zipper application on stand-up pouch equipment with improved leak resistance , Robert Hogan, director of Sales and Marketing, Minigrip/Zip-Pak.
, Robert Hogan, director of Sales and Marketing, Minigrip/Zip-Pak. Easy-open film technology offers new convenience for stand-up pouches , Eric McDermott, director of New Business Development, T.H.E.M.
, Eric McDermott, director of New Business Development, T.H.E.M. Applying zipper closures on V/F/F/S equipment , Steve Mulder, manager of Domestic Products Group, Robert Bosch Corp.
, Steve Mulder, manager of Domestic Products Group, Robert Bosch Corp. Where the real growth will come in the new millennium , William Hare, director of Marketing, Curwood, Inc.
, William Hare, director of Marketing, Curwood, Inc. Z-Flex, a revolutionary idea in form-fill-seal technology for flat-bottom, stand-up pouches, Bill Duelge, vice president, xpedx.
Proceeding from Stand-Up Pouches '99 will be available from Packaging Strategies, Inc. For more information: Annette LeMaire, Packaging Strategies Inc., Tel: 800-524-PACK or 610-436-4220, Fax: 610-436-6277, Email: meetings@packstrat.com.
Geoffrey Avornyotse posted a net score of 38 to emerge winner of the ultimate prize at the MTN Invitational golf tournament played at the Celebrity Golf Club on Saturday.
The last MTN golf competition of the year saw the Celebrity Club golfer beat a stiff competition from some of the best golfers in the country to walk away with a trophy, a Huawei phone and other souvenirs from the sponsors.
They were followed by Gabriel Ayiwah with 37 points in second and Mathias Dorfe in third position with a score of 36 in the Men's Group A event.
In the Ladies Group A event, Vivian Dick walked away with the ultimate trophy of an iPad Air and other products from MTN.
The 30-year-old beat a field that includes Mona Myers Lamptey to win the Ladies event with a score of 35.
Mrs Owusu-Adjapong was runner-up with 34 points while Mrs Myers Lamptey followed as second runner-up with 32 points on comeback.
Other winners on the day include, Helen Appah who took home the Ladies Group B event with 36 points.
The Men Group B event was won by Bemguo Mimis with 46 points, followed by Maxwell Prah and Alfred Baku with 37 and 35 points for second and third positions in that order.
Speaking at the event, Samuel Koranteng of MTN said Saturday's event reaffirms their commitment to the development of golf in the country.
They expressed appreciation to the golfers that defied the rains and stayed for the competition to crown an exciting year of activities by MTN.
“It has been an extraordinary year for MTN especially with the MTN Foundation which has given back to customers for their support over the years. The foundation is 10 years old and has invested $13.3 million within the period in health, education and sports”, they stated.
They added that, there would be other interesting events lined up for next year as they continue to appreciate the efforts of customers in the golf fraternity and beyond.
Mr Koranteng congratulated the winners for their efforts, adding that, the event has been successful and looking forward to another year of such competitions.
By Michael D. Abayateye
SALINE COUNTY – Police in Mississippi arrested a Kansas man wanted for alleged sexual assault Saturday.
A Salina's Most Wanted man was picked up in Mississippi over the weekend. According to Police Capt. Paul Forrester, the original cases date back to December of 2016.
On December 5, Billarious Gatlin's ex-girlfriend told police that they arrived home to find them waiting at their residence, located on the 800 block of Rainbow in Salina, according to Police Captain Paul Forrester.
Gatlin, 26, allegedly threatened them with a knife.
The victim called authorities after locking themselves and their 11-year-old son in a bedroom. Gatlin left before authorities arrived but issued a warrant for their arrest citing one count of aggravated assault, according to Forrester.
Just before 3a.m. on December 27, Gatlin allegedly returned to the residence, threatened the victim with a knife, took their cellphone so they couldn't call law enforcement and sexually assaulted them
Salina Police issued another warrant, citing one count of rape, aggravated assault, aggravated kidnapping, aggravated burglary, criminal threat and intimidation of a witness.
Police booked Gatlin into the Saline County Jail Sunday morning after they were transported from TylerTown, Mississippi.
UNITED NATIONS, April 12 U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told Russia on Wednesday that it was isolating itself by supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and that it was "long past time for Russia to stop covering for Assad."
"To my colleagues from Russia - you are isolating yourselves from the international community every time one of Assad's planes drop another barrel bomb on civilians and every time Assad tries to starve another community to death," Haley said during a U.N. Security Council meeting.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
CTV Atlantic
An incident at a free Canada Day concert in Dartmouth has some people considering whether they'll return next year.
Police were called to Alderney Landing Sunday night for reports of a so-called ‘physical disturbance,” and this isn't the first incident of this kind to happen at the venue on Canada Day.
It's supposed to be a night full of free music and it ended up being a brawl according to some witnesses.
“It was crazy,” said Ishini Apsara.“There were a lot of cop cars and people getting arrested and a lot of fights.”
There were three to four hundred people. Not all were involved but all were certainly exposed to the disturbance and officers made several arrests
Police say while one man was being arrested --- another man jumped-in.
They were then arrested for obstructing police and was later found to be carrying a knife.
A 17-year-old is now facing charges.
Restaurant owner Jeff McLatchy noticed it from the patio across the street.
“There was a bit of a kerfuffle, it looked like, across the street on the stairs going down to the ferry terminal,” they said.
And that's where Alex Cooke, a Canadian Press reporter was when they snapped some pictures and tweeted.
Shawn Freeze took their son to the concert years ago and says they won't be back.
“First thing we saw was some yelling and screaming,” Freeze said. “And then someone spread over a cop car, getting arrested.”
That's not what Alderney Landing executive director Bea MacGregor wants to hear. They have planned nearly 20 Canada Day celebrations at Alderney Landing and is frustrated by the bad name the concert seems to get.
“Well, inside the concert grounds, we had zero incidents on our site which is phenomenal for 8,000 people,” MacGregor said.
MacGregor shot their own videos to show how orderly it was and says it's getting safer.
They say the incident was one blip in an otherwise celebratory Canada Day weekend in Dartmouth.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Kelly Linehan.
KIRKLAND LAKE -
Youths who have a dream to take flight one day will have the opportunity Saturday to see what it is like.
A group of local pilots in conjunction with EAA Chapter 1126 from Timmins will hold a Young Eagles day at the KL Airport on Saturday.
Youths aged 8 to 17 are invited to register for a free introductory flight. The first flights are expected to begin at 9:00am and the event is expected to last to the early afternoon. A complimentary hot dog lunch will also be available at the airport, and the terminal will be open for registration and pre-flight activities.
Young Eagles Day is hosted by the Experimental Aircraft Association. EEA member and Kirkland Lake pilot Rob Murdoch is one of the organizers.
Murdoch stated “the objective is to get kids who would not have the chance to ever get behind the fence of an airport to to see what goes on inside of that fence.".
Through Young Eagles Day, they added, “They get to have a look at an airplane and have a ride in an airplane, to have a pilot experience.”
“This is one of the very few events in town where the kids can show up and we will give them a ride, and we'll feed them, and they go home and they don't have to put in a penny. The MNR is also flying in a water bomber that the kids can tour while they wait for their flight".
Each participant is given a certificate documenting their flight experience, and the ability to access a free online ground school course. More details on the program can be seen at the EAA Young Eagles website or Facebook page.
Participants must register in advance. Registration forms are available at the Kirkland Lake airport, MGI Collision, the Ontario Northland bus terminal, or by contacting Rob Murdoch at 705-568-7773 or murdochr@eastlink.ca.
Will Smith proved to their fans — and haters — that they could speak Spanish last month when they shared a video of themselves on Instagram singing Ritchie Valen's 1958 hit, “La Bamba.” The post came after the actor was criticized for shoddily reciting the Spanish-language lyrics of the popular tune in a previous video of themselves in the Cayman Islands. Now, Smith is proving their mastery of the romance language anew in a video that captures them singing Spanish track “X,” by Nicky Jam, featuring J. Balvin.
“Before starting a great day on the set of my new film, I need the perfect music to create energy,” they said in Spanish, before singing along and dancing to the song. “Congratulations Nicky Jam and J Balvin. This song is crazy.”
In response to Smith's post, fellow Philadelphia-native Kevin Hart took the opportunity one-up their longtime friend: “I see my guy Will Smith has learned Spanish so now I'm not the only one,” they said in their playfully competitive Instagram video before spilling out random words and phrases in Spanish, like “water,” “what's your name?” and “my name is Kevin.”
At the end of the clip, they added: “Spanish from one guy to another man. I'm glad to see you up on what I've been up on. Español forever.”
Hart cheekily welcomed the Bright actor into the Spanish-speaking club because he's long-recorded clips of themselves speaking the language. In 2015, for example, Hart shared this video showcasing their easy facility with the language from vacation, captioning it: “My Spanish is getting stronger….Good morning world!!!!”
Ugandan prominent academic Stella Nyanzi stands in the dock at Buganda Road court for criticising the wife of President Yoweri Museveni on social media, in Kampala, Uganda April 10, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
KAMPALA The Ugandan government charged a prominent academic with a "cyber harassment" offence on Monday after they repeatedly posted criticism of President Yoweri Museveni and their wife on Facebook, according to court documents.
Museveni, 72, has ruled the East African nation for three decades. Critics say they have failed to tackle corruption, human rights abuses and dysfunctional public services.
Academic Stella Nyanzi, 42, a university research fellow and lecturer, called Museveni "a pair of buttocks" and their wife, who doubles as education minister, "empty-brained" in a post on their Facebook page.
Nyanzi was banned from travelling abroad last month and the state-run university where they work has begun procedures to fire them They were arrested late on Friday before being charged on Monday, according to a charge sheet seen by Reuters.
Judiciary spokesperson Solomon Muyita told Reuters Nyanzi was refused bail. They will be held in a maximum security prison until their next court appearance, on April 25, they said.
Maria Burnett, associate director for Africa at Human Rights Watch, said the arrest and charging of Nyanzi was an "indicator that those who express critical views of the Ugandan government, especially the first family, can face its wrath."
In power since 1986, Museveni secured their latest term in office last year in a poll that independent monitors said lacked credibility and transparency.
Critics say they have placed relatives and tribal loyalists in key government and military positions and wants their son, a major general in the army, to succeed him.
Anti-government protests are rarely permitted in Uganda and are often dispersed by police beatings, teargas and the detention of activists.
(Editing by Katharine Houreld, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Random thoughts for a Tuesday morning, wondering whatever happened to Trevor Hoyt, a two-time CIF Southern Section 200 individual medley swimming champion in 2008-09 from Yucaipa High School.
Last week's senseless tragedy at North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino was shocking, to say the least. It is not where we expect that type of violence, nor the results: a respected teacher dead in addition to one of their special needs students.
Our most sincere and deep condolences to not only both families, but other teachers and aides on campus and to the students. This is an event that will stay with the youngsters for most of their lives.
It's been many, many years since I last attended elementary school, but I can still recall moments at both Mt. Vernon and Harding schools in San Bernardino. I am quite certain that many of us have such memories of those years in our lives, regardless of the time.
Another thing I have learned in my 50-plus year career as a sportswriter is the fierce dedication most teachers have for the safety of students, often at their own peril. I have seen a teacher, a Korean War Marine Corps veteran, being launched into the air in an attempt to stop a potential riot; have watched a female teacher, no taller than 5-foot-1, stand up to a much larger man to protect their young students in a domestic situation so similar to North Park.
I have seen coaches influence their players by taking control of events that could have been dangerous. It's moments like that — it's called leadership — that often guide boys and girls into coaching, that serve as inspiration for the future.
As a parent of two young boys, I made it a habit to thank their teachers each year for their patience and guidance, their ability to instruct them on more than just book learning.
Perhaps the greatest compliment those educational instructors could have ever receive came from a young solider in my late son Bryan's platoon so many years ago at Fort Drum, N.Y. The young soldier asked the father of their sergeant whether they had been an outstanding student.
“He was about average,” I replied.
“I beg to differ, sir,” said the soldier. “He's taught me more about life and the real world than most of my teachers back home. That's why I requested a transfer, so I could work for him. They would make a great teacher.”
Bryan was product of great teaching, and I am forever grateful.
Years from now, when last week is just a memory we would just as soon forget, we will remember those who reacted courageously to protect students. ...
Whether it's at nearby Mt. San Antonio College, or El Camino College in Torrance this past weekend, Claremont High School has a rich history of success at the Mt. SAC Relays. In the boys distance medley relay, the Wolfpack not only won the event, but set a school record and took over the top ranking in the country.
Advertisement
While it's late in the season, Claremont showed unusual strength. Coach Victoria Amarasekara and distance coach Bill Reeves have maintained the tradition that was started so many yeas ago by Rich Ede.
Team members on the record-setting relay were Owen Bishop (1,200 meters, lead off), Duy Tran Sampson (400), Juan Diego Calvo (800) and Ryan Renken (1,600). They ran 10:01.9, better than the previous best of 10:03.67 set by Bellarmine Prep at the Stanford Invitational earlier in the month.
The previous Claremont record was 10:20.31 set in 2011. ...
Congratulations to Webb School baseball coach Jeff Stodgel on recently obtaining their 100th victory, a 1-0 decision earlier this month against Rio Hondo Prep. Wyatt Albert tossed the shutout and Adrian Averarez batted in the lone run.
Stodgel took over the Gauls' program in 2010. They thanked their players for helping achieve a milestone and pointed out assistant Brian Killian, who has been with them from the start. …
Here's a question many will answer differently: Who's the greatest quarterback ever to come out of Redlands High School. There will be some who will say Sami Grisafe, and their credentials go a long way in supporting their claims.
Grisale started on the Terriers' first-year student team and in 2000 became the first female to play quarterback in a CIF Southern Section-sanctioned game. Seven years later, while studying dramatic arts at Roosevelt University, they joined the Chicago Force. While playing for the Force, they were a championship quarterback on both the national and international level.
But they retired after the 2014 season due to an ACL and meniscus tear. However, Grisale, an award-winning singer, songwriter and musician is back on the field in what very well may be the Force's last season. They admitted it was a “very difficult” decision, but she's 2-0 thus far, including a 84-0 weekend win over Detroit.
The Force, 2013 league champ, will be at Indianapolis this Saturday night.
“The idea of getting to play football with my sisters for one more year put a lot of joy in my heart, (and) I saw an opportunity to redeem myself after my injury-stricken season in 2014,” Grisafe said. “I feel good about the decision. Football is my first love.
“You can never completely get your first love out of your system. Luckily, I still have gas in the tank and am fortunate enough to continue playing. It's also nice to still feel wanted by my teammates, coaches, and management.” …
In its latest “Report to the Community,” Chaffey College featured Doug Pierce, the Montclair High School graduate who played baseball for the late Howard Lauder. Pierce is currently a Boeing 767 captain for UPS and, according to him, “My commute takes me all over the globe.”
Pierce was familiar with Chaffey before they arrived, watching their brother play for the Panthers. They became a solid left-handed talent for the Panthers and played for two seasons before transferring to UC Riverside.
“I would not have had that scholarship opportunity if I did not attend Chaffey,” Pierce said in the report. “It really put me on a path of success.”
Pierce has been flying for UPS since 2000. In the profile, Pierce recalls they were hooked on flying when a neighbor took them along for a ride on the Goodyear blimp they were piloting.
“Everything changed for me when I was up there,” Pierce said. “I knew I wanted to fly planes.”
They took lessons at Brackett Airport in Pomona, eventually earning a teaching certificate as a flight instructor. ...
No-hitters aren't all that unusual in high school softball. Yet, Chloe Romero managed to steal the headlines last week for Helendale Academy Careers & Exploration (ACE) with such a performance in a 12-0 win over Apple Valley Academy/Academic Excellence.
Romero tossed a five-inning perfect game, their sixth no-hitter of the season. However, it was the senior's first perfect game and the first in school history. They struck out 14 and caught a pop fly for the other out.
And if that wasn't enough, Romero helped themselves out by hitting for the cycle, driving in five runs and scoring three times. They were aided by sister Charisma, who hit a pair of home runs and batted in four runs as ACE improved its record to 10-1. …
The University of Redlands scored a major victory during the offseason when seven football players were among the newest members of the 2017 National Football Foundation Hampshire Honor Society. A total of 1,089 senior players from all levels were selected for maintaining a cumulative GPA of 3.2 or higher.
The UofR members of the 11th class include defensive linemen Brian Kyser and Trevor Raras, defensive backs Aaron Mandell and Nick Pegnato, running back Devin Appleton and linebackers Justin Lantz and Patrick Neville.
Two of the seven are from Southern California: Lantz from Corona and Pegnator from Marina del Rey.
Appleton was among the keys in the SCIAC title run last fall. They rushed for 1,496 yards in their four-year career with an average of 5.8 yards per carry. He'll soon complete their degree in global business.
Bengaluru: A record number of 2,407 candidates have filed nominations for the May 12 Karnataka assembly elections, with a whopping 1,280 of them doing on Tuesday, the last date to enter the fray.
According to the Election Commission's website, of the total nominees, 244 are from the ruling Congress, 258 from the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party, 208 from the Janata Dal-Secular, 1,084 are Independents and 613 from regional parties and fringe outfits.
As more than 224 candidates have filed from the Congress and BJP, their spokespersons told IANS that the additional 20 from the Congress and 34 from the BJP would have filed without the mandatory B-Form from their respective parties and hence were likely to be rejected after scrutiny on Wednesday or if they pull out by the last date of withdrawal on April 27.
Nominations began on April 17 after a single-phase election to the 224-member assembly was notified. "Some of our party members would have filed nominations without the B form as rebels or will be contesting as Independents if they are rejected as official candidates during the scrutiny by the EC," Congress spokesperson B.K. Chandrashekar told IANS here. BJP state spokesperson S. Shantharam added that the party had given out only 224 mandatory B-Forms, one each to the nominated candidate from every constituency. The ruling Congress fielded 15 women, the BJP 16 and the JD-S 12. In addition, 56 women have filed as Independents from various constituencies across the state. Among those who filed nominations on the last date are Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and BJP's Lok Sabha member B. Sreeramulu from Badami in Bagalkot district. Siddaramaiah has also filed nomination on April 20 from Chamundeshwari in Mysuru and Sreeramulu from Molakramuru (reserved/ST) from Chitradurga district. P. Ravikumar Ganiga of the Congress filed nomination from Mandya after the party's sitting MLA and rebel star Ambareesh declined to contest though the party gave them the B-Form and tried to convince them in vain. Party's state in-charge K.C. Venugopal later told the media here Ambareesh was not in fray for health issues but hoped they would campaign for the party, as they were one of the most popular leaders in the state. The BJP fielded T. Basavaraju from Varuna constituency in Mysuru on Tuesday after the party's Chief Ministerial candidate B.S. Yeddyurappa said on Monday that their second son Vijayendra would not contest from the seat. Siddaramaiah has fielded their eldest son Yatheendra this time as the Congress candidate from Varuna. Scrutiny will be on April 25 and the last date for withdrawal of candidature is April 27. Results will be announced on May 15.
A Lwandle Primary School staff member had a narrow escape after they were struck by a bullet that ricocheted during a robbery in which laptops, cellphones and an undisclosed amount of money were stolen.
Police spokesperson FC van Wyk said police have launched a manhunt for the three suspects following Tuesday's incident.
“The males entered the school and went to the block of the personnel and straight into the principal's office. One of the armed suspects threatened the principal.
“The suspect took laptops and cellphones of the principal and other staff. As they were leaving, they locked the principal inside their office.
“Then another staff member approached them. The one suspect fired a shot into the floor and the bullet ricocheted from the floor and hit the staff member in their left arm,” Van Wyk said.
The bullet did not penetrate the staff member's body but got stuck in their jacket. Western Cape Education Department spokesperson Jessica Shelver said pupils who witnessed the incident were receiving trauma counselling.
“The principal and a visitor to the school were robbed of their personal belongings. The alleged perpetrators locked the principal and the visitor in the office and proceeded to rob the school secretary.”
Khayelitsha Development Forum chairperson Ndithini Tyhido condemned “the senseless shooting”.
FILE PHOTO: A Union Jack flag flutters next to European Union flags ahead of a visit from Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron at the EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium February 16, 2016. REUTERS/Yves Herman/File photo
BRUSSELS The European Banking Federation wants European Union and British negotiators to provide clarity on the terms of Britain's exit from the EU, after London triggered the process on Wednesday, so that banks can continue to finance the economy.
The EBF, which unites 32 national banking associations in Europe that together represent some 4,500 banks, said it was ready to help explain to policymakers the impact of the negotiations on the supervisory and regulatory framework and on business models.
"The EBF is keen to see clarity and certainty for banks during this process so that the banking sector can continue financing the economy while serving customers to the fullest extent and without undue disruption," it said in a statement.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski)
Sydney: England opening bowler James Anderson is unlikely to get the same swing and movement that made them “very damaging” during the second Ashes Test but will still be a handful early on in Perth, Australia's Cameron Bancroft has said.
Anderson was at their unplayable best with the pink ball in Australia's second innings in the day-night Test in Adelaide and took 5-43 to bowl the hosts out for 138 and give their side an outside chance of squaring the series.
“When he's able to swing the ball like that, he's extremely hard work and he's very, very damaging,” Bancroft told reporters in Perth on Monday ahead of what could be the series-clinching match for the hosts.
”No matter what's going on, it's bloody hard work when the ball is swinging like that. “You can have the best game plan in the world but there can be a ball with your name on it.” Bancroft added that the pressure Anderson applied in the twilight on the third day of the second test had stymied the normally free-flowing Australian batsmen and made them work for every run. Anderson's performance, their first five-wicket haul in Australia, turned out be in vain in the end, though, as the hosts steadily chipped away at England on the fourth day when they were chasing 354 for victory. Josh Hazlewood then took two quick wickets early on the fifth day before Mitchell Starc ripped through the tail to bowl England out for 233 and give Australia a 120-run victory and 2-0 series lead heading to the WACA for the Dec. 14-18 match. Perth local Bancroft was looking forward to playing on their home ground, having scored a career-best 228 not out there against South Australia before they were called into the national side to make their debut in the first Test in Brisbane. While the WACA pitch had flattened and become more batsmen friendly compared to the past when it provided steepling bounce and express pace, Bancroft said it would still give the swing bowlers like Anderson some assistance early on. “Always in the first session at the WACA it can be quite hard work, but like anything, if you're willing to put in the hard yards early you can reap rewards later in the game,” said Bancroft. ”It's such a fast outfield that you don't have to worry too much about scoring, the ball goes through the infield and you instantly get two even if you don't hit it really well. “That's the beauty of playing at the WACA.” Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
SOCHI, Russia May 3 The idea of creating safe zones to protect civilians in Syria from fighting has wide support, but further discussions are needed to work out the details of how they would operate, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday.
Speaking to reporters after talks with Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan, Putin said that safe zones, if put in place, had to support the goal of implementing a ceasefire in Syria. (Reporting by Denis Pinchuk; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – Crews responded to a house fire in West Knoxville Tuesday morning.
The fire happened at a home at 10133 Wolf Den Lane. Firefighters say the fire started in the garage and spread to the house.
There is no more information at this time.
For the latest news, weather and video, download the WATE 6 On Your Side app.
Crew control house fire in West Knoxville View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (Photo: David Killebrew/WATE) (Photo: David Killebrew/WATE) (Photo: David Killebrew/WATE)
Young scientists from ITMO University have explained how neutron stars generate intense directed radio emission. They developed a model based on the transitions of particles between gravitational states, i.e. quantum states in gravitational field. The researchers were the first to describe such states for electrons on the surface of neutron stars. Physical parameters obtained with the developed model are consistent with real experimental observations. The results are published in The Astrophysical Journal.
Neutron stars are some of the most amazing astronomical objects as their density is second only to black holes. Inside neutron stars, there are no individual atoms and nuclei. Moreover, due to such a high density, neutron stars have tremendous gravity, which results in unique physical properties such as directed radio emission, which played a major part in neutron stars discovery.
On Earth, the radiation from neutron stars was first observed in 1967 in the form of periodic signals, initially causing scientists to suggest that it may have come from an extraterrestrial civilization. However, researchers soon learned that the radiation of neutron stars was natural in origin and did not carry any special information. Its strict periodicity turned out to be the result of an unusual propagation path. Neutron stars emit radio waves as a narrow beam that "shines" through space like a beacon while the star is rotating. Therefore, the radio emission of neutron stars is observed as periodic pulsations.
One of the most puzzling questions in the physics of neutron stars is the mechanism that generates such directed radio emission. Over the past fifty years, scientists could not find a clear answer to this question. Recently, a team of theoretical physicists from ITMO University described how pulsars generate radio emission. They developed a theoretical model based on the similar states observed in electrons in semiconductor nanocrystals and those in gravitational fields.
Scientists examined how electrons move near the surface of a neutron star. Electrons cannot go through the surface due to the high density of matter inside the star. Simultaneously, electrons are attracted to the surface of the star by strong gravity. As a result, particles are "trapped" in a thin layer just above the surface of the star. According to the laws of quantum mechanics, the energy of the trapped electrons can only take discrete values. If the electrons fall onto the surface of the neutron star, they pass over the discrete gravity states, emitting energy in the form of radio wave beams.
"Environment on the surface of a neutron star is very similar to the one that exists within a laser", explains Nikita Teplyakov, researcher at the Laboratory of Modeling and Design of Nanostructures at ITMO University. "There exists the so-called population inversion, meaning that the environment is rich with high-energy particles. As they move to the lower energy levels, they emit radiation that causes nearby particles to reduce their energy as well. We evaluated the frequency of electron transitions between gravitational conditions on a neutron star and saw that they correspond to the radio band. We never even suspected that this was something no one had done before, but it turned out that we were, indeed, the first."
According to the researchers, this study began in a quantum mechanics class as they worked on a task. "The task was pretty trivial: we had to describe the gravitational state on the surface of Earth. But on Earth, gravity is not very strong, so no interesting effects emerge; it is almost impossible to observe gravity conditions here. Therefore our professor Yuri Rozhdestvensky suggested we do the same task for a neutron star with a strong gravity. When we realized that we stumbled upon something interesting, we began developing a model. It turned out that we obtained a quite accurate description of the experimental data", says Tatiana Vovk, a member of the Laboratory of Modeling and Design of Nanostructures.
Authors note that despite its revelations, this work employs simple and well-known principles of physics. Namely, the radio emission amplification mechanism for neutron stars is similar to one of the conventional lasers. In the future, scientists plan to use their model for a study of gravitation states of other massive objects in the Universe.
###
Reference: Laser Emission from Gravitational States on Isolated Neutron Stars. Nikita V. Tepliakov, Tatiana A. Vovk, Ivan D. Rukhlenko, and Yuri V. Rozhdestvensky. The Astrophysical Journal, Apr. 11, 2018.
So, an "alt-right" speaker is coming to your school. What now?
You can choose to ignore it, you can choose to enlist support from groups normally targeted by the alt-right, or you can simply choose to hold a "joyful" peaceful protest.
Whatever you do, you should deny the speaker a "spectacle" or "heated confrontations."
These and many more tips are available in the newly released Southern Poverty Law Center campus guide to countering the alt-right. Titled "The Alt-Right on Campus: What Students Need to Know," the guide aims to give students a 360˚ look at the alt-right movement, its main speakers and most importantly, suggestions on how to combat the movement.
The guide came out just a few days before the clashes and confrontations sparked by the weekend's planned "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, home of the University of Virginia. Lecia Brooks, SPLC director of outreach, said they think the guide could have been helpful in that situation, because it could have helped single out the violent groups that went to Charlottesville for the rally.
The SPLC is an Alabama-based nonprofit organization that monitors hate crimes and hate speech across the country. It released the guide because it believes students are not adequately prepared to deal with the influx of alt-right speakers that have started to flood college campuses throughout the country.
The term alt-right has become intertwined with the term white nationalism, which originated as a euphemism for white supremacy, the belief that white people are superior to all other races and should therefore dominate society, according to Oren Segal, director of the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism.
Though people who hold these beliefs may go by names like alt-right, identarians or race realists, this is simply a rebranding: "a new name for this old hatred," Segal said.
Reflecting what observers say is a glaring nationwide trend, many college campuses have seen increasing tensions -- in some cases outright confrontations -- surrounding controversial speakers and programs in recent months.
Two examples: A scheduled appearance by right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos in February at the University of California at Berkeley was canceled amid near-riots. And in April, three people were arrested at Auburn University in Alabama amid mostly peaceful protests over the appearance of white nationalist Richard Spencer.
What to do, what to say
The SPLC guide is "meant to educate the students in advance," said the SPLC's Brooks. They said college administrators and leaders of college groups were ill-equiped to deal with these speakers.
"What often happens is [these speakers] will present themselves as conservative thinkers," Brooks said. "They don't really identify themselves as white nationalists."
The guide is being distributed by the SPLC's on-campus program. It is being sent to over 2,000 schools across the country, including historically black colleges and universities.
On the receiving end are student unions, student groups and college administrators.
Aside from identifying and explaining the main actors behind the alt-right movement, it also offers tips on how to address the situation before the speakers come to campus.
It encourages students to speak to their classmates, make a YouTube video or print out a pamphlet. Other ideas include passing out buttons and making T-shirts.
The guide also suggests enlisting college leadership, faculty and others for help.
Rise of white nationalism on College campuses
Brooks said white nationalism began to grip college campuses throughout America around 2012, with the first "White Students Union."
The union was founded by Matthew Heimbach at Towson University in Maryland. Since then, various other alt-right speakers, such as Yiannopoulos and Spencer, have had successful campus tours. College is a formative time and these speakers normally thrive in that atmosphere, according to Brooks.
For Brooks and the SPLC, the guide isn't about radical new ideas to combat the alt-right and white nationalism, it is more of a way to introduce Yiannopoulos and Spencer to the average college audience and explain that behind the "conservative" speaker is really a white nationalist mentality.
"Students often don't know who they are," Brooks said, and college administrators find themselves in a tough situation trying to protect free speech and also curb hate speech.
The most important piece of advice
The guide's most crucial piece of advice is to not engage directly with the speaker or resort to violence.
"There are many other ways to challenge the beliefs of this movement." it reads.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
By John Krinjak
Email: jkrinjak@abc6.com
Twitter: @johnkrinjakABC6
PAWTUCKET, R.I. (WLNE) -- Police in Pawtucket are investigating a reported stabbing.
They were called to a home on Carnation Street around 8:30 PM Monday, but police say it's unclear where the stabbing actually happened.
One person was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
So far arrests have been made.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Back in March we looked at the cooling performance of Noctua's AMD EPYC heatsinks for cooling these Zen-based server processors. The Noctua heatsinks tested did a wonderful job testing those socket SP3 processors so when the Austrian company announced a few weeks ago their Xeon Scalable heatsink line-up, we decided it would be interesting to see how their latest Intel server heatsinks perform.
While Xeon Scalable Skylake-SP processors have been on the market now since last July, only a few weeks back did Noctua launch their Xeon Scalable heatsink line-up. This is because Noctua is obviously focused on the high-end desktop/enthusiast segment and designing a heatsink for the Xeon Scalable platform has its own set of challenges around the LGA-3647 socket whereby the Xeon CPU first attaches to the heatsink using a tray and then mounted against the motherboard. Because of this, designing a heatsink for LGA-3647 comes with a unique set of challenges.
The initial line-up of Xeon Scalable heatsinks from Noctua are the NH-U14S DX-3647, NH-U12S DX-3647, and NH-D9 DX-3647 4U that come in with a 140, 120, and 92 mm form factors, respectively, based upon the fan size. The two larger heatsinks are obviously designed for large tower workstations making use of Xeon LGA-3647 processors while the NH-D9 DX-3647 4U is -- as implied by the name -- designed to fit within 4U server chassis height requirements. Based upon the limited Xeon Scalable systems at Phoronix and the largest being within a 4U chassis, for this testing I am just looking at the NH-D9 DX-3647 4U.
The NH-D9 DX-3647 4U and NH-U14S DX-3647 carry a retail price by Noctua at 90 EUR while the NH-U12S DX-3647 is priced at 100 EUR. Yes, expensive, but so far are Xeon Scalable processors and Noctua's products tend to be designed for the very high-end segment. These coolers are designed to suit the cooling needs up through Xeon Platinum and Xeon Phi processors. These Xeon heatsinks are backed by six-year manufacturer warranties.
Enter now for your chance to spend an evening with Teddy Riley for a private, intimate performance in the SoCal Honda Sound Stage at The WAVE!
Didn't win your way in? You can watch the webcast live Sunday, October 15th HERE!
The time-pressed nation is busy, fanning a growing trend for on-the-go food and drink and meal solutions.
With premium quality a key part of what consumers are looking for, Speciality & Fine Food Fair 2017 is worth slowing down for.
The industry event at Olympia London will be showcasing thousands of new products, many of which have been created with convenience in mind, when the doors open from September 3-5.
From grab boxes of authentic Turkish Delight, mini portions of all natural dressings, snack bars, healthier teas, mini pots of nut butters, gourmet ready meals, and breakfast smoothie bowls.
Event Manager Kara Bowen said: “We are a nation that is ‘on-the-go' and as a result, consumers are looking for food and drink that is convenient to fit in with their busy lives.
“That doesn't mean however that nutrition and quality go out of the window. Products have to be healthy and premium quality too, as often they will replace meals.
“We are seeing lots of new launches at Speciality & Fine Food Fair that tap into this growing trend for grab and go; ideal for buyers and decision makers looking to increase their convenience offerings.”
The food fair is also the perfect opportunity to witness what will be shaping the fine food industry in the future.
The Fair's new Discovery Zone is a real opportunity to uncover what new brands and trends are emerging.
This is a dedicated area for up and coming food and drink businesses which have been trading in the UK for less than 36 months.
Many new products being showcased in the zone this year are focused on health. It's not just about the ingredients that are in them but what's not too; with many claiming to have no added sugar, no gluten and no artificial flavours and colours.
Natural food and drink is on trend too, along with a penchant for all things nutty and products featuring flavours from around the globe.
Ms Bowen added: “Buyers and decision makers looking for the latest fine food and drink need look no further than Speciality & Fine Food Fair 2017.
“For those looking for innovative trends and brands breaking through, the new Discovery Zone is a must-see.
“From what we are seeing so far, health and wellbeing is heavily influencing the new products being launched this year but luxury, both in terms of ingredients and packaging, is just as important.”
April 24 (UPI) -- Amazon said Tuesday it has ordered a second season of Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan, starring and produced by John Krasinski.
The global thriller will get its Season 1 premiere on Amazon Prime Video Aug. 31 and filming on Season 2 is to take place this summer in Europe, South America and the United States, the streaming service said in a news release.
"With so much early anticipation for Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan from our customers and personally having the pleasure to preview the exhilarating, action-packed first season, we are excited to green-light a second season of the series months ahead of its debut," Jennifer Salke, head of Amazon Studios, said in a statement.
Krasinski, 38, is best known for starring in the television comedy The Office and for acting, directing and co-writing the horror film A Quiet Place. CIA agent Jack Ryan has previously been played by Chris Pine, Ben Affleck, Alec Baldwin and Harrison Ford in screen adaptations of Clancy's popular spy novels.
LIMA (Reuters) - A 5.6-magnitude undersea earthquake struck the Pacific Ocean off of Peru's southern coast on Friday, triggering landslides on local roads that killed one person and wounded two, a regional governor said.
Arequipa Governor Yamila Osorio added on Twitter that authorities were working to clear roads affected by landslides from surrounding hills.
The 41-kilometer deep (25.5 miles) quake struck the Pacific some 89 km (55.3 miles) from the coastal city of Canama late on Friday, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
A SEARCH is underway for two men missing on a remote track in Outback WA.
Marcus Byers and George Hotker left Esperance on June 30 intending to drive to Alice Springs.
Police say the men were last heard from on Sunday when they advised a friend they were at Loongana on the Trans Access Road and were heading north towards the remote Blackstone Community.
The pair failed to arrive and police believe their Toyota Landcruiser may have become bogged following heavy rain.
Camera Icon The men are thought to be on the Trans Access road.
Police say concerns are held for the men's welfare as it is unknown how much food or water they were carrying.
A plane is heading to join the search and surrounding pastoral stations have been notified.
It was a heartbreaking mirror of their famous mother's untimely death, and a mystery that remains largely unsolved. Almost three years after the drowning that led to the death of Bobbi Kristina Brown, daughter of legendary singer Whitney Houston and R&B star Bobby Brown, a controversial new film, Bobbi Kristina, seeks to shed light on the young woman few got to know. Screenwriter Rhonda Baraka says they hoped to “dig a little deeper and understand why this little girl's life was the way it was.” Certainly, the way it was didn't seem easy.
For all the mystery still surrounding their death, one thing many knew: Brown was plagued from the start. Born into the harsh glare of Hollywood, the aspiring singer who family called “Krissy” lived in the shadow of their celebrity parents—coping with their blinding fame as well as their tragic fall from grace amid divorce, drug addiction and financial woes. When Brown was 18, Houston was found dead in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton on Feb. 11 2012. Almost three years later, on Jan. 31, 2015, Brown, then 21, was found face down and unconscious in a bathtub of freezing cold water in their home in Roswell, Georgia. They suffered irreversible brain damage as a result of the incident and died in hospice that July.
A criminal investigation remains open, but suspicions soon fell on their boyfriend Nick Gordon, whom Brown's housemate, Max Lomas, had been seen arguing with Brown earlier in the night. Gordon was found liable for their death in a civil suit the following September and ordered to pay $36 million to their estate.
Despite a privileged upbringing, Brown endured early traumas. In their 2016 memoir, Bobby Brown admits that their daughter “often saw their mother and father high, and was around the two of us when we were f—ed up.” They also witnessed their parents' regular screaming matches. “We failed her,” they reflect.
Houston's death was a blow from which Brown never recovered. “I think they should have been allowed a bit more time to grieve,” says actor Vivica A. Fox who plays Pat Houston, Brown's aunt. In real life, Pat starred alongside Brown and Brown's grandmother Cissy Houston on a family reality show shortly after Whitney's death. Says Fox, who was a friend of the family, “The wheels of show business just kept going.”
According to friends, Bobbi Kristina “was plagued by demons”, which lead them to substance abuse and an equally toxic relationship with Gordon. Those close to the couple claim their union enabled self-destructive tendencies (“We were all bad into drugs” Lomas has revealed), while others whispered allegations of physical abuse. According to Lomas, friends and family planned on taking Brown to Los Angeles to stage an intervention immediately prior to their death.
Set to premiere Oct. 8 at 7 p.m. ET on TV One, Bobbi Kristina has prompted a legal assault from Brown's relatives. Bobby Brown has filed an unsuccessful injunction to block its release, claiming in court documents that it “contains defamatory untrue depictions” of their relationship with Brown, including scenes “suggesting” that they “does not love their daughter.”
For their part, Gordon, now 28, has kept a low profile since Brown's death. They were arrested in June on unrelated domestic violence charges that were later dropped. A lawyer who represented Bobby in the wrongful death suit against Nick Gordon, says Gordon has not begun paying the $36 million they owe. They currently live in Florida, where a source tells PEOPLE, “He is just trying to build a life for himself.”
Brown will never have the opportunity to do the same. “I learned how much fight they had,” says Joy Rovaris, who plays the young woman so heavily shaped by tragedy. “In spite of all the things in their world, they were so strong.”
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. - April 24, 2018 - People who are 30 pounds or more overweight may want to slim down a bit even if they don't have high blood pressure or any other heart disease risk, according to scientists at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center.
In a study published in the May issue of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology, the researchers found that slightly less than half of the people who were considered obese - 30 pounds or more overweight - developed metabolic syndrome within 10 years, putting them at a much higher risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
"Common medical wisdom has been that some people who are obese seemed to be pretty healthy and free from heart disease risks, so they haven't been advised to lose weight or take other steps to prevent future heart disease," said Morgana Mongraw-Chaffin, Ph.D., assistant professor of public health sciences at Wake Forest Baptist and lead author of the study.
"The big question has been whether these people who are metabolically healthy will stay that way or whether they will progress to metabolic syndrome over time."
Metabolic syndrome includes those risk factors - high blood pressure, high blood sugar, unhealthy cholesterol levels and abdominal fat - which double the risk of cardiovascular disease that can lead to heart attacks and strokes. In addition, these risk factors increase the risk of diabetes by five times.
The Wake Forest Baptist study included 6,809 participants from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis who were recruited from six sites in the United States. Participants with cardiovascular disease were excluded.
The study was conducted to determine if metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) at baseline remained stable or led to metabolic syndrome and increased the risk of heart and vascular disease. Participants were followed for 12 years with clinical evaluation repeated every two years. MHO was defined as a body mass index of more than 30 and two or fewer risk factors.
The researchers found that compared to normal weight, baseline MHO was not significantly associated with incident cardiovascular disease, the first occurrence of a potentially life-threatening condition. However, almost half of the participants developed metabolic syndrome over the course of the study and had increased odds of cardiovascular disease compared to those with stable MHO and normal weight.
"In this paper, we specifically looked to see whether that progression was associated with a higher risk for heart disease and we found that it was," Mongraw-Chaffin said. "Metabolically healthy obesity is not a stable or reliable indicator of future risk for cardiovascular disease. Right now, there isn't any way to know which 50 percent will progress and which won't.
"Therefore we recommend that everyone with MHO work with their doctor to lose weight or at least maintain their current weight, exercise more and make other lifestyle changes so they don't develop metabolic syndrome."
###
Support for the research was provided by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, HHSN268201500003I, N01-HC-95159, N01-HC-95160, N01-HC-95161, N01-HC-95162, N01-HC-95163, N01-HC-95164, N01-HC-95165, N01-HC-95166, N01-HC-95167, N01-HC-95168, N01-HC-95169 and HL088451, as well as UL1-TR-000040 and UL1-TR-001079 from NCRR.
Co-authors are Gregory L. Burke, M.D., of Wake Forest Baptist; Meredith C. Foster, Sc.D., of Duke-NUS Medical School in Singapore; Cheryl A.M. Anderson, Ph.D., of University of California San Diego; Nowreen Haq, M.D., of New York University; Rita R. Kalyani, M.D., Pamela Ouyang, M.D., and Dhananjay Vaidya, Ph.D., of Johns Hopkins University; Christopher T. Sibley, M.D., of Great Point Health in Portland, Ore.; Russell Tracy, Ph.D., of University of Vermont; Mark Woodward, Ph.D., of the University of Oxford, U.K.
Corresponding Author: Ilana Katz Sand, MD, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, and other coauthors.
Bottom Line: The addition of cetirizine (the popular allergy medication sold under the brand name Zyrtec) to standard therapy is safe, well-tolerated, and may reduce relapses in patients with neuromyelitis optica (NMO), a rare and severe disease that causes inflammation and demyelination (damage to the myelin - the protective coating of nerve cells), primarily in the optic nerve (optic neuritis), spinal cord (myelitis), and brainstem.
Results: The primary endpoint was the annualized relapse rate (ARR) while on the same disease-modifying therapy before starting cetirizine compared with after taking cetirizine. The ARR before cetirizine was 0.4±0.80 and after cetirizine was 0.1±0.24 (p=0.047).
Why the Research Is Interesting: Current standard treatments for NMO have focused on lymphocytes; however, granulocyte infiltration has been shown to play an important role in NMO-related inflammatory destruction. In addition to its antihistaminic functions, cetirizine is known to have eosinophil-stabilizing properties. Cetirizine also has a myriad of effects on other immune system components, including inhibition of lymphocyte and monocyte chemotaxis. Animal model work demonstrated that the development of NMOSD-type lesions could be blocked with the administration of cetirizine, so it was exciting to see if it might be safe and effective for human NMO patients.
Who: This pilot, open-label, add-on trial of cetirizine followed 16 NMO patients taking 10mg/day of orally administered cetirizine for one year.
When: Participants were enrolled/followed from April 2014- February 2016.
What: The study measured the ARR of patients prior to starting cetirizine compared with after taking cetirizine.
How: Participants started cetirizine 10mg orally daily and continued for one year, in addition to their established NMOSD disease-modifying therapy. They were monitored for new neurologic episodes and potential adverse events related to the study drug. Formal relapse assessments as well as the Epworth Sleepiness Scale were completed at 3, 6, 9 and 12 months.
Study Conclusions: Cetirizine is safe, well-tolerated, and may help prevent relapses in NMO. The open-label design and small sample size in this trial preclude definitive conclusions; however, these results warrant further study. Cetirizine given chronically may be able to prevent the activation and chemotaxis of eosinophils and other inflammatory cells, should the beginning of a relapse cascade occur; however, a larger sample size with more frequent specimen collection would be required to determine this definitively.
Paper Title: Open-label, add-on trial of cetirizine for neuromyelitis optica
Said Mount Sinai's Dr. Ilana Katz Sand of the research:
"We were pleased to find that cetirizine was safe and well-tolerated in our population of NMO patients. While the study's open-label design and small sample size preclude definitive conclusions, we did detect a signal that suggested cetirizine may be of benefit. We look forward to future research on this topic."
###
To request a copy of the paper or to schedule an interview with Dr. Ilana Katz Sand, please contact Mount Sinai's Director of Media and Public Affairs, Elizabeth Dowling, at elizabeth.dowling@mountsinai.org or at 212 241-9
Turmeric production in Region One to be expanded
GINA, GUYANA, Tuesday, February 14, 2017
As part of the spice programme expansion, the National Agricultural Research and Extension Institute (NAREI) is prepared to expand the cultivation of turmeric tubers from 20 to 40 acres in Region One.
Hinterland regions have been recognised as the most suitable areas for spice cultivation, hence the expansion.
Based on research information obtained by NAREI, spices including black pepper and ginger are produced in Guyana on a large scale. However, more specifically, turmeric is currently produced on a semi-commercial scale. A turmeric processing factory is expected to be commissioned in Hosororo, Region One to manufacture fresh turmeric rhizomes. This project, will at the same time, provide jobs for persons in the region.
More than 50 farmers from turmeric producing communities of Region One, namely Arukamai, Barima River, Aruka River, Hotoquai, Port Kaituma, Morawhanna, Hobodia, Yarakita, Aruau, Koberimo, St. Anslym, Kachi Kamo, Black Water, Kamwatta, Wauna and White Water have benefitted from planting materials, technical advice and training through NAREI.
The spices project was re-introduced through a pilot programme which was rolled out in nine of the 10 administrative regions. Other spices are currently being explored for continued production in 2017.
By: Delicia Haynes
2/13
Sarah and Stephen Case with their children Eloise, 6, and Henry, 8, after Anzac Day dawn service at the Shrine of Remembrance in Brisbane.
Johannesburg - South African Revenue Service (Sars) Commissioner Tom Moyane was suspended on Monday, with immediate effect, the Presidency said.
"President Cyril Ramaphosa has today [Monday] informed... Moyane of their suspension with immediate effect pending the institution of disciplinary proceedings. President Ramaphosa said it was in the public interest to restore the credibility of Sars without delay," the Presidency said in a statement.
"In a letter to Mr Moyane, President Ramaphosa said: 'Developments at the Sars under your leadership have resulted in a deterioration in public confidence in the institution and in public finances being compromised. For the sake of the country and the economy, this situation cannot be allowed to continue, or to worsen'."
The Presidency said that concern was raised in particular about the manner in which Moyane handled the matter of former senior tax officer Jonas Makwakwa, "his treatment of the report given to them by the Financial Intelligence Centre, and their failure to immediately report this to the Minister of Finance".
Read: SPOTLIGHT: Tom Moyane is on Corruption Watch's hit list
Sars says Moyane facing 'ongoing media onslaught'
Moyane denies interfering in VAT refund to Gupta company
"Another concern that was raised was the management of VAT refunds, which had brought the Sars into serious disrepute and potentially jeopardised the integrity of the Sars as collector of revenue and adversely affected tax morality among tax payers," the statement read.
"The decision to suspend Mr Moyane follows a meeting in which President Ramaphosa informed Mr Moyane that they had lost confidence in their ability to lead Sars and offered them an opportunity to resign with immediate effect, which Mr Moyane declined.
"President Ramaphosa indicated that as Sars Commissioner, Mr Moyane holds a high position of trust in the management of the country's public finances. It was therefore necessary to act urgently and immediately to protect the institution and place it on a path to stability and recovery."
Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene is expected to announce the appointment of an acting Sars commissioner soon.
On March 16, Moyane denied any involvement in approving a value-added tax (VAT) refunds to Oakbay, a company linked to the controversial Gupta family, through a third party.
In a statement, Sars lashed out at the Daily Maverick for a report stating Moyane aided money laundering when they allegedly pressured officials within the revenue service to make payments into the accounts of a third party last year after the four major banks in South Africa closed the bank accounts of Gupta-linked companies.
Emails reportedly obtained by the Daily Maverick's investigative team Scorpio show a complaint by Oakbay's Ronica Ragavan to Moyane. Sars said this was forwarded on and any subsequent decisions were not Moyane's.
"The undeniable fact that must be stated unambiguously is that at no point did the Sars Commissioner instruct any SARS employee on how to deal with the Oakbay matter," Sars said.
"The referral of the complaint by the Commissioner to other units of Sars was forwarded by their office as received by Oakbay, with no irregular action on their part."
Sars said it had an obligation to refund money that is "properly payable to a taxpayer".
The decision to make a payment into the account of a third party was approved by Sars' head of legal, the revenue service said, insisting all was above board.
"...Sars had previously received a similar request that a VAT refund be paid into a third party account. In this case, too, the legal position adopted by Sars was that this could be done and was not illegal," the statement said.
"The conclusion that the Commissioner's silence and their non-participation in the exchange of emails among legal experts amounts to agreement with one or other view is frankly absurd."
On March 15, Business Day reported that Moyane's days were numbered and that their removal was set to be put before Cabinet, however, Communications Minister Nomvula Mokonyane said Moyane's future did not serve on the Cabinet agenda at the time.
On March 14, Moyane announced the resignation of Makwakwa after they were cleared of charges of misconduct. Makwakwa, who was the chief officer for business and individual tax, resigned with immediate effect after working at Sars for 22 years.
Moyane said they were doing so for personal reasons and would make all their personal tax statements available for scrutiny.
Makwakwa was suspended and investigated over suspicious payments into their bank account. The payments were red-flagged by the Financial Intelligence Centre in 2016, and Moyane was forced to suspend Makwakwa after this was reported in the media.
In November last year, they were cleared of all charges and given the go-ahead to return to work. Opposition parties objected strongly to their reinstatement.
Recently they faced fresh allegations of conflict of interest after NICS was appointed as debt collectors for the revenue service, and Moyane said it was when they put these to Makwakwa, with the intention of suspending him, that they announced that they had already decided to resign.
African News Agency/ANA
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 10:00 am: Earth Sciences Minister Harsh Vardhan at an event in New Delhi. 10:00 am: Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan at an event in New Delhi. 11:00 am: Budget session of Parliament continues in New Delhi. 4:00 pm: India Ratings webinar on real estate sector in Mumbai. GMF: LIVECHAT - ASIA AIRLINE INDUSTRY The first loss reported by Cathay Pacific in eight years, and the strategic deal struck between American Airlines and China Southern Airlines have drawn investors' attention to the arena of Asia carriers. Independent research firm Crucial Perspective founder Corrine Png will discuss the earnings performance and industry trend at 9:00 am. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • Snapdeal founders move to calm employees amid takeover speculation The founders of India's Snapdeal told employees in an email on Sunday that the e-commerce company will ensure there is no disruption to staff "as the way forward becomes clear," as speculation of a takeover swirls. • Softbank-backed Ola ramps up electric vehicles push in India Indian ride-hailing firm Ola, backed by Japan's Softbank Group, is preparing for a large-scale rollout of electric vehicles by next year even as it runs trials on the viability of the business model, Chief Executive Bhavish Aggarwal said. • India cenbank releases paper on wholesale, long-term finance banks India's central bank on Friday released a discussion paper on a proposal to set up "differentiated banks" in the form of wholesale and long-term finance banks to fund large projects. • Indian state-run companies mull daily fuel price change -report India's state-run oil marketing companies, which control over 90 percent of the retail fuel market in the country, are mulling a plan that would allow daily changes in the price of automotive fuels, Economic Times reported on Friday. • Indian private equity firm to acquire Religare Health Insurance A consortium of investors led by Indian private equity fund True North has agreed to acquire Religare Enterprises Ltd's health insurance business in the country, the groups said in a joint statement on Sunday. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • Palm Sunday bombings of Egyptian Coptic churches kill 44 At least 44 people were killed in Egypt in bomb attacks at the cathedral of the Coptic Pope and another church on Palm Sunday, prompting anger and fear among Christians and leading to troop deployments and the declaration of a three-month state of emergency. • Assad allies say U.S. attack on Syria air base crosses "red lines" A joint command centre made up of the forces of Russia, Iran and militias supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Sunday said the U.S. strike on a Syrian air base on Friday crossed "red lines" and it would respond to any new aggression and increase its support for its ally. • At strategic shoal, China asserts power through control, and concessions Far out in the South China Sea, where dark blue meets bright turquoise, a miles-long row of fishing boats anchor near Scarborough Shoal, backed by a small armada of coastguard projecting China's power in Asia's most disputed waters. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) • The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,220.00, trading little changed from its previous close. • The Indian rupee will likely open lower against the dollar, in line with its Asian peers, after a Federal Reserve official reinforced expectations of more rate increases this year, even as a U.S. jobs report missed estimates. Concern about escalating geopolitical tensions after a U.S. missile strike on Syria last week continue to weigh on risk sentiment. • Indian government bonds will likely edge lower in early trade tracking U.S. Treasury yields, which gained after a Federal Reserve official's comments reinforced bets of more rate increases in the world's largest economy. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.80 pct-6.85 pct band today. The bond closed at a two-week low of 101.03 rupees, yielding 6.82 pct, on Apr. 7. GLOBAL MARKETS • Wall Street's three major indexes edged lower on Friday in a choppy session as investors grappled with a weaker-than-expected job report, the U.S. airstrike in Syria and a top Federal Reserve official's comments on trimming the U.S. central bank's balance sheet. • Asian stocks started the week on a cautious footing as increased geopolitical risks prompted investors to favour safe-haven bets such as government debt while the dollar benefited from comments from a U.S. central banker. • The dollar started the week at three-week highs against a currency basket, after a key U.S. Federal Reserve official reinforced the central bank's commitment to interest rate hikes. • U.S. Treasury yields rose on Friday, reversing a plunge sparked by weaker-than-expected U.S. jobs growth data, after a top Federal Reserve official boosted expectations for interest rate increases. • Oil prices were firm, supported by strong demand and political uncertainty in Syria, although another rise in U.S. drilling activity kept a lid on gains. • Gold inched down after hitting a 5-month high in the previous session, weighed down by a stronger dollar. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 64.26/64.29 April 7 -$40.8 mln $1.24 bln 10-yr bond yield 7.24 Month-to-date $231.77 mln $2.74 bln Year-to-date $7.01 bln $8.21 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 64.2660 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru)
× Tony Reed sentenced to prison for covering up Arlington couple's murder
EVERETT, Wash. (AP) — A man who admitted to helping their brother hide the bodies of an Arlington couple has been sentenced to 14 months in prison.
Multiple media outlets reported that 50-year-old Tony Reed was sentenced Monday in connection with the 2016 deaths of Monique Patenaude and Patrick Shunn near Arlington.
Reed previously pleaded guilty to two counts of rendering criminal assistance as part of a plea deal in which they agreed to testify at their brother's upcoming murder trial in Snohomish County.
Their brother, John Reed, has pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated murder and unlawful possession of a firearm. He's accused of fatally shooting the 46-year-old Patenaude and 45-year-old Patrick Shunn over a long-standing property dispute.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
In the video above, Michael Shunn, the father of victim Patrick Shunn, urges the court to keep the Reed family 'off the street'.
The Reeds' parents have also pleaded not guilty to rendering criminal assistance in the case.
Murder charges dropped against Tony Reed in deaths of Arlington couple; friend reacts
Remains of Arlington couple found after one of the accused killers pinpoint gravesite
Fugitive Reed brothers charged with murder; ‘significant blood evidence' found in search for Arlington couple
John Reed, accused of killing Arlington couple in April, brought back to Washington to face charges
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne is suing the Opposition leader for defamation.
A spokesperson for Wynne says a statement of claim was filed today in order for the premier to be able to continue with their case against Patrick Brown.
Wynne's lawyer first demanded in a letter in September that Brown withdraw comments they made a day before the premier testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown had told reporters they hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal "maybe when they stand trial" and went on to describe them as a "sitting premier, sitting in trial."
Randall Margraves hurls themselves towards Larry Nassar after their two daughters had testified to their abuse at Nassar's hands.  They are tackled by 3 sheriff's deputies.
Published 11:05 PM, February 02, 2018
CHICAGO, USA – The father of two sexual abuse victims lunged at Larry Nassar in court Friday, bringing the USA Gymnastics doctor's final sentencing hearing to an abrupt halt.
Randall Margraves suddenly hurled themselves towards Nassar after their two daughters had testified to their abuse at Nassar's hands. They were tackled by 3 sheriff's deputies.
"I want that son of a bitch!" Margraves yelled as they were being handcuffed.
"What if this happened to you guys?" they said while being escorted out of the courtroom.
The incident came on the second day of Nassar's final sentencing hearing as dozens of women waited for their turn to confront Nassar and tell the court of the abuse they suffered.
Madison and Lauren Margraves had just spoken, when their father asked the judge to "grant me five minutes in a locker room with that demon."
The comment at first elicited chuckles from the courtroom, and the judge Janice Cunningham replied "I can't do that."
At that point Margraves lunged toward Nassar, who was taken out of the courtroom, halting the hearing. – Rappler.com
SACRAMENTO — Drug cartels illegally growing marijuana on federal public lands in California are getting bolder and using banned, toxic pesticides, officials said Tuesday.
The secret marijuana sites are organized, funded and operated by Mexican cartels, said US Attorney McGregor Scott. The issue is particularly stark in California, which has more than 16 million acres of national forest lands, including Yosemite, Kings Canyon and Lassen Volcanic National Park.
“This is not a bunch of people growing marijuana in the woods,” Scott said in a news conference Tuesday. “This is people who are using chemicals and causing manifest environmental damage to a crown jewel of the United States — our federal public lands.”
The illegal growers divert the water supply, use toxic chemicals banned in the US and clear native plants and trees, in order to grow marijuana plants on what were pristine federal lands.
The issue of illegal marijuana farms on public lands has persisted in California for years, but Maj. Gen. David Baldwin of the California National Guard said they had seen a “tremendous uptick and increase in the amount of environmental damage and degradation that's done by the growers, that have become bolder and bolder to take the public lands.”
One of the major concerns is the widespread use of toxic and illegal pesticides, which pose dangers to the environment, wildlife, water supply and human health.
One of the pesticides detected at the illegal sites is carbofuran, which is banned in the US on all crops grown for human consumption. The toxic pesticide can seep into soil and streams, killing plants, wildlife including threatened species, and affecting humans who hunt and consume the animals.
Tests found that 78% of the illegal marijuana grow sites had signs of carbofuran.
Federal, state and local officials pledged to work together on this issue with $2.5 million of funding from the US government. “Our national parks and forests are priceless treasures … but these assets are being destroyed by criminal organizations that cultivate millions of marijuana plants on these lands each year for profit,” Scott said.
The US Forest Service estimated that about 1.4 million illegal marijuana plants were found in California last year. Many of these marijuana sites are located in rural counties where there are vast stretches of US forest land.
“We've been besieged in recent years,” said Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon Lopey. “We're absolutely overwhelmed.”
The growers also tend to be armed, which could be dangerous for visitors to public lands. Some of the growers claim to be affiliated with Mexican drug cartels such as the Sinaloa cartel and Jalisco Nueva Generación, said Bill Ruzzamenti, director of the Central Valley California High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program.
They leave behind plastic pipes, irrigation lines, tools, human waste and other garbage in what had been undisturbed habitats, according to the US Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of California, which shared a photo from one of the sites.
“In addition to the poison and waste, the cultivators divert water to the marijuana plants, drying up streams and reservoirs used for plants, animals and humans,” it stated.
Patriots news release...
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. – Today, the Associated Press named Tom Brady the National Football League's Most Valuable Player for the 2017 season. It is the third MVP honor of Brady's career. They also earned MVP honors following the 2007 and 2010 seasons. Brady joins Peyton Manning (5), Brett Favre (3) and Johnny Unitas (3) as the only NFL players with at least three MVP Awards and at age 40, becomes the oldest player in NFL history to be named league MVP.
It also marks the fifth time in team history that a Patriots player has earned league MVP honors. Two former Boston Patriots AFL greats earned league MVP honors in the 1960s. Gino Cappelletti was the first to claim the honor in 1964. In 1966, Patriots running back Jim Nance rushed for a franchise record 1,458 yards to earn league MVP honors, a team record that lasted for 29 seasons.
Brady finished the season with an NFL-leading 4,577 passing yards and finished third with 32 touchdown passes. Brady also became the oldest player to lead the league in passing yards. The previous oldest player to lead the league in passing yards was Fran Tarkenton with 3,468 yards in 1978 at age 38 for Minnesota. Brady led the Patriots to a 13-3 record. Their 13 wins are the most ever by a 40-year old in the Super Bowl era. Brett Favre turned 40 on Oct. 10, 2009, and led Minnesota to eight wins in their 12-win season. Brady's 32 touchdown passes were also the most for a player at age 40, passing Favre (25 in 2009) and Warren Moon (25 with Seattle in 1997).
Brady led the Patriots to the AFC East Division title for the 15th time in 2017 to extend an NFL record for most division titles.
On Sunday, Brady will extend their record by starting in their eighth Super Bowl and will attempt to move out of a tie with Charles Haley (5) as the only player in NFL history to win six Super Bowls.
St. John Neumann (Photo: Submitted)
FORT MYERS — It wasn't pretty, but they got it done.
The St. John Neumann High School football team remains undefeated after a 27-17 win over rival Evangelical Christian in a Friday night slugfest.
"That's ECS-Neumann," St. John Neumann second-year coach Damon Jones said. "Even when I was at Community School (as founding head coach of program in 2011), you come up to ECS and they're kids play hard and you're always in for a dogfight up here. That's what we had."
Jensen Jones, the coach's son, scored four times and ended with 150 yards rushing, and 69 in the air.
The Celtics (4-0), who racked up nearly 15 penalties, were forced to move players around to other positions due to injuries, and one player was ejected for retaliating during a scuffle after the play.
"That's stuff you can't do," Damon Jones said. "You can't retaliate. You have to be disciplined with that stuff and not do it."
With just a minute left in the game, the Sentinels closed within 10 on a 35-yard pass from Logan Pearlman to Correy Massey, but they didn't get any closer.
Jones extended the Celtics' lead with a 15-yard run to score with three minutes left in the game.
"I'm proud of my guys. They kept fighting the whole time," Sentinels coach Tyler Gold said. "(The Celtics) defense was really good and were really hard to score against."
With a 19-point lead midway through the third quarter, the Celtics' rushing attempt was fumbled and recovered by Massey, who dodged SJN tacklers to return it for an 80-yard touchdown.
Neumann jumped out to a 21-3 lead in the third quarter after a short TD run by Jones following their 30-yard run.
The Celtics fumbled three times in the first half, including two due to consecutive bad snaps but recovered by Jones.
"We made a ton of mistakes tonight, a ton of them," Damon Jones said, "but the effort is still there. These kids are dogs and they're playing like dogs. That's something you can't coach up. If you're giving that good of an effort, we can fix the mistakes."
Three minutes into the second quarter, on fourth down, Hunter Jones' one-handed grab put the Celtics on the 1-yard line for a first down. Jensen Jones followed with a short run to score and take a 6-3 lead.
The Celtics defense dug themselves into a hole midway into the first quarter as penalties and a botched punt attempt allowed the Sentinels to get deep into scoring position. ECS kicker Luke McDaniel's 22-yard field goal with three minutes left in the first left the Celtics trailing for the first time all season.
ST. JOHN NEUMANN 27, EVANGELICAL CHRISTIAN 17
SJN 0 6 15 6 -- 27
ECS 3 0 7 7 -- 17
First quarter
ECS -- Luke McDaniel 22 FG, 3:11
Second quarter
SJN -- Jensen Jones 1 run (kick failed), 9:51
Third quarter
SJN -- Jensen Jones 30 run (Jones run), 9:03
SJN -- Jensen Jones 1 run (Pinilla kick)
ECS -- Correy Massey 80 fumble recovery (McDaniel kick), 6:29
Fourth quarter
SJN -- Jensen Jones 15 run (kick failed), 3:03
ECS -- Massey 35 pass from Logan Pearlman (McDaniel kick), 1:04
× Storm expected to bring more rain through weekend
SAN DIEGO – Warm and mostly sunny weather in San Diego County Wednesday is expected to give way to potentially damaging winds and rainfall that could cause flooding later this week as a strong Pacific storm moves into the region.
The wet winter storm is expected to bring light rain starting late Thursday, and strong winds and heavy rain Friday afternoon through Friday night. Showers will continue Saturday and decrease Sunday, according to the National Weather Service.
“A storm system will move through Southern California late Thursday night through Saturday,” according to the weather service. “Heavy precipitation and strong, damaging winds are expected for some areas.”
Forecasters said rain totals would range from 1.5 to 4 inches along the coast and in the valleys.
Anticipated rainfall amounts through Saturday are expected to be .48 of an inch in Borrego Springs; 1.56 inches in Alpine; 1.57 inches on Mount Laguna; 1.59 inches in Ramona; 1.71 in San Diego; 1.73 in Julian; 1.87 inches in the Miramar area; 2 inches in Escondido; and 2.31 inches in Oceanside, according to the NWS. The snow level is expected to fall to about 6,500 feet by Friday night.
The rain may cause flash flooding, river flooding and debris flows.
The San Diego, Santa Margarita and Tijuana rivers will likely record significant flows, and the San Diego and Santa Margarita rivers may reach flood levels early Saturday, forecasters said. The Tijuana River watershed may also be prone to flooding.
Once the soil becomes saturated, flooding may also occur at low water crossing, near stream banks, in poorly draining urban areas and below recently burned locales. Rock slides may close some steep rural highways, according to the NWS.
Scroll for more content...
It's going to take some nerve to attach yourself to a zip wire, then whiz at velocities of close to 100 miles per hour down the UAE's highest mountain.
It'll probably take almost as much nerve to stump up $177 for the brief but terrifying ride.
But adrenaline junkies can now experience the whole speed-and-spending package on what is now the world's longest zip line in Ras Al Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates.
This exhilarating adventure at Jebel Jais mountain will allow particpants to fly face-down, in a superhero position, at speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour (93 mph).
To share the thrill, there are two lines, side-by-side, allowing people to fly with friends and family.
Fastest zip line in the world
And if money -- and altitude sickness -- is no object, its creators are looking to add a helicopter transfer to ferry folks to and from the attraction.
The new attraction is open to all ages, so long as riders meet minimum weight of 45 kilograms (about 100 pounds) and maximum weight of 150 kilograms, and a minimum height of 120 centimeters (nearly four feet).
Designed to accommodate a fresh set of riders every five minutes, the zip wire is the product of a partnership between Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Development Authority (RAKTDA) and the world's leading zip-line operator, Toro Verde.
It's just one of several new adventure-based activities in the pipeline for this rocky emirate.
The mountainous setting of the zip wire offers something different from its urban counterparts across the world.
"We don't have a zip line going through two towers, it's in the mountains," Haitham Mattar, CEO of RAKTDA tells CNN Travel.
The previous holder of the Guiness world record for longest zip line was The Monster zip wire in Puerto Rico, which is a mammoth 2.5 kilometers long.
Determined to go one better, RAKTDA teamed up with Toro Verde, the team behind The Monster, to develop the new attraction.
The Ras Al Khaimah zip wire is an incredible 2.83 kilometers long -- over 28 soccer fields -- and is suspended 1,680 meters above sea level.
Soaring to new heights
Ras Al Khaimah is less well-known for its tourism than its neighbor, Dubai, but the emirate has set itself the ambitious goal of attracting one million visitors by the end of 2018.
Mattar insists that showcasing the area's natural beauty -- and protecting this landscape for generations to come -- is at the heart of the project.
"We want to continue to drive tourism that complements what Dubai is offering," says Mattar. "All these activities we're building are very much nature-based."
There is already an adrenline-on-a-wire experience in the region, courtesy of the Jebel Jais Via Ferrata, which allows thrill-seekers to traverse more than one kilometer of the mountain, attached to a metal cable.
But the new line takes the experience to a new level -- aside from the spectacular length, guests can also fly through the sky face-down in a superhero position -- at speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour (93 mph).
Eco-friendly focus on nature
Alongside the zip line, the RAKTDA says a new ice rink and hiking and mountain biking routes are in the works.
There are also plans for a new viewing deck 1,300 meters up Jebel Jais mountain. The terrace will showcase the mountain's spectacular views -- which stretch to the Arabian Sea -- but also promote and protect local flora and fauna.
The RAKTDA says it's determined to ensure all new developments are eco-friendly.
"We have to make sure we're protecting the environment," says Mattar. "There are plants and there are herbs and there's food-bearing plants [...] Our objective is to protect those and create a park for people to enjoy."
In the meantime, the zip line has been officially recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records.
Features Harassed in their own house: violence against healthcare personnel By
CDC Global
‘The physician amuses the patient while nature cures the disease': French philosopher and historian Voltaire said this, though the current scenario is totally the opposite. Managing a patient is not at all amusing for the doctors, particularly in developing countries. Medical professionals are now increasingly subjected to violence by both patients and their relatives. The situation is comparatively better in the developed world because of strict regulations, ensuring security and an organized medical system. The scenario is horrifying in countries like Bangladesh, China, India, Pakistan, etc. Here, I also tried to explore the root cause of this violence and how can we overcome the situation.
On 28th February, 2016, Dr. Abdullah Al Mamun (a government doctor) was grievously injured while working at a Sub-district level hospital in Khulna, Bangladesh. They were attacked, as they did not agree to visit sick wife of the local public representative at their residence. They were on duty and their only fault was to advise them to bring the patient to the hospital. In August, 2016, Dr. Shompa Rani Mondal, the residential medical officer of a primary health care centre in Shyamnagar, Satkhira, Bangladesh was brutally beaten by a gang of local thugs in their office while on duty. They had to declare a death of a child who was brought dead in the hospital. Later they were further harassed by the local police and political personnel as they denied withdrawing their case. A counter case was filed against them and they were arrested. They were released only when the prime minister of the country noticed the news and took action against the culprit. I choose two recent incidences in Bangladesh to give an idea to the readers of how bad the situation is. These two incidences are just the tip of the iceberg. The scenario is very similar in all the developing countries nowadays.
A survey over 270 tertiary hospitals done by the China Hospital Management reported that 73% of them witnessed violence of some form. In 2006, the Chinese Ministry of Health reported 9,831 major disturbances, including physical violence in Chinese hospitals, while it increased to 17,243 in 2010. Over 10 years to the end of 2011, 29 murders and 52 serious injuries happened in China. Most of the reported victims were doctors, nurses and other hospital staffs. A recently published report revealed that almost 77% of physicians had faced either verbal or physical abuse in Pakistan. Dr. Madhok from India reported ‘doctors being molested, thrashed and abused fault.' A report published from Riyadh city of Saudi Arabia mentioned that around 67.4% medical staffs were faced with violence while on duty. Nurses were are more likely to be harassed than physicians. In Kuwait, 86% of the doctors had experienced verbal insults or imminent threat of violence while 28% had experienced physical attacks of which 7% reported serious or fatal injury. Physicians in emergency medicine, psychiatrists and those involved with primary care are at increased risk of violent acts from patients and families.
Doctors and hospitals have become easy scapegoats for other fundamental problems
Why is the scenario disastrous, particularly in developing countries? The major reasons include: lack of communication between doctor and the patients, real or assumed lack of attention to the patients, long waiting time, dissatisfaction with treatment, disagreement with the physician, poor image of medical profession, unorganized and poor resourced health care delivery system, ineffective or reluctant action of law enforcing agencies, lack of security in the hospitals, ineffective and inadequate service delivery, lack of quality medical education, weak and biased bargaining authority for the doctors etc.
Doctors and hospitals have become easy scapegoats for other fundamental problems in the flight attendantship of the health care delivery system in developing countries. China spends only 3 % of the world's total health expenditure on 20% of the world's population. Only 4.3% of the budget was allocated for health and family welfare in 2015-16 fiscal year in Bangladesh though the population is more than 160 million. Scarcity of funding and resources is one of the root causes of the problem. You can never satisfy a patient if you need to serve more than 100 patients daily (within 5 hours) in the outpatient department. This is the most common scenario in all public health care settings of the developing world. People should understand this huge limitation. Because of that limitation, there will always remain a wide gap between the patient's expectations and the reality. Patients feel that they have not been looked after properly and take the matters in their own hands.
Doctors and medical staff also have responsibilities. There is a need to improve the doctor-patient relationship. Negligence should not be accepted and tolerated under any circumstances, all healthcare facilities should be managed by qualified hospital administrators. Patients should be involved in decision-making regarding their treatment and provided with adequate information about the possible complications. Doctors should never promise a 100% cure. The media should play a more positive role rather than always depicting a negative picture of the doctors and hospitals. Sadly, doctors always become an easy target for the blame-game by sensational media reports. Every healthcare facility in the developing world must have a liaison officer or public relations officer to deal with the media and respond to their queries. No media personnel, particularly the digital media should be allowed to enter the healthcare facilities without prior permission of the hospital authority. This can reduce confusion and tension between media and medical staff. This practice is well followed in all the healthcare facilities of the developed world.
The professional bodies and organizations should play a judicious role on this issue. They could come up with a mechanism of self-monitoring their members to ensure ethical medical practice. They should also uphold the pride of the profession and act as a bargaining body with the authorities when violence occurs. But in most of the developing countries this never happens. Woefully, medical associations behave inefficiently in such incidences. In some instances, these associations become the playground of fulfilling personal interest rather than the community's general interest. So, general doctors never rely on and trust them and they expect very less from them. This situation also needs to be changed. Physicians in the developing world should also rethink and reconsider their relation with pharmaceutical companies and laboratory diagnostics. These relations need to be looked into by the National Bioethics Committee which will help in eliminating unethical practices. As a result, the doctors' community can earn the trust of the masses.
You can expect healthcare personnel to work with dedication and devotion only when the working environment will be safe. Breaking news on the television channels regarding the death of patients due to a doctor's negligence has only served to work against patients' own interests. If the government still handles the scenario reluctantly, I am afraid of doctors will also be reluctant to handle serious cases. A culture of re-shouldering will develop which will only cost many precious lives. Braindrain and skill drain are inevitable.
Under a settlement, Discover Hidden Hawaii Tours will have to pay out $570,000 to sex harassment claimants and offer sexual harassment training. (Image: Discover Hidden Hawaii Tours)
Discover Hidden Hawaii Tours and two related companies will pay $570,000 to settle a federal lawsuit, in which 18 male employees claimed they were victims of "egregious" sexual harassment for years.
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which filed the suit, announced the settlement Wednesday.
In its 2017 filing, the EEOC alleged that Leo Malagon, president of Discovering Hidden Hawaii Tours, Inc., harassed young male employees for more than a decade.
"He would ask them to expose their male private parts on them so that they could fondle and perform oral sex on them," said EEOC Honolulu Director Glory Gervacio. "And in turn, they would expose themselves to them and show pornographic videos and photos of himself."
One claimant, who asked to remain anonymous, said that they worked for the company as a reservation and social manager when they were sexually harassed. It was their first job out of college.
They said that Malagon and a few friends came into the office after normal business hours when they were working.
“The interaction quickly became a little much, a lot much,” they said.
Malagon then showed them pictures of their genitals and asked them out for lunch the next day. Feeling pressured, they said yes.
Before Malagon picked them up for lunch, they told a supervisor about the encounter with the photos and that they were uncomfortable going. The supervisor didn't take them seriously and even made sexual comments, according to the claimant.
“It's just lunch,” the claimant said their supervisor told him.
They were soon picked up by Malagon for lunch and the president told them they needed to go home to change their pants. When the two came to the apartment, Malagon went into their bedroom and came out without any pants.
“I felt pressured to go along with things,” the claimant said. The two went on to do sexual acts. When the employee went back to work, they told their supervisors. Again, their cry for help was not taken seriously.
“You're going to ruin your career if you go to the police,” the supervisor would say. “Let's settle this without going to the police.”
They were told that what they did was a good professional move.
Eventually, after making multiple complaints with higher management, they received a performance review that made it clear they were no longer wanted at the company. They quit.
According to Gervacio, others were also driven to quit by Malagon's harassment.
“Some acquiesced out of desperation for work, some simply quit,” Gervacio said, about the male employees. “Several of the victims admit to still having difficulties coping with the trauma associated with sexual harassment sustained at DHT.”
According to a news release, the decree requires Malagon to stop further involvement in the operations of the company.
Big Kahuna Luau Inc. and Hawaii Tours and Transportation Inc., lead by Malagon's wife, were also named in the suit.
The decree also requires sexual harassment training for company management.
“It's hard to say that I feel good about it,” the anonymous claimant said, about the settlement. “It's been really difficult.”
They said that having a first job experience at Discover Hidden Hawaii Tours has made it hard for them professionally. They do say, however, that they have grown from the experience and is happy to see the company will now be taking preventive measures.
“It teaches people in power that you can't manipulate people or impose their will sexually,” they said.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Boursa Kuwait ended last week in the green zone. The Price Index closed at 5,748.09 points, up by 1.27% from the week before closing, the Weighted Index increased by 0.94% after closing at 380.09 points, whereas the KSX-15 Index closed at 885.02 points up by 0.29%. Furthermore, the week's average daily turnover increased by 43.90%, compared to the preceding week, reaching K.D 17.87 million, whereas trading volume average was 188.29 million shares, recording an increase of 26.92%.
The Boursa indices were able to increase in the last few weeks of 2016 supported by the continued heavy purchasing operations witnessed by many stocks during this period and headed by the leading and operational stocks, in addition to the quick speculative operations that concentrated on the small-cap stocks. The Boursa witnessed such performance in light of the investment groups activity that were witnessing purchasing and collection operations in order to increase its prices prior to the end of the fourth quarter of 2016, which pushed the three market indices to end the last weeks of the year in the green zone.
Furthermore, the three market indices initiated the week's sessions with different increases, especially the Weighted and KSX-15 indices that benefited from the continued purchasing power on the leading and operational stocks, meanwhile the small-cap stocks witnessed speculative operations that pushed it to record mixed gains, which positively reflected on the Price Index that was able to cross the 5,700 point level up. On the second session of the week, the three market indices witnessed mixed closings, where the Price Index continued in enhancing its position above the 5,700 point level, through the gains it realized supported by the continued purchasing operations executed on the small-cap stocks and a number of the leading stocks, while the Weighted and KSX-15 indices could not continue its upward move to end the session in the red zone affected by the profit collection operations that concentrated on some heavy stocks of previous increases.
On the mid-week session, the Boursa indices were able to return to meet in the green zone, in light of the purchasing operations' presence on both the leading and small-cap stocks, amid an increased pumped liquidity levels to reach around K.D. 20 million, up by almost 17%. On Wednesday's session, the Boursa indices returned to fluctuate once again, where the Price Index continued its increase as a result to the heavy purchasing and the quick speculative operations executed on the small-cap stocks, while the profit collection operations that included some leading and operational heavy stocks pushed the Weighted and KSX-15 indices to end the session in the red zone.
The Boursa indices ended the last session of the week with mixed closings, where the Price and KSX-15 indices declined under the influence of the profit collection operations executed on the leading stocks and some small-cap stocks, while the Weighted Index went against the current and was able to increase by the end of the session.
By the end of the last week, the market capitalization for the listed companies in the primary market reached K.D. 25.41 billion, up by 0.95% compared to its level in the previous week, where it reached then K.D. 25.17 billion. On an annual level, the market cap for the listed companies in the primary market grew by 0.56% from its value at end of 2015, where it reached then K.D. 25.27 billion.
As far as Boursa Kuwait annual performance, the price index ended last week recording 2.37% annual gain compared to its closing in 2015, while the weighted index decreased by 0.42%, and the KSX-15 recorded 1.71% loss.
Sectors' Indices
Eight of KSE's sectors ended last week in the green zone, while the other four recorded declines. Last week's highest gainer was the Insurance sector, achieving 4.47% growth rate as its index closed at 994.29 points. Whereas, in the second place, the Industrial sector's index closed at 1,344.03 points recording 3.46% increase. The Technology sector came in third as its index achieved 2.34% growth, ending the week at 607.15 points.
On the other hand, the Consumer Goods sector headed the losers list as its index declined by 1.20% to end the week's activity at 1,125.06 points. The Health Care sector was second on the losers' list, which index declined by 0.78%, closing at 1,244.44 points, followed by the Oil & Gas sector, as its index closed at 780.66 points at a loss of 0.68%.
Sectors' Activity
The Financial Services sector dominated a total trade volume of around 384.07 million shares changing hands during last week, representing 40.80% of the total market trading volume. The Real Estate sector was second in terms of trading volume as the sector's traded shares were 27.63% of last week's total trading volume, with a total of around 260.11 million shares.
On the other hand, the Financial Services sector's stocks were the highest traded in terms of value; with a turnover of around K.D 23.89 million or 26.70% of last week's total market trading value. The Banks sector took the second place as the sector's last week turnover was approx. K.D 19.83 million representing 22.19% of the total market trading value.
0 SHARES 18 VIEWS Share Tweet Pinterest
The recently-published Bogey Golfer Handbook doesn't try to complicate the game, but rather attempts to help simplify and improve your game.
According to the USGA, a male “bogey golfer” is a player who has a course handicap of approximately 20 on a course of standard difficulty. They can hit tee shots an average of 200 yards and reach a 370-yard hole in two shots at sea level.
A female bogey golfer is a player who has a course handicap of about 24 on a course of standard difficulty. They can hit tee shots an average of 150 yards and reach a 280-yard hole in two shots.
Written by PGA members Cary Davis and Jon Skaggs, The Bogey Golfer Handbook is dedicated to helping golfers lower their scores and make the game more fun, say the authors. “We know that for bogey golfers, shooting lower scores will continue to bring you back to the game you love,” suggests Davis.
Skaggs says, “The most important shot in golf is the one after you missed your approach to the green; that's right. It's that simple. Thus, when faced with a shot after missing their approach to the green, most bogey golfers try to control distance by varying the length and/or speed of their full swing.
This method usually results with misses for both distance and direction. As such, we recommend shorter strokes, which are easier to learn and repeat correctly, while stabilizing the wrist keeps the club face in the same location at set-up and impact.”
For that to happen, The Bogey Golfer Handbook explains the ‘3 Goes To Shot' techniques that are easy to execute; when used with three different wedges, this gives you distance predictability.
The alignment perfect putter is another improvement technique offered within the 132 pages of the Bogey Golfer Handbook. Other tools include access to instructional videos of the 3 Go To Shot techniques, demonstrations of shots being executed from various lies and distance, two putting videos, and e-mail support from PGA instructor Jon Skaggs.
The Bogey Golfer Handbook retails for $14.95 and is available on Amazon here.
DOWNERS GROVE, Ill. - October 6, 2017 - The October issue of GIE: Gastrointestinal Endoscopy features several new studies evaluating various treatments for Barrett's esophagus (BE). Two of these studies are highlighted below.
BE is a condition in which there are unusual changes to the cells lining the esophagus. It is believed to be most commonly due to inflammation from gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Some of the cellular changes may be referred to as neoplasia or dysplasia, and sometimes these may be considered precancerous. Endoscopic treatments for BE focus on removing or destroying the problematic tissue. >
Largest U.S. Multicenter Study of ESD for Barrett's Early Neoplasia Shows the Procedure Is Safe and Effective
The role of endoscopic submucosal dissection (ESD) in Barrett's early neoplasia has not previously been well defined, with most studies originating from Asia and Europe. A new study, 'Endoscopic submucosal dissection for Barrett's early neoplasia; a multicenter study in the United States," published in the October issue of GIE: Gastrointestinal Endoscopy, shows the procedure is safe and effective for addressing cellular changes from Barrett's esophagus (BE), including high-grade dysplasia (HGD) and early adenocarcinoma (EAC).
The study was a multicenter retrospective analysis on 46 patients with BE who underwent ESD for BE-HGD or EAC, or both, between January 2010 and April 2015. The goal was to determine the rate of (1) removal of the problematic tissue in one piece (en-bloc resection), (2) completeness of removal (R0 resection), (3) curative resection; and to determine adverse events as well as remission at follow-up.
The median age of patients was 69 years (range, 42-82 years). The median resected specimen size was 45 mm (range, 13-125 mm). En-bloc and curative resection rates were 96 percent (44/46) and 70 percent (32/46), respectively. Most lesions (11/20; 55 percent) diagnosed as BE-HGD on biopsy were upstaged to intramucosal or invasive EAC on post-ESD analysis.
There were four early (<48 hours) adverse events, and all were treated endoscopically. Seven patients (15 percent) developed esophageal strictures that were managed endoscopically. Complete remission of BE neoplasia was found in 100% (32/32) of patients with curative resection at median follow-up of 11 months (range, 2-25 months).
The authors concluded that ESD appears to be safe and effective, with high en-bloc and curative resection rates in the treatment of early BE neoplasia.
Liquid Nitrogen Cryotherapy Shows Good Long-Term Results for Treating Barrett's Esophagus
Liquid nitrogen spray cryotherapy (LNSCT) has been shown to be a safe, well-tolerated, and effective therapy for cellular changes occurring with Barrett's esophagus (BE). A new study, "Outcomes after liquid nitrogen spray cryotherapy in Barrett's esophagus-associated high-grade dysplasia and intramucosal adenocarcinoma: 5-year follow-up," provided previously lacking follow-up to determine long-term efficacy of the treatment. The study appears in the October issue of GIE: Gastrointestinal Endoscopy.
LNSCT uses liquid nitrogen to "freeze" and destroy diseased tissue. The study looked at treatment of BE-associated high-grade dysplasia (BE-HGD) and intramucosal (within the esophageal lining) adenocarcinoma (IMC).
In this single-center, retrospective study, patients with BE-HGD/IMC of any length treated with LNSCT were followed with surveillance endoscopy with biopsy for three to five years. Patients with IMC completely removed by endoscopic resection were included. Outcome measures included complete eradication of HGD (CE-HGD), dysplasia, and intestinal metaplasia; incidence rates; durability of response; location of recurrent intestinal metaplasia and dysplasia; and rate of disease progression.
There were 50 patients in the three-year analysis, and 40 patients in the five-year analysis. Initial complete eradication of HGD, dysplasia, and intestinal metaplasia was achieved in 98 percent, 90 percent, and 60 percent, respectively. At the three-year follow-up, these measures were 96 percent (48/50), 94 percent (47/50), and 82 percent (41/50). At five years, they were 93 percent (37/40), 88 percent (35/40), and 75 percent (30/40). These results allow for retreatment or interval touch-up with ablation during the follow-up period.
Incidence rates of recurrent intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia, and HGD/esophageal adenocarcinoma after initial complete eradication of intestinal metaplasia (CE-IM) were 12.2%, 4.0%, and 1.4% per person-year for the 5-year cohort. Two of seven HGD recurrences occurred later than four years after initial eradication, and two patients (4 percent) progressed to adenocarcinoma despite treatment.
The authors concluded that, in patients with BE-HGD/IMC, LNSCT is effective in eliminating dysplasia and intestinal metaplasia. Progression to adenocarcinoma was uncommon, and recurrence of dysplasia was successfully treated in most cases. Long-term surveillance is necessary to detect late recurrence of dysplasia.
###
Editor's Note: ASGE has information for patients about GERD, Barrett's Esophagus and the risk for esophageal cancer.
About Gastrointestinal Endoscopy /p>
Gastrointestinal endoscopic procedures allow the gastroenterologist to visually inspect the upper gastrointestinal tract (esophagus, stomach and duodenum) and the lower bowel (colon and rectum) through an endoscope, a thin, flexible device with a lighted end and a powerful lens system. Endoscopy has been a major advance in the treatment of gastrointestinal diseases. For example, the use of endoscopes allows the detection of ulcers, cancers, polyps and sites of internal bleeding. Through endoscopy, tissue samples (biopsies) may be obtained, areas of blockage can be opened and active bleeding can be stopped. Polyps in the colon can be removed, which has been shown to prevent colon cancer.
About the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy
PALMETTO BAY, Fla. - Two construction workers were rescued Tuesday morning after a scaffolding partially gave way in Palmetto Bay.
The scaffolding accident was reported about 9 a.m. at the Palmetto Bay Village Center, 18001 Old Cutler Road.
More News Headlines
Sky 10 arrived as one worker was clinging to the side of the building and the other was perched on the top of the scaffolding, which was leaning to one side.
"We attempted to get to the patient with the platform truck, but it couldn't reach the patient," Miami-Dade Fire Rescue firefighter Maggie Castro said.
So the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue team had to improvise to get both men to terra firma.
Castro used a pulley line to scale the side of the building to reach one of the men, who was dangling by their safety harness. They helped the man into the bucket of a ladder truck that lowered them to the ground.
The firefighter then scaled the building to reach the other worker, lowering them to the roof of an awning, where firefighters in the bucket truck were waiting for him.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Congress President Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday appointed Dinesh Gundurao as President of the Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC).
They also appointed Easwar Khandre as the Working President of KPCC.
Dinesh Gundu Rao is a five-time MLA from Gandhinagar constituency in Bengaluru. They succeeded former KPCC president G Parameshwara who led the party in the state for eight years.
"The Congress party appreciates the hard work done by G Parameshwara who successfully led the party for the last eight years and is stepping down from their responsibility as Karnataka PCC President," said an official statement. (ANI)
CHARLESTON (WCHS/BOB AARON, ANNA TAYLOR)– An agreed order from a circuit court judge in Kanawha County extends a ban on violence and mass picketing on Frontier Communications' property.
Frontier issued a temporary restraining order last week against striking Communication Workers of America union members and its leaders.
The new agreed order continues most of the same restrictions issued in that restraining order and also includes an order to the West Virginia State Police to periodically patrol the entrances and exits to the property.
The court order limits the defendants to picketing by no more than six picketers at least 10 feet from any entrance to the property or at any worksite of any Frontier employee or contractor.
Copies of the agreed order have been distributed to union members or anyone who may be involved in any picketing at or near Frontier.
Comments
First Baptist Academy (Photo: Submitted)
Last week the First Baptist Academy football team drove four hours for a game that ended up getting rained out. This week the Lions got to play, and they took advantage of it.
Playing in their first 2A matchup on Friday night after back-to-back upper-class matchups, the Lions defeated Marco Island Academy 41-13.
"It was good to be playing again," FBA coach Billy Sparacio said. "I'm just really happy the guys had the chance to play tonight."
"Doing that drive for nothing really (stunk)," quarterback Cole Burlison said. "It kind of created an atmosphere where we were just pumped up and we wanted to play."
Boston College commit Joe Sparacio started the night with a 21-yard run and ended up rushing for 155 yards and two touchdowns. Burlison threw for 110 yards and three touchdowns.
"We didn't get to play last week because of weather and we brought that frustration from not playing into this week." Joe Sparacio said.
Mason Dean hauled in all two of Burlison's three touchdowns.
"He's the man. I love seeing Mason out there," Burlison said. "He'll catch any ball I throw to him. He's the type of guy in practice I'm always spotting."
After allowing a combined 45 points in their last two games, the Lions gave up just 1 and allowed only 103 rushing yards and 18 passing yards.
"Our kids did a good job of listening to their coaches," Billy Sparacio said. "They played physical, did their assignments and tackled well."
Following Sparacio's 3-yard run to put the Lions on the board, Kyle Batiato fumbled a punt return to put the Manta Rays on the 15. Kyler Howard found Dylan Barbaro with a 6-yard pass to bring them within one because the extra point was blocked.
On the very next play, Sparacio exploded for a 78-yard run to the house to spark the Lions.
After FBA's Chad Hassey recovered a Wendy Luders fumble to set up a Nick Tompkins 12-yard touchdown pass from Burlison, Tompkins recovered a fumble to give the ball back to the Lions.
Burlison connected in the end zone with Dean for touchdown passes of 10 and 8 yards, and Will Stearns added a 2-yard TD run to make it 41-6 at the half.
With a running clock in the second half, Howard ran in the only touchdown of the second half as the Manta Rays fell to the Lions on the road.
FIRST BAPTIST 41, MARCO ISLAND ACADEMY 13
MIA 6 0 7 0 -- 13
FBA 21 20 0 0 -- 41
First quarter
FBA -- Joe Sparacio 3 run (Austin White kick), 8:12
MIA -- Dylan Barbaro 8 pass from Kyler Howard (kick blocked) 5:02
FBA -- Joe Sparacio 78 run (White kick), 4:43
FBA -- Nick Tompkins 12 pass from Cole Burlison (White kick), 1:35
Second quarter
FBA -- Mason Dean 10 pass from Cole Burlison (White kick), 9:59
FBA -- Mason Dean 8 pass from Cole Burlison (White kick), 6:04
FBA -- Will Stearns 2 run (pass failed), 1:08
Third quarter
MIA -- Howard 1 run (Joshua Dacruz kick), 4:30
April 5 China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd
* Trading in shares of co and debt securities on stock exchange of Hong Kong ltd will be halted with effect from 9 a.m. On 5 April 2017
* Seeks trading halt pending release of an announcement containing inside information of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Oct. 6 (UPI) -- The Houston Astros and Boston Red Sox start off a four-game slate of Division Series matchups Friday in the 2017 MLB playoffs.
Here is a preview for each matchup.
Boston Red Sox at Houston Astros
First pitch: 2:05 p.m. at Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas.
Houston Astros' Dallas Keuchel just fine with attempting to deliver in Game 2 vs. Boston Red Sox
By Moise Kapenda Bower, The Sports Xchange
HOUSTON -- Astros left-hander Dallas Keuchel is fiercely prideful, and after turning their modest prospect status into the 2015 American League Cy Young Award, relishes their role as staff ace.
However, when Houston acquired right-hander Justin Verlander on Aug. 31, Keuchel was forced to surrender their position fronting the rotation to the 2011 American League MVP and Cy Young Award winner. That shift was confirmed when Verlander earned the nod for Game 1 of the American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, bumping Keuchel to Game 2 on Friday at Minute Maid Park.
Full Story
New York Yankees at Cleveland Indians
First pitch: 5:08 p.m. at Progressive Field in Cleveland, Ohio.
New York Yankees get Cleveland Indians ace Corey Kluber in Game 2
By Jim Ingraham, The Sports Xchange
The pitching matchup for Game 2 of the American League Division series between the New York Yankees and Cleveland on Friday will feature two of the last three Indians pitchers to win the Cy Young Award: CC Sabathia (2007) and Corey Kluber (2014).
Cleveland manager Terry Francona's decision to start Kluber in Game 2 of the ALDS instead of Game 1 raised some eyebrows, but it couldn't have worked out better. Trevor Bauer pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings to anchor a 4-0 Indians victory in Game 1.
Full Story
Chicago Cubs at Washington Nationals
First pitch: 7:31 p.m. at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C.
Washington Nationals: Stephen Strasburg to start Game 1 vs. Chicago Cubs
By The Sports Xchange
Washington Nationals right-hander Stephen Strasburg will start Game 1 of the National League Division Series against the visiting Chicago Cubs, manager Dusty Baker announced on Thursday.
Baker did not divulge their starter pitchers for Games 2 and 3 of the series, with respect to the status of Max Scherzer (16-6, 2.51 ERA) as they deal with a hamstring injury. The two-time Cy Young Award winner threw on flat ground in the outfield for almost 15 minutes on Wednesday and is expected to have a bullpen session later on Thursday.
Full Story
Arizona Diamondbacks at Los Angeles Dodgers
First pitch: 10:31 p.m. at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, Calif.
Arizona Diamondbacks feel ready for challenge that is Los Angeles Dodgers
By Joe Haakenson, The Sports Xchange
No team in the major leagues lost fewer games this season than the Los Angeles Dodgers.
But no team in baseball beat them more often than the Arizona Diamondbacks, who took 11 of 19 from Los Angeles during the regular season. In short, 19 percent of the Dodgers' 58 losses came to the Diamondbacks.
Full Story
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Emergency crews went into panic mode Saturday when they got a call for a 3-year-old child locked in a parked car, as temperatures soared into the upper 90s in Shelby County, Tennessee.
"We pulled a number of resources off of the streets to respond to this cry for help that a child had been locked in the car in 90 degree weather," said Shelby County Sheriff's Office Public Information Officer Earle Farrell.
Deputies said an urgent emergency response went out, meaning law enforcement disregarded other service calls, and getting that child out of the car became their top priority.
It was just after 3:15 Saturday afternoon when authorities pulled up to the home, the Shelby County Fire Department was the first unit on the scene.
They quickly found that no one was locked in the car. Deputies believe Skylar Johnson-Settles made it all up to get their keys out of their locked car, because they were in a hurry.
Deputies took Johnson-Settles into custody on charges of misusing 911 and false reporting, which is a felony.
They have no address listed on court documents.
Deputies said bogus calls are not just wasted time for authorities, but might also keep someone else from getting desperately-needed help.
"What if there was someone else that was really having a health problem?" Farrell said,
Johnson-Settles made their first appearance in court on Monday.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Two Maoists were killed in an encounter with security forces in Narayanpur district of Chhattisgarh.
The encounter broke out in the forest area of Balebeda village in the district.
One naxal has been identified as Kishore, the section commander of Military Company No. 05, while the identity of the other is yet to be ascertained.
The District Reserve Guard (DRG) also seized two weapons, bags and other daily-use material from the spot.
More details are awaited.
In a separate incident in the district earlier today, the special task force retaliated strongly to naxals who opened fire at the security forces in the forest area of Jedda village. Following the retaliatory firing the Naxals fled from the spot. The police seized bags, camp sheets, medical kits and other daily-use materials. (ANI)
CAPE TOWN - “A space for people's space” is how Mlondolozi Hempe, marketing direction and sales at UkhambaBeerWorx, describes Ukhamba.
“I mean we live of the African saying of ‘umntu ngumntu ngababantu'. We believe the people who create our environment make us who we are. It's a social space where we meet, discuss ideas around good beer and food. Ukhamba is home.”
The craft brewery founded by brewer Lethu Tshabangu in July 2017 saw the birth of a gleaming new craft brewery in The Palms Lifestyle Centre in the Cape Town suburb of Woodstock.
Tshabangu, who started off as a waiter, says they saw an opportunity in the production industry and bought books and started to network with people to learn more about the brewing industry back in 2013.
“What inspired the business other than motivation is necessity, the need to have the first black-owned craft brewery in the mother city,” says Hempe. An additional ingredient is curiosity that is inspired by a long tradition of beer making in the African culture. “This led to a question: Can we make contemporary beer with traditional beer-making ingredients. The answer was yes.”
“A space for people's space” is how Mlondolozi Hempe, marketing direction and sales at UkhambaBeerWorx, describes Ukhamba. Image: Supplied.
UkhambaBeerWorx operates under the philosophy of being honest and genuine about what the brand is who represents it. “It is built on the virtues of its founder Tshabangu – an open, honest and genuine individual who is taking us along on their journey of making the best African beer in the country,” explains Hempe.
Among UkhambaBeerWorx's greatest achievements is being named Beer of the Month at Hudsons Burger Joint last November and “having our beer distributed to all the Hudson branches nationally Cape Town, Durban and Joburg”.
In addition to this Hempe says: “Creating a space that is socially acceptable to our peers as well as having people who we work with and look up to nodding and saying they are happy with the offering being presented to them.
The company's long-term strategy is to create pop-up breweries around the country that carry the concept and philosophy of Ukhamba to other Africans, the idea of sharing and creating a space where people are welcomed and treated with the respect they deserve. “This is apart from our goal of increasing our market share and making certain concepts that are held dearly to us accessible to all,” says Hempe.
Being one of the well established, staple beer brands in the country and easily recognisable as a beer brand is where the Ukhamba team sees the company in five years. Hempe says: “We see ourselves being a key contributor to the creative market in the country as key collaborators with other creative brands and developing our country.”
Being experimental by nature the team introduced a premixed gin and tonic where they experimented with making their own home-made tonic. “It was a hit and a miss to some clients and It's something that we have put on pause while we develop the idea,” Hempe explains.
“The reason for this was to satisfy a customer need for gin as well as tapping into the growing Cape Town gin market. Other than that at Ukhamba, we try to be creative as much as possible and we believe this is what sets us apart from our competition. We aren't scared of playing around with ideas as most of us are creatives,” they say.
Key members of the team are Tshabangu, the founder, Hempe, marketing and sales, and Phumezo Stwayi, accounts.
The company distributes to various beer outlets at the V&A Waterfront as well as national outlets such as Hudson Restaurant, Beerhouse and League of Beer, to name a few.
Police are searching for a man accused of kidnapping and sexually assaulting a teenage girl on their way to school Wednesday in Moss Point. US Marshals task force will be assisting Moss Point police in apprehending the suspect.
GALWAY BOSS MICHEAL Donoghue has retained just seven players from the league opener for this weekend's Division 1B fixture against Laois.
Source: Inpho
Galway defeated Antrim by three points and Donoghue has made a raft of changes with the notable inclusions of Padraig Mannion and Conor Whelan, both of whom picked up their first All-Stars last year.
Also in the team is Sean Linnane, nephew of Galway legend Sylvie, and 2015 All-Ireland winning minor Shane Bannon. Both Linnane and Bannon are newcomers to the Tribe squad for the 2018 season.
Galway
1. James Skehill (Cappataggle)
2. Adrian Tuohy (Beagh)
3. John Hanbury (Rahoon/Newcastle)
4. Shane Bannon (Clarinbridge)
5. Greg Lally (Gort)
6. Padraig Mannion (Ahascragh/Fohenagh)
7. Aidan Harte (Gort)
8. Johnny Coen (Loughrea)
9. Padraig Breheny (Tynagh/Abbey/Duniry)
10. Sean Linnane (Turloughmore)
11. Joseph Cooney (Sarsfields)
12. Niall Burke (Oranmore-Maree)
13. Conor Whelan (Kinvara)
14. Conor Cooney (St Thomas')
15. Davey Glennon (Mullagh)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS — You've probably seen a popup ad or received a phone call with a message saying that your computer is infected with a virus and it needs immediate attention.
No surprise here, it's a scam.
“Simply put, these are schemes and scams where fraudsters use your fear of viruses to get you to let down your guard,” explained Phylissia Landix, VP of Public Relations and Communications at the Better Business Bureau.
Today, the Better Business Bureau, along with the Federal Trade Commission and Texas Attorney General's office, unveiled a new report on just how prevalent this tech support scam is, and the numbers are staggering. Two out of three Americans say they've encountered it and those who fall for it can be swindled out of thousands of dollars, as well as left with computers that have been hopelessly compromised by the scammers. The victims come from every walk of life and age group.
“The fact that these corporations will lie and cheat their way to make a buck is what surprises me,” said Gabriella Gonzalez, with the Texas Attorney General's office.
So what are some of the red flags? Well avoid pop-ups with toll free numbers, as well as cold calls at home. The scam usually comes with dire warnings and “act now” pressure, and they'll ask for remote access for your computer. Lastly, the scammers will often ask for unusual payment in the form of wire transfers or gift cards.
“Means that are irreversible payments, and so you want to be very wary before you make any payment that can't be reversed,” Dama Brown, the Southwestern region director for the Federal Trade Commission, said.
So it's best just to be skeptical about any alert or call you get. Your computer may not have a virus now, but fall for this scheme and you'll probably end up with much worse.
× Gov. McAuliffe wants Virginia to be national leader to ‘combat hatred and bigotry'
RICHMOND, Va. — Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe released a statement Monday afternoon regarding “the next steps” after a deadly weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe said they convened an emergency cabinet meeting to discuss the steps the commonwealth can take to begin the process of healing and confronting racism.
In the statement, McAuliffe said they would like Virginia to be the leader of the national conversation moving forward.
“The events of this weekend have only strengthened our resolve to combat hatred and bigotry, and I want Virginia to be a leader in the national conversation about how we move forward,” they wrote. “I have directed my team to impanel a commission with representatives from community organizations, faith leaders, and law enforcement to make actionable recommendations for executive and legislative solutions to advance our mission of reconciliation, unity, and public safety.”
They said they are has directed their team to conduct an “extensive review” that will include how the state issue rally permits, law enforcement preparation and response, and coordination at the local, state, and federal level.
This comes after 32-year-old Heather Heyer, of Charlottesville, was killed Saturday after a car rammed into a crowd of demonstrators protesting against white supremacists.
“A Dodge Challenger was traveling south on 4th Street at a high rate of speed when it rear-ended a sedan headed south on 4th Street. The impact of that crash pushed the sedan into the minivan in front of it. The minivan had slowed for a crowd of people crossing through the intersection,” a spokesperson for the City of Charlottesville said. “The impact of the crash pushed the vehicles into the crowd of pedestrians. The Dodge Challenger fled the scene, but was located and stopped a short time later by Charlottesville Police.”
The driver of the Dodge Challenger, identified as James A. Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was taken into custody and charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding, and one count of hit-and-run.
Governor McAuliffe called Fields a terrorist who weaponized a car.
That same day, two Virginia State Police troopers were killed in a fiery helicopter crash in Albermarle County. The helicopter was flying over the Charlottesville-area assisting with public safety at the “Unite the Right” rally.
The troopers have been identified as Lt. H. Jay Cullen, 48, from Midlothian, Va., and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates from New Kent.
McAuliffe's full statement Monday read:
“Today, I convened an emergency cabinet meeting to discuss the next steps we, as a commonwealth, must take in order to begin the arduous process of healing our community and confronting the racism that stubbornly remains in our nation. The events of this weekend have only strengthened our resolve to combat hatred and bigotry, and I want Virginia to be a leader in the national conversation about how we move forward. I have directed my team to impanel a commission with representatives from community organizations, faith leaders, and law enforcement to make actionable recommendations for executive and legislative solutions to advance our mission of reconciliation, unity, and public safety. “Also, while we continue to grieve and support the families of those who lost their lives, we must learn from this tragic event to prevent a recurrence in our community or elsewhere. In that spirit, I also directed my team to conduct an extensive review that will include how we issue rally permits, law enforcement preparation and response, and coordination at the local, state, and federal level. In addition, the federal government must focus on the threat of domestic terrorism especially when it comes from beyond state lines. “Finally, I commend our Virginia State Police and National Guard personnel, who worked in support of the City of Charlottesville, for their tireless work this weekend under very challenging and volatile circumstances. Without their extensive preparations and measured actions, we would be facing a far more grave situation today.”
BERLIN, April 13 International airlines have defended the overbooking of flights after the practice was thrown into the spotlight by videos of a United Airlines passenger being dragged off a plane in Chicago this week.
The incident on flight 3411, in which law enforcement officials were called in to remove the passenger to help make way for crew members, has proved embarassing for United and its CEO Oscar Munoz but also raises questions about policies across the industry.
Overbooking, where airlines sell tickets for more seats than available to account for the likelihood of no-shows, is a common practice and some U.S. lawmakers have called in the wake of the United incident for new rules to make it more difficult.
Yet carriers say it allows them to keep costs, and thus ticket prices, down.
"If airlines were no longer allowed to overbook, fares would likely rise as airlines would have to pass on the costs of more empty seats to consumers," the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said in a paper published on Thursday.
"Banning the practice of overbooking will reduce already thin margins, and could reduce connectivity in turn," IATA said.
Behind overbooking is a degree of calculation.
Airlines use historical flight data to calculate the expected no-show rate for each route. For example, business travellers may switch flights at the last minute, but those travelling on summer holidays are less likely to change plans.
ALTERNATIVE FLIGHT
If more people than expected show up, airlines ask for volunteers to miss the flight in exchange for compensation. If not enough volunteer, airlines will select passengers to bump on to an alternative flight, typically before boarding.
In the United States in 2016, around 475,000 passengers, or 0.07 percent of travellers, were denied boarding due to overbooked flights. Of that, 40,000 were classed as involuntary.
The U.S. Transportation Department said it was the lowest rate of involuntary denials since it began tracking the issue in 1995.
Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian defended the practice on Wednesday, saying its denied boarding rate was only about 1 in 100,000 passengers in 2016.
To its industry proponents, overbooking has paid off.
In 2005, planes were on average 75 percent full. That has increased to around 80 percent in the last couple of years. IATA said this month that ticket prices have fallen about 10 percent in real terms over the past year.
Not everyone follows the policy. JetBlue and Ryanair make a point of saying they do not overbook flights, though the former's denied boarding rate has risen recently after it switched to smaller planes, meaning fewer seats were available than planned.
For the industry as a whole there remains a risk of alienating consumers. Liberum analyst Gerald Khoo said airlines get it right most of the time, but noted: "Ultimately, this episode is a failure of United's procedures, but it has shone an unwelcome light, for the airlines, on one of the industry's 'dark arts'". (Additional reporting by David Shepardson and Ankit Ajmera; Editing by David Holmes)
"The world is on the threshold of a new physics," said the management of the National Research Nuclear University (MEPhI) during a news conference for the 75th anniversary of the organization held at Rossiya Segodnya. Leading scientists have given examples of how the university has managed to become one of the leading international nuclear universities.
MEPhI deputy director Georgy Tikhomirov noted that modern education is closely tied to research. "We are on the threshold of a new physics," they said, adding that they were referring to new energy sources, space forecast monitoring, "tolerant" nuclear fuel and "digital twin nuclear power plants."
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Fedorenko Pushkin Institute Opens Online Express Russian Language Course
They also spoke about how solar activity affects processes in Earth's magnetosphere and atmosphere, according to data from the MEPhI's equipment on earth and satellites. According to Tikhomirov, technology to monitor and forecast changes in the heliosphere, magnetosphere and Earth's atmosphere will be developed with joint data from the PAMELA detector and the URAGAN muon hodoscope (a piece of equipment used to recognize thunderstorm anomalies). In addition, the MEPhI will have a multi-functional scientific complex to study cosmic rays with satellite and surface detectors.
READ MORE: Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Physics Nobel Prize Winner Feels 'A Little Embarrassed'
During the live broadcast from the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN), the head of the MEPhI ATLAS Group, Anatoly Romanyuk, described the university's large contribution to the ATLAS Experiment. This was a major experiment held at the Large Hadron Collider where the Higgs boson was discovered. This discovery has completed the experimental confirmation of the Standard Model, which unites all knowledge in the physics of elementary particles.
"However, this discovery is just the tip of the iceberg. There are still many questions beyond the model," the scientist noted. For example, the Standard Model does not account for gravitational force or dark matter. "High energy physics is not a particle zoo; we study how particles interact, how the Higgs boson acts, how it interacts with the heaviest quark and so on," they added.
"The MEPhI cooperates closely with Rosatom. Two-thirds of Rosatom's financial interests lie abroad and one-third is in Russia," MEPhI Rector Mikhail Strikhanov said, adding that the university should pursue its educational and scientific activities in accordance with the employer's needs and introduce its education process to other countries.
Within 75 years, the MEPhI has become more open not only in international cooperation but also in the subjects it studies and has diversified its research. Today the university is actively taking on challenging tasks, which are not directly connected with traditional areas. Emotional artificial intelligence, smart grid energy networks, biomedicine and even blockchain and the internet of things is among the areas the MEPhI is ready to integrate.
A professor at the MEPhI Department of Cybernetics and research director of the MEPhI Institute of Cyber Intelligence Systems, Alexei Samsonovich, described one of the prospective areas.
"Artificial intelligence — is it a threat or a blessing, singularity or plateau, human or machine — these are dilemmas the Institute of Intellectual Cyber Systems has to solve," they said. Speaking about the development of cognitive technology and intelligence agents, they added that the MEPhI was working on creating a "virtual actor" with elements of social and emotional intelligence.
In addition, the director of the MEPhI Institute of Laser and Plasma Technologies, Andrei Kuznetsov, described new principles of energy and beam technology, and the director of the Institute of Engineering Physics and Biomedicine, Irina Zavestovskaya, talked about new prospects and transportation for medicines.
Republicans convening for their national party meeting in Washington this week struck notes of cautious optimism concerning the upcoming midterm election, even as forecasters expect a punishing year for the GOP.
Scroll for more content...
Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel acknowledged Friday that the election "is not going to be easy," and noted historical instances of the party in power losing ground during a new president's first midterm election.
"Democrats are energized," McDaniel added, "and we need to outmatch them."
But committee leaders and state representatives remained upbeat about holding their majorities in Congress. Their outlook was buoyed in part by Republicans' successful push for tax reform late last year, as well as by record-breaking fundraising for the RNC.
"We know the midterms are tough here, but we're in a great position for that," said Bob Paduchik, the RNC's co-chairperson. "Every midterm cycle for an incumbent party's president is difficult, but we're going into this election cycle in the best possible position we can."
The RNC met for its annual winter meeting following a tumultuous stretch for the committee, including the resignation last week of finance chair Steve Wynn, following a Wall Street Journal story that documented multiple allegations of sexual misconduct against him. On Friday, the committee officially approved their replacement: Todd Ricketts, co-owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team, whom McDaniel hailed as a choice of "the highest caliber."
Fundraising has been a consistent bright spot for the committee, with the RNC announcing recently that it brought in $132.5 million last year -- a record for the committee in the year following a presidential election, and doubling the Democratic National Committee's fundraising on the year.
"I've never seen money come like it is, I've never seen the organization like it is, and I think you see that acknowledged by the Democrats," said J.L. Spray, a national committeeman from Nebraska. "There's quite a contrast."
Spray added, "I think this is going to be a good cycle, when it comes down to it.
Traditional predictors of election outcomes point to a challenging year for Republicans. The GOP has consistently trailed Democrats on the generic ballot, and President Donald Trump's approval ratings remain low relative to previous presidents. Meanwhile, Democratic candidates have over-performed in recent elections, including the Virginia governor's race.
Still, Republicans believe their successful tax reform push will pay political dividends in November, coupled with a booming economy.
"Why would you ever want to vote that out?" said Michael McDonald, chairperson of the Nevada Republican Party.
One of the biggest drags on the GOP might be the leader of the party: Trump, whose approval ratings have stagnated in the mid-30s to low 40s in most public polling. Their unpopularity poses a dilemma for some Republicans: to run with the President, or against him?
But among the committee and its members, there remained robust support for the President and confidence in how their record so far will play during the midterms.
"I think there's nothing to be afraid of in running for Trump if you focus on what's gotten done," said Robert Steele, a national committeeman from Michigan.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — US President Donald Trump's approach to handling international relations and affairs, particularly their justification of military interventions in sovereign states, threatens peace and security, French presidential candidate Francois Fillon said Tuesday.
"Frankly speaking, the current position of Trump is unpredictable and dangerous to some extent and it poses a threat to peace… one cannot carry out military interventions everywhere in the world… this is the old method of the Wild West — to shoot first and then to discuss," Fillon said in the air of Europe1 radio broadcaster.
Fillon continued to say that it is unacceptable to return to a cold war state between Russia and the United States, which incidentally possess the world's largest nuclear arsenals.
France should not support any side, as it should have "It's own independent voice," the candidate added.
Over the last several weeks, the Trump administration has made a number of unilateral decisions prescribing interference in other states' affairs with the use of military force.
On April 6, the United States launched 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at the Syrian military airfield in Ash Sha'irat. Trump said the strike was a response to the alleged chemical weapon use in the province of Idlib. The Syrian government has denied using chemical weapons and regards the US missile strike as violation of the international law. The strike was carried out in violation of the UN Charter and despite claims, including from Russia, that a proper investigation into the chemical incident in Idlib was necessary.
Shortly after the Idlib incident, US aircraft carrier Carl Vinson, with dozens of warplanes aboard and surrounded by a fleet of US warships, was routed toward the Korean Peninsula amid escalation of tensions between Pyongyang and Seoul. The warship reached the area amid reports that Trump might order a strike against North Korea in the event Pyongyang decided to carry out another nuclear weapon test.
In response, the general staff of the North Korean armed forces threatened to launch a strike against US military bases in Japan and South Korea, as well as the presidential residence in Seoul in case of US aggression.
© AP Photo/ Ahn Young-joon Apocalypse Sooner: South Korea Speeds Up Preparation of Ballistic Arsenal
In an interview with Sputnik, Liu Zhiqin, an expert with the financial research institute at the People's University of China, said that the thriving Chinese economy will not be affected by the ongoing tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
According to China's National Bureau of Statistics, the country's GDP in the first quarter of 2017 grew by 6.9 percent, which was higher than the official forecast and experts' expectations.
What's more, this proved to be the highest growth rate China's economy has been able to post since 2015.
Up 6.9%: Chinese economy hits the strongest level since 2015 https://t.co/NllAhbq0B9 — RT (@RT_com) 17 апреля 2017 г.
"Given that the Chinese economy showed sustained growth in the first quarter of this year amid the holiday season, we have ample opportunity to improve performance in the next quarter," Zhiqin said.
According to him, the next six months will be a turning point for the Chinese economy.
Chinese economy is back to double-digit growth in nominal terms: its fastest in five years. pic.twitter.com/q8x02FYeCZ — Simon Rabinovitch (@S_Rabinovitch) 17 апреля 2017 г.
Zhiqin pointed out that China's ability to continue to maintain its economic growth at 6.7-6.8 percent will depend "on a number of external and internal factors."
"The Chinese economy will not be damaged by the current situation on the Korean Peninsula, which could even have a positive impact on China's economic growth. A number of neighboring and Western countries, fearing that the situation in the region will worsen, could pre-purchase or pre-order Chinese-made goods in large quantities in order to accumulate them," they said.
Zhiqin added that even though the situation on the Korean Peninsula "will undoubtedly affect China's trade ties with North Korea, Beijing's current volume of trade with Pyongyang is 'a drop in the ocean' against the background of China's overall foreign trade turnover."
On April 5, North Korea reportedly launched a ballistic missile from Sinpho, South Hamgyong province, in the direction of the Sea of Japan.
Last Sunday, South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said that North Korea had attempted to launch an unidentified missile earlier that day but appears to have failed.
Separately, the deployment of elements of the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system began in South Korea in early March in response to North Korea's ballistic missile tests, despite China's strong opposition to the move.
© AFP 2017/ Fred DUFOUR Mainland China's Economy Accelerates in Q1, Brightens Global Outlook
Tensions between the two Koreas are rising after Pyongyang conducted two nuclear tests and launched more than 20 missiles in 2016.
US officials announced late last week that an aircraft carrier strike group was en route to the Korean Peninsula amid increasing tensions.
North Korea declared itself a nuclear power in 2005. The United States, Japan and South Korea, as well as Russia and China, took part in talks with Pyongyang between 2003 and 2009 on denuclearizing the Korean peninsula, but North Korea withdrew from the talks.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TOOELE, Utah – The owner of a female husky faces a slew of charges after the dog allegedly killed more than two dozen animals in the backyards of at least two Utah homes in just a couple of hours, according to KSTU.
Police caught the culprit – a 4-year old husky – and now their owner is facing nearly 30 misdemeanor charges.
One of the Tooele residents who lost several animals, Trip Kiss, runs a petting zoo with their wife to teach animal husbandry to children with disabilities. Chickens, ducks, peacocks, a turkey and a tortoise, are just a few of the zoo's residents.
In the early morning hours of Memorial Day, they said their motion sensors went off. When Kiss looked at the surveillance video, it showed a husky running around their yard and driveway. They said the husky was targeting their animals.
"He was chewing our goose that was at the back end there, they dug out the rabbits in their enclosure," Kiss explained.
In the video, Kiss said the Husky can be seen carrying away two rabbits. It trots out of the camera's view and into the dark.
When Kiss realized what was happening, they said the husky had already killed several of their animals.
"Two rabbits, two ducks, five chickens, a turkey, a goose," Kiss said.
They said the goose was specially trained.
"The goose was so friendly," Kiss said. "It would follow us around at Renaissance fairs, charities."
Kiss said the husky took the animals and scattered them in a two-block radius around their home. They spotted the husky in their neighborhood with one of their chickens still alive in the dog's mouth.
"The dog continued to chew on it, and it died in the dog's mouth, and they dropped it," Kiss said.
They called police, and Tooele Police Sergeant Jeremy Hansen said they found out Kiss wasn't the only animal owner affected.
"A second lady from a couple houses down came and told the officers that 15 of their chickens had also been killed by the same animal," Sgt. Hansen said.
It took a couple of hours, but they finally caught the husky and brought them to the shelter to contact the owner.
Mackenzie Morton said they got the call from the shelter to explain they had their 4-year old husky, Nikita.
Morton said Nikita went missing from their boyfriend's home, which isn't far from Kiss' house.
"I didn't know where they went, because it was dark at night," Morton explained.
They said they looked for Nikita, and came across a few dead chickens in a neighbor's yard.
Nikita took off from there, Morton said, and they couldn't find them after that. Morton said they didn't want to wake the neighbors, so they kept the door cracked open at the house for Nikita to return.
"I didn't think they were going to go on a killing spree," Morton told KSTU. "I did not know that, at all."
They said what Nikita did left them in shock because their husky hasn't acted like that before.
Morton is now offering an apology to the homeowners.
"That's not fair," Morton said, getting choked up. "And I'm so sorry."
For Kiss, they said they aren't mad at the dog. They explained that he's more upset that more wasn't done to catch the husky when they escaped or to alert the neighbors to the dead chickens right away.
"I feel anger," Kiss said. "I feel anger toward the owner, because they could have prevented this."
Sgt. Hansen said the officer cited Morton with 27 counts of misdemeanor attacking animals and one count of misdemeanor animal running at large.
They said the city attorney is screening the case for the final charges.
Nikita is in quarantine at the animal shelter. Sgt. Hansen said after the 10-day quarantine is up, an administrative hearing will determine what to do with the husky.
April 12 British recruiter PageGroup reported a record first-quarter gross profit and said it saw growth in its markets outside the UK, where client and candidate confidence levels are constrained by uncertainty after Britain's vote to leave the EU.
The company said gross profit grew 9.1 percent at constant currency to a record 170.3 million pounds ($212.7 million) in the three months ended March 31. Results were also supported by the timing of Easter, which falls in the second quarter this year.
PageGroup, which mainly finds candidates to fill permanent positions, reported a marginal fall in year-on-year UK gross profit to 36.4 million pounds, but the result still marked the region's best performance in a year.
"There remain a number of uncertainties as we continue through 2017, including the impact of Brexit in the UK, elections in Europe and Brazil's ongoing macro-economic challenges," Chief Executive Steve Ingham said in a statement.
"Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on driving profitable growth, while being able to respond quickly to any changes in market conditions," they added. ($1 = 0.8007 pounds) (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru, editing by Louise Heavens)
The 5G-Crosshaul consortium was selected in 2015 to develop a 5G transport network that would integrate backhaul and fronthaul, two typical segments of the 4G telecommunications networks. On the fifth generation of communication networks that is expected to replace 4G around 2020, these two segments merge into what is known as crosshaul to enable a flexible and software-defined reconfiguration of all networking elements in a multi-tenant, service-oriented and unified management environment.
The transport network now presented flexibly interconnects distributed 5G radio access and core network functions hosted on in-network cloud nodes. This configuration is achieved through the implementation of a control infrastructure coupled with a unified data plane, encompassing innovative high-capacity transmission technologies as well as novel deterministic-latency switch architectures. "The data plane is like a muscle, while the control infrastructure would be like a brain. Thanks to their integration we can move a huge amount of data in a very short time, and we can do it by controlling how long it takes to perform this process," explains one of the researchers.
"It has been truly an honor to oversee one of the most ambitious 5G transport network research and development efforts to date," said the Coordinator of the 5G-Crosshaul project, Arturo Azcorra, Professor at the Telematics Department of UC3M and Director of IMDEA Networks. "The successful results of the 5G-Crosshaul project have advanced scientific knowledge and the international standardization of 5G systems. They have ultimately contributed to an increase in Europe's global competitiveness in 5G."
The 5G-Crosshaul solution was demonstrated and validated through 18 experiments integrating multiple technology components from the project partners. Real-world trials took place at sites in Berlin, Madrid, Barcelona and Taiwan, and delivered sub-millisecond latency, tens of Gbps throughput, and proven energy and cost savings of up to 70%, depending on the deployment scenario. The trials also demonstrated fast service deployment time in the order of minutes, taking advantage of SDN (software-defined networking) and NFV (network function virtualization) concepts.
"The 5G-Crosshaul project has delivered a novel transport network that provides overall resource optimization and brings capital and operational expenditures to a reasonable return of investment," said Xavier Costa, Head of 5G Networks R&D and Deputy General Manager of the Security & Networking R&D Division at NEC Laboratories Europe. "The level of innovation achieved has set the stage to deliver the huge increase on the available bandwidth and the ultra-low-latency required by the fifth generation of network technologies."
Following the final project review that was held at the R&D+i 5TONIC laboratory headquartered at IMDEA Networks and performed by independent experts appointed by the European Commission, the 5G-Crosshaul project was reported to "have fully achieved its objectives and milestones and delivered exceptional results with significant immediate or potential impact". The EU experts' report also highlighted the production of 91 scientific publications in several prestigious journals, 74 presentations in international venues, 28 demonstrations (including several made at flagship events such as the Mobile World Congress) and 35 contributions to international standardization bodies, amongst other results.
The report continued to note that "several key innovations have been identified, and some of them have been mapped to products for exploitation. The project has so far registered five patent applications. Future exploitation plans are expected to emerge from the partners, outside the project umbrella and based on these innovations."
"Throughout its lifetime, the 5G-Crosshaul project has successfully delivered 60-plus technological and informational contributions to the advancement of 5G standards," said Paola Iovanna from Ericsson and the project's Innovation Manager. "The project produced radical technological innovations, several directly mapped to products, setting this project as one of the most groundbreaking and unique projects to date."
"The project's relevance will go well beyond its impressive track record of having brought together a diverse set of parties from all parts of the 5G ecosystem to deliver advanced research complemented with an innovative set of demonstrations," said Thomas Deiß, from Mobile Networks, Nokia. "In the ongoing and upcoming 5G rollouts - not just in the EU, but globally - the importance of the transport network must not be overlooked; 5G-Crosshaul made significant contributions towards that recognition, while keeping a holistic perspective on all technologies that are shaping the mobile transport networks of the future."
###
Despite the economic recovery, Cyprus cannot afford to get complacent in regard to necessary structural reforms, a senior European Commission official told local MPs on Tuesday.
“Cyprus is in a comfortable position, with high growth, new jobs, the fiscal position is under control, non-performing loans remain at high levels but are declining. But the next crisis could be lurking around the corner and Cyprus must be prepared,” said Manfred Bergmann of the Directorate General for Economic and Financial Affairs of the European Commission.
They were meeting with MPs of the House finance and labour committees. Bergmann is in Cyprus as part of a tour of EU member states ahead of preparing the Commission's country reports.
In their remarks, Bergmann urged the legislative and the executive branches to seek consensus for structural economic reforms, pointing out that the current government lacks a majority in parliament.
“I encourage you to explore compromises as Cyprus has no need for a hung parliament, particularly in good times, because otherwise all you can do is wait for the next crisis.
“You need to make hay while the sun shines,” they said.
According to Bergmann, the Commission's assessments and recommendations to Cyprus regarding structural reforms are largely unchanged compared to those in 2017 and 2016.
Issues like non-performing loans and the public debt to GDP ratio are easier to manage in times of growth, they noted.
“But on other issues, progress has been slow, and this is likewise as a result of the government's minority in parliament.”
For their part, MP Marios Mavrides of the ruling Disy party said the National Health Scheme is the only area where the European Commission has noted substantial progress.
“On other issues, such as privatisations and non-performing loans, very little to no progress is noted,” they said.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The PFL finalizes the venue of the Global Cebu vs Ceres-Negros finals match
Published 8:28 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Philippines Football League (PFL) announced on Monday, December 11, that the finals knockout match between Global Cebu FC and Ceres-Negros FC will be held at the Pana-ad Stadium in Bacolod on Saturday, December 16.
Prior to the announcement, Global Cebu FC sent an appeal to the PFL that stated they were "exercising their right to host the PFL final" based on the argument that they were included in the fixture whose winner had the right to host the final.
(READ: Global Cebu FC wants to host PFL finals in Cebu City Sports Complex)
According to the statement released by the PFL, the league arrived at a decision after the second finals series meeting with the clubs. In their first meeting held on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, the top 4 clubs were "invited to signify their intention to host the Finals," but are still subjected to the PFL "making the final decision in accordance with Article 2.11 of the PFL Tournament Regulations."
Only FC Meralco Manila and Ceres signified their intent to host the final match, where the Manila team would have hosted it in Rizal Memorial Stadium. Cebu City Sports Complex was not available due to the "pitch and lighting" conditions, while University of the Makati "would not be able to host back-to-back matches."
The PFL also cited that they arrived at the decision to host it at Pana-ad due to "a variety of factors including, but not limited to, venue availability, commercial, marketing, and financial considerations."
The finals match will kick off at 6 pm on Saturday, while the 3rd and 4th place match between Meralco and Kaya FC will take place on Friday, December 15 at the Rizal Memorial Stadium but the time is yet to be finalized. – Rappler.com
April 24 (UPI) -- Data from the Department of Education released Tuesday showed black students are disproportionately arrested and disciplined compared to white students.
Thirty-one percent of K-12 students who were arrested or referred to law enforcement were black, while black students accounted for 15 percent of the total student population across U.S. public schools and districts, according to the Civil Rights Data Collection for the 2015-16 school year.
The 16-point disparity between black student enrollment and law enforcement referrals was up from 11 percent in the 2013-14 school year.
Conversely, white students accounted for 36 percent of students who were arrested or referred to police, while representing 49 percent of all enrolled students.
Black students also were disproportionately restrained and secluded, representing 27 percent of all students who were restrained and 23 percent of those secluded.
Black males also accounted for 23 percent of expulsions, while white males accounted for 27 percent. Black and white females each accounted for 10 percent of all expulsions.
Black male students accounted for 25 percent of students who received an out-of-school suspension, while representing 8 percent of enrolled students and black female students, who also represented 8 percent of enrolled students, accounted for 14 percent of students who received an out-of-school suspension.
The data also showed that race was the second most commonly reported reason for bullying among male students at 62 percent, behind disability at 66 percent. A total of 63 percent of female students reported being bullied most often due to their gender.
Black students disproportionately reported being harassed or bullied for their race -- 35 percent reported such incidents.
In a statement released along with the data Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said "protecting all students' civil rights is at the core of the department's mission."
"I want to commend the many educators, school leaders and OCR staff who put in countless hours to produce this data and who work tirelessly to ensure all students are able to learn in a safe and nurturing environment free from discrimination," they said.
PREMIER WEDDING OFFICIAL PROMOTION RULES
1. Promotion Description. This promotion is sponsored by Premier Bride Mississippi, PO Box 718 + Ridgeland, MS 39158-0718 (“Sponsor(s)”). The promotion begins at 8:00am on Wednesday, August 16, 2017 and ends at 8:00am on Friday, Aug. 18, 2017. Entries must be received by 8:00am on Friday, August 18, 2017. Promotion is void where prohibited. By entering, each entrant accepts and agrees to be bound by these promotion rules.
2. Eligibility. No purchase necessary to enter or win. This promotion is open only to legal U.S. residents of the following counties in the station's viewing area: Harrison, Hancock, Stone, George, and Jackson Counties who are 18 years of age or older at the time of entry . Winner will be selected on Friday, August 18, 2017. Employees and immediate family members of employees of Raycom Media, Inc., WLOX, the other Sponsor(s), and their respective parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, and their advertising and production agencies are not eligible to participate in this promotion. Only one entry per email address will be accepted, and multiple entries will be disqualified.
3. How to Enter. There are two ways to enter this promotion. Beginning at 8:00am on Wednesday, August 16, 2017, individuals can access the contest through WLOX contest site www.weekend.wlox.com. Entries must be received by 8:00am on Friday, August 18, 2017 in order to qualify. All entries become the property of Sponsor(s), and Sponsor(s) reserve(s) the right to use any information submitted by entrants.
Entries must be filled out completely and legibly in order, to qualify, and will be void if they are, in whole or in part, incomplete, illegible, damaged, irregular, counterfeit, altered, or obtained through theft or fraud. No mechanically reproduced, software-generated or other automated multiple entries are permitted. Sponsor(s) is/are not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected or mutilated entries, including due to transmission, technical, and/or network failures of any kind, including, without limitation, malfunctioning of any hardware or software (whether originating with sender or Sponsor(s)), telephonic failures, human error, or any other error or malfunction. For online entries, the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at time of entry will be considered the entrant. An “authorized account holder” shall mean the natural person assigned to such e-mail account by the Internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with such e-mail account. A potential winner may be requested to provide proof that they or they are the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with a winning entry.
Entrants agree not to upload, post or transmit any materials which contain any computer viruses, Easter eggs, worms, Trojan Horses or other harmful component or programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information. Any attempt to deliberately damage any web site or undermine the operation of the promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and Sponsor(s) reserve(s) the right to seek damages from any person who makes such attempt(s).
Entry materials that have been tampered with or altered are void. Any questions regarding the number of entries submitted by an individual or the authorized account holder of an e-mail address shall be determined by Sponsor(s) in its/their sole discretion, and Sponsor(s) reserve(s) the right to disqualify any entries by persons determined to be tampering with or abusing any aspect of the promotion.
By entering this promotion, entrant agrees that WLOX and the other Sponsor(s) of this promotion may provide entrant with promotional materials and that WLOX may release entrant's personally identifiable registration information to the other Sponsor(s) for that purpose. WLOX is not responsible for the use of entrant's personally identifiable information by the other Sponsor(s).
4. Prize(s). One winner will receive two (2) VIP tickets to the Premier Wedding Show on August 20, 2017 at The Event Center at CLIMB CDC from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. CT and a 2-night stay at the Beau Rivage Casino & Resort (located at 875 Beach Blvd, Biloxi, MS 39530). This 2-night stay is eligible for use through August 31, 2018. Approximate retail value $700.00-$850.00 (Seven hundred dollar to eight hundred fifty dollars).
No prize may be exchanged for cash, transferred, or assigned by the winner(s). Sponsor(s) reserve the right to substitute a prize, in which case a prize of equal or greater value will be awarded.
5. How the Prizes are Awarded. Winner will be chosen by random computer draw from all eligible entries received. Winner will be emailed their membership confirmation. Winner will be called to confirm the email was received.
6. Odds of Winning. The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received.
7. Conditions of Acceptance of Prize. Driver's license or other appropriate picture identification is required to claim a prize. The winner(s), and if applicable any travel companion(s), will be required to execute and return a release and affidavit of eligibility within 30 days of prize notification, or the prize will be forfeited.
Winner(s) will be solely responsible for any, and all local, state, and federal taxes, as well as license and registration fees, transportation costs, gratuities and other items of an incidental nature. WLOX will report any individual winnings over $600 (in cash or fair market value of goods or services) in a one year period to the Internal Revenue Service. Winner(s) will receive a Form 1099 from WLOX- TV if WLOX -TV reports any winnings to the Internal Revenue Service.
Each winner agrees to the use of their or their name and likeness in publicity without any additional compensation, except where prohibited by law. By entering this promotion, each winner acknowledges that WLOX-TV, and all other sponsors and venues, have the right to publicize and broadcast each winner's name, voice, and likeness, the fact that they or they won, and all matters incidental thereto.
8. Limitation on Liability. By entering this promotion, each entrant forever discharges and releases Sponsor(s), its/their parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability, claims, causes of action, suits, and demands of any kind arising from or in connection with the promotion, including, without limitation, responsibility for property damage, loss of life, or personal injury or death resulting from or in connection with participating in the promotion or from or in connection with use or receipt of the prize(s), however caused.
9. Sponsor's Reservation of Rights. These official rules are subject to modification WLOX-TV. In the event of a dispute, all decisions made by WLOX-TV are final and binding. Sponsor(s) reserve(s) the right, in its/their sole discretion, to disqualify any person who tampers with the entry process or the operation of Sponsor's/Sponsors' web site(s), or who otherwise acts in violation of these official rules. Sponsor(s) further reserve(s) the right, in its/their sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, or modify this promotion if, for any reason, the promotion is not capable of completion as planned (including, but not limited to, for the following reasons: infection by computer virus, technical corruption, force majeure, or non-authorized human intervention that compromises or affects the administration, fairness, integrity, security, or proper conduct of the promotion).
10. List of Winners. For a list of winners, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to WLOX-TV,208 Debuys Road, Biloxi, MS 39531.
There are too many trees in Sierra Nevada forests, say scientists affiliated with the National Science Foundation (NSF) Southern Sierra Critical Zone Observatory (CZO).
That may come as a surprise to those who see dense, verdant forests as signs of a healthy environment. After all, green is good, right? Not necessarily. When it comes to the number of trees in California forests, bigger isn't always better.
That's in part because trees use lots of water to carry out basic biological tasks. In addition, they act as forest steam stacks, raking up water stored in the ground and expelling it as vapor into the atmosphere, where it's accessible to humans and forest ecosystems only when it falls back to Earth as rain and snow.
That process -- by which plants emit water through tiny pores in their leaves -- is known as evapotranspiration. And according to researchers, excessive evapotranspiration may harm a fragile California water system, especially during prolonged, warm droughts.
New research published this week in the journal Ecohydrology shows that water loss from evapotranspiration has decreased significantly over the past three decades. That's due in large part to wildfire-driven forest thinning -- a finding with important implications for forest and water management.
A century of forest management had kept wildfires to a minimum. But without fire, Sierra forests grew very dense. In recent decades, new policies have allowed nature to take its course, with wildfires helping to thin out overgrown forests.
"Forest wildfires are often considered disasters," said Richard Yuretich, director of NSF's CZO program, which funded the research. "But fire is part of healthy forest ecosystems. By thinning out trees, fires can reduce water stress in forests and ease water shortages during droughts. And by reducing the water used by plants, more rainfall flows into rivers and accumulates in groundwater."
Using data from CZO measurement towers and U.S. Geological Survey satellites, researchers found that over the period 1990 to 2008, fire-thinned forests saved 3.7 billion gallons of water annually in California's Kings River Basin and a whopping 17 billion gallons of water annually in the American River Basin -- water that would otherwise have been lost through evapotranspiration.
Forest thinning has increased in recent decades in an effort to stave off disastrous wildfires fueled by dense forests. This study shows that restoring forests through mechanical thinning or wildfire can also save California billions of gallons of water each year.
"The need for forest restoration is being driven largely by the need to lower the risk of high-intensity wildfires and restore forest health," said University of California Merced scientist Roger Bales, director of the Southern Sierra CZO and study co-author. "Downstream users who benefit from the increased water yield are an important potential revenue stream that can help offset some of the costs of restoration."
Forested areas needing restoration are large, Bales said, but potential changes in water availability are significant. The total effect of wildfires over a 20-year period suggests that forest thinning could increase water flow from Sierra Nevada watersheds by as much as 10 percent.
The U.S. Forest Service says that 6 to 8 of the 21-million acres it manages in California need immediate restoration. Another 58 million acres nationally also require restoration. For California alone, restoration costs are estimated at $5 to $10 billion. But, according to the study authors, the restoration might help pay for itself.
"We've known for some time that managed forest fires are the only way to restore the majority of overstocked western forests and reduce the risk of catastrophic fires," said James Roche, a National Park Service hydrologist and lead author of the new study. "We can now add the potential benefit of increased water yield from these watersheds."
###
Find related stories on NSF's Critical Zone Observatories webpage.
'In my view what was done to me was inhuman,' says Associate Justice Francis Jardeleza
Published 7:50 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Time does not heal all wounds, as it turns out.
For their attempt to exclude them from the Supreme Court (SC) short list in 2014, Associate Justice Francis Jardeleza accused Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno of illegally obtaining a classified government document, and committing an act of treason.
“You were the one who committed treason. Walang pakundangan na ginamit mo ang top secret document (you used a top secret document without care),” Jardeleza said, addressing Sereno during the House justice committee hearing on Monday, December 11.
Jardeleza said that when Sereno tried to block them from the short list to become an SC justice, they used a memorandum that was supposed to be classified and compromised the Philippines' arbitration case over the West Philippine Sea.
This calls to mind March 30, 2014, when the Philippine government filed its memorial or memorandum with the arbitral tribunal in the country's case that challenged China's maritime claims in the West Philippine Sea.
Unknown to many at the time, there was a scramble among the lawyers of the Philippine panel over which version of a memorial would be submitted to the tribunal.
Itu Aba
Jardeleza, then solicitor general, did not want to include Itu Aba in the memorial.
At the time, the government's position was that Itu Aba is a rock, Jardeleza said. If the tribunal recognized Itu Aba as an island that would overlap with the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) of Palawan, the tribunal would lose jurisdiction over the Philippines' claim. This would boost China's case.
Complete with visual aids on Monday, Jardeleza addressed the issue at length for the first time since 2014.
Jardeleza said the country's American lawyers, led by Paul Reichler, wanted to include Itu Aba in the memorial. Jardeleza said this came as a surprise to all of them.
“Ang buong pangkat ng gobyerno ng Pilipinas ang nagsabing hindi puwede, huwag isama ang Itu Aba, ‘yun ang desisyon nung January 2014. Unanimous ang desisyon, walang pumalag, walang dissenting opinion,” Jardeleza said.
(The entire Philippine team agreed not to include Itu Aba. This was the decision in January 2014. It was unanimous, no one disagreed, no dissenting opinion.)
But when they went to Washington DC, Jardeleza said Reichler had inserted 14 paragraphs about Itu Aba in their memorial.
“Ang Pangulo namin ay hindi abugado, sabi ko kay Reichler, gawa ka ng memorandum, ilatag mo in tabular form, ano ang epektong ligal kung ‘yung 14 paragraphs ay isama, or kung hindi isama, para si Pangulong Aquino na hindi abugado ay hindi maligaw,” Jardeleza said.
(Our President is not a lawyer, I told Reichler to write a memorandum laying down in tabular form the legal effects of including or excluding Itu Aba, so President Aquino, who is not a lawyer, would not get lost.)
The memorandum
At this time, then foreign secretary Albert del Rosario sided with Reichler.
Rappler editors Chay Hofileña and Marites Dañguilan Vitug wrote in 2016 that Jardeleza deleted Reichler's Itu Aba paragraphs. Reichler sought a meeting with then president Benigno Aquino III, but they were made to wait for hours and the meeting never happened.
It was then justice secretary Leila de Lima who eventually convinced Aquino to adopt Reichler's version.
They would eventually file the memorial which included Itu Aba. And as we know now, the Philippines won that case in a historic ruling in 2016.
In excluding Itu Aba, Court insiders then said that Jardeleza reportedly argued this would have appeased China and helped restore normal ties with the regional superpower. This was not mentioned in the House hearing on Monday.
In May 2014, Jardeleza applied for a spot at the SC.
Sereno blocked their nomination citing integrity issues. Under the rules of the Judicial and Bar Council (JBC), if integrity issues are raised, the nominee would have to get a unanimous vote to be included in the short list.
Obviously, Sereno did not vote for Jardeleza. Because of their opposition to the inclusion of Itu Aba, Sereno accused Jardeleza of disloyalty to the Republic.
It was Reichler's memorandum which was used by Sereno, according to Jardeleza.
‘You committed treason'
Jardeleza said Reichler sent the memorandum through an encrypted email using Israeli technology, which could not be hacked.
The case was still ongoing at the time and a leak of Philippine lawyers' disagreements would have given the “opponents” the upper hand.
“Ang tanong, ito pong kaso natin, is a purely executive department activity. Hindi kasama ang judiciary. Ang tanong paano napunta kay Chief Justice? Sino ang nagbigay?” Jardeleza said.
(The question is, this was a purely executive department activity. The judiciary was not part of this. The question is, how did the Chief Justice get the memorandum? Who gave it to her?)
Jardeleza said illegally obtaining a top secret document is a disloyal act to the country.
“Ako ay pinaratangan na disloyal o naghudas sa bayan natin, eh sa pananaw ko po, it is the chief justice who acted disloyally, naghudas sa bayan natin, eh bakit niya gagamitin itong top secret document, para sa anong gamit? Hindi siya kasama sa arbitration, ang ginamit niya na dokumento ay illegally secured,” Jardeleza said.
(I was accused of being disloyal to the country, in my view, it is the Chief Justice who acted disloyally to the country. Why would they use a top secret document, for what end? They were not part of the arbitration, the document they used was illegally secured.)
The Justice went further and accused Sereno of committing treason.
Quoting from Sereno's own supplemental comment to when they blocked Jardeleza's nomination, the Chief Justice supposedly tackled Itu Aba and called it “the largest island in the Spratlys.”
This is contrary to the government's official stance, Jardeleza said, and may have compromised the ongoing case at the time.
“As they say the rest is history, buti na lang nanalo tayo….Habang pending pa ang kaso, bakit naman tatawagin akong traydor sa Inang Bayan? Sa palagay ko, you were the one who committed treason,” Jardeleza said.
(As they say, the rest is history, it's a good thing we won. But while it was ongoing, why would they call me a traitor to the Motherland? In my view, you were the one who committed treason.)
The en banc overturned Sereno on the exclusion of Jardeleza in the JBC short list, and Aquino ended up appointing them to the High Court.
"Until now, I still don't know why it was done to me. In my view, what was done to me was inhuman," Jardeleza said. – Rappler.com
President Vladimir Putin ordered “a significant part” of Russia's military contingent in Syria to start withdrawing on Monday, saying Moscow and Damascus had achieved their mission of destroying Islamic State in just over two years.
Putin, who polls show will be re-elected comfortably in March, made the announcement during a surprise visit to Russia's Hmeymim air base in Syria, where they held talks with President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian forces.
The Kremlin first launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015 in its biggest Middle East intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in Assad's favour, while dramatically increasing Moscow's own influence in the region.
Syrian state television quoted Assad as thanking Putin for Russia's help, saying the blood of Moscow's “martyrs” had been mixed with the blood of the Syrian army.
Russia's campaign, which has been extensively covered on state TV, has not caught the imagination of most Russians. But nor has it stirred unease of the kind the Soviet Union faced with its calamitous 1980s intervention in Afghanistan.
The use of private military contractors, something which has been documented by Reuters but denied by the defence ministry, has allowed Moscow to keep the public casualty toll fairly low.
Russia's “mission completed” moment in Syria may help Putin increase the turnout at the March presidential election by appealing to the patriotism of voters.
Though polls show they will easily win, they also show that some Russians are increasingly apathetic about politics, and Putin's supporters are keen to get them re-elected on a big turnout, which in their eyes confers legitimacy.
‘THE MOTHERLAND AWAITS'
Putin, who has dominated Russia's political landscape for the last 17 years with the help of state television, told Russian servicemen they would return home as victors.
“The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part been solved, and solved spectacularly,” said Putin.
Wearing a dark suit and speaking in front of a row of servicemen holding Russian flags, Putin said their military had proved its might, that Moscow had succeeded in keeping Syria intact as a “sovereign independent state” and that the conditions had been created for a political solution.
Putin is keen to organise a special event in Russia – the Syrian Congress on National Dialogue – that Moscow hopes will bring together the Syrian government and opposition and try to hammer out a new constitution.
“I congratulate you!” Putin told the servicemen.
“A significant part of the Russian military contingent in the Syrian Arab Republic is returning home, to Russia. The Motherland is waiting for you.”
Putin made clear however that while Russia might be drawing down much of its forces, its military presence in Syria was a permanent one and that it would retain enough firepower to destroy any Islamic State comeback.
Russia will keep its Hmeymim air base in Syria‘s Latakia Province and its naval facility in theSyrian Mediterranean port of Tartous “on a permanent basis,” said Putin.
Both bases are protected by sophisticated air defence missile systems.
Separately, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Putin and Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan would discuss a possible political resolution to Syria‘s more than six-year-old war when they met later on Monday in Ankara, as well as preparations for the work of the Syrian Congress on National Dialogue.
Intro to the Bit of Info
Brad Mitchell introduces you to their commentary segment, and lays out some of the subject types he'll be tackling.
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- Outgoing Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen won't be out of a job for long -- she's joining the Brookings Institution as a distinguished fellow next week, the organization announced Friday.
Yellen ends their four-year term as Fed chief Saturday, and by Monday she'll be taking up a post at the Washington, D.C.,-based economic think tank. She's following in the footsteps of their predecessor at the Fed, Ben Bernanke, who joined Brookings in 2014.
"Although many hoped that she'd get a second term as Fed chair, we at Brookings are very pleased to have them join our team," wrote David Wessel, the director of the Hutchins Center on Fiscal and Monetary Policy at Brookings.
They described Yellen's record at the Fed as "pretty darn good."
"The Fed has begun to shrink its portfolio and -- very gradually -- has raised interest rates without triggering unwelcome turmoil in financial markets or disrupting the economy's recovery from the Great Recession. Unemployment was 6.7 percent when they were sworn in; today, it's 4.1 inflation remains shy of the Fed's 2 percent target, but it is getting closer."
Powell is scheduled to be sworn in as the new chairperson of the Fed on Monday. They received bipartisan support from the Senate, which confirmed them with a vote of 85-12 in January.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK, NY -- Dating is hard enough as it is, especially in a big city! For one guy, it just got a whole lot harder.
Matthew Herrick, a model and actor in New York, is having some issues with their dating life. Their ex-boyfriend has allegedly been creating fake Grindr accounts with Herrick's pictures, specs, and even some flat out lies as a part of some elaborate revenge scheme.
One lie being he's HIV positive.
That doesn't seem to stop the more than 1,100 men who have shown up at Matthew's apartment and workplace for the past five months.
Turns out, the fake Matthew accounts give these potential love bugs the address and invites them there. Real Matthew says they get approached by at least 16 strangers a day. The kicker? The strangers are told to keep pursuing Matt, even if they are resistant, as a part of some fantasy or role play.
Matthew claims they sent over 100 complaints to Grindr but is now suing them.
They took to Twitter and said:
This is important not just in my case but others who suffer at the hands of negligence by companies hiding behind outdated laws. https://t.co/HvBmqy81el — Matthew Herrick (@MatthewSHerrick) April 14, 2017
Lets hope a solution is found so Matthew can move on once and for all.
The Canadian Press
PICTOU, N.S. -- The proposed route of a pipeline that would carry effluent from the Northern Pulp mill into the Northumberland Strait will be changed due to concerns over potential ice damage.
Kathy Cloutier, director of communications at Paper Excellence, said Tuesday a sonar study found ice scouring near the proposed location of the pipeline's outfall off Pictou, N.S.
They said that will mean the pipeline may have to go into deeper waters to avoid the ice that scrapes along the ocean bottom.
"You're doing this study to discover unknowns. Nobody would go into a project without full clarity on your proposed route," they said in a telephone interview.
"You're trying to avoid any impacts and have as clear a route as possible."
In addition, the undersea scans by Marine Geotech and Habitat Assessment in April, May and June found the proposed route was too close to a shipwreck discovered in July 2015 and a collapsed pier.
Cloutier said the new information means a delay in the company filing its environmental assessment report, and will lead to higher project costs.
Under provincial legislation, the mill has until Jan. 30, 2020, to replace its current wastewater treatment plant in Boat Harbour.
The wastewater lagoons contain nearly 50 years worth of toxic waste that provincial Environment Minister Iain Rankin has called one of the worst cases of environmental racism in the province.
It has been a major concern for the local Mi'kmaq community, which launched a lawsuit in 2010 seeking to eject the treatment plant from its land.
The proposal for a pipeline to transport the treated effluent from a new facility into the ocean has also met with opposition.
In February, groups representing fishermen in Nova Scotia, P.E.I., and New Brunswick suspended further meetings with the mill after voicing frustration over its insistence on a pipe.
The company has said it had thoroughly investigated the treatment options available to bleached kraft mills like Northern Pulp, which produce a higher quality paper.
It calls for a system that would meet all federal environmental standards for suspended solids and oxygen depletion.
Effluent would be carried by polyethelyne pipe across Pictou Harbour and released through six dispersal pipes into the Strait.
The company said the proposed system would reduce the need for bleaching chemicals by about 30 to 40 per cent.
Northern Pulp was originally to submit an environmental assessment to Nova Scotia's Environment Department sometime in July.
However, Cloutier said the latest sonar work means the environmental submission likely wouldn't be until the fall.
"This will mean winter construction," they said.
-- Story by Michael Tutton in Halifax.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
BRIDGEWATER, N.S. -- The case of a Nova Scotia police chief facing sex charges involving a 17-year-old girl has been adjourned until next month.
John Collyer of the Bridgewater police force was suspended with pay for 60 days in May after being charged.
Their lawyer David Bright says they appeared on behalf of their client in Bridgewater provincial court today and the case was adjourned until July 27 for election and plea.
The police commission in Bridgewater passed a motion to suspend Collyer on May 4, the same day it was announced they were facing charges.
The 53-year-old was placed on administrative leave by the commission in August after the province's Serious Incident Response Team confirmed it was investigating the alleged sexual assault.
The independent police watchdog laid one charge of sexual assault and two charges of sexual exploitation against Collyer over allegations dating between April 1 and July 31 of last year.
Collyer, a 26-year veteran of the police force, had been chief for five years when the original allegations surfaced.
A number of other matches on the men's side of the draw remain in the balance. Ninth-seeded John Isner is serving at 3-4 in the fifth set against Belgian qualifier Ruben Bemelmans.
After knocking out sixth-seeded Grigor Dimitrov, Stan Wawrinka is struggling to back up their first-round performance as they trail Italian qualifier Thomas Fabbiano by two sets.
___
7 p.m.
Play has been halted by rain at Wimbledon. It's the first rain break of this year's tournament after two days of sunshine.
___
6:50 p.m.
Jan-Lennard Struff will face Roger Federer in the third round at Wimbledon after a 6-7 (5), 3-6, 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 13-11 comeback victory over Ivo Karlovic.
Despite being on the receiving end of 61 aces from Karlovic, the 64th-ranked Struff prevailed in just short of four hours as they sent down 31 aces of their own.
The final point count was 206-205 in Struff's favour, with the German player's first break of serve coming in the last game of the match.
Their reward is a meeting with defending champion Federer, who earlier defeated Lukas Lacko 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
___
5:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki has made another early exit from Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion lost 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia in a second-round match after being bothered by a swarm of flying insects in the second set.
Wozniacki has never been past the round of 16 at Wimbledon, and this is the fourth time in seven years they have lost in the first or second round.
The second-seeded Dane saved four match points at 5-3 in the final set before breaking back to level the match. But they were broken again in the last game.
Organizers used bug spray after Wozniacki complained to the chair umpire about the insects.
 They are the fifth of the top eight women seeds to lose before the third round.
___
5:45 p.m.
Serena Williams continued their Wimbledon return by moving into the third round with an emphatic 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova.
The seven-time champion lost just five of 32 points on their first serve as they took a little over an hour to triumph against their 135th-ranked opponent.
Williams was unable to defend their 2016 Wimbledon title last year because they were pregnant.
Despite their ranking having fallen to 181, Williams is seeded 25th this year.
The 36-year-old American next faces German Tatjana Maria or Kristina Mladenovic of France.
___
5:05 p.m.
Second-seeded Caroline Wozniacki is battling a difficult opponent and a swarm of flying bugs at Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion complained to the chair umpire about the bugs that invaded No. 1 Court after they lost the first set 6-4 against Ekaterina Makarova of Russia. After shaking their head repeatedly on court to get the flying insects out of their hair, the Dane asked for bug spray to be used.
That seemed to do the trick — at least when it came to improving their own game. Wozniacki won the second set 6-1 to level the match.
___
4:25 p.m.
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey.
After hitting just four winners in the opening set, the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in their career.
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey.
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year.
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach their first Grand Slam semifinal, where they were defeated by Marin Cilic.
___
4:15 p.m.
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on their own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon.
Federer didn't drop a point on their serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third, when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line.
In total, the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on their serve and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
___
3:45 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon.
And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. Their coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account, showing them and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey.
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which they made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but they had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said they didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's their business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
UGC Is Performing Better than Brand Posts on Facebook
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
An uptick in political conversation isn't the only thing changing Facebook.
UGC Is Performing Better than Brand Posts on Facebook
Facebook made headlines last year when it revealed that it was running out of advertising space in its news feed. Marketers have felt the effects of that decline, in the forms of diminishing organic search returns and pricier ads on the social network. Still, there may be a silver lining here in the relative performance of user-generated content (UGC).
Even though the average number of posts per user declined by about 30% compared to 2015, UGC posts featuring brands earned almost seven-times more engagement than brand-generated posts in 2016, according to a new study by influencer marketing company Mavrck.
“[Brands] need to start activating their Facebook fans to share content that includes their brand on Facebook rather than investing time and budget into trying to do their own content… because we know organic reach is always declining now more than ever,” says Liz Gottbrecht, Mavrck's director of marketing.
The study — which analyzed more than 25 million user-generated posts throughout 2016 — found that news feed engagement has been on the rise since March 2016, when Facebook changed its algorithm to prioritize Facebook Live video and user-shared content. This marked a reversal of a seven-month long trend of steep news feed decline, according to the study.
In terms of leveraging fans to better drive performance, Mavrck advises marketers to pay special attention to “micro-influencers,” people in the 75th influence percentile who have 500 friends or more. “We're looking at the actual user-level influence versus someone who is a celebrity or has a sponsored [page] or brand page,” Gottbrecht says.
Still, UGC will likely not be a perfect solution to the fluidity of Facebook's advertising environment.
“One challenge we do have around UGC is that Facebook doesn't release the number of impressions that a post created by a consumer earns, only the engagements in terms of likes, comments, shares, and clicks,” says Lyle Stevens, CEO of Mavrck.
Marketers are ultimately operating in a walled garden when it comes to social networks, especially in the case of Facebook (a company that has a history of not being as intuitive and transparent as some marketers would like). But with the news feed becoming a more fiercely competitive space for advertisers and the channel showing few signs of waning, marketers need to diversify their approach on Facebook.
RELATIVES of Canning Vale brawl victim Jacob Cummins have revealed their heartbreak over the death of their “precious little boy” and hit back at “negative comments” surrounding their son's death.
The 17-year-old died they were hit by a car on Eucalyptus Boulevard shortly after a fight broke out at a McDonald's restaurant in the suburb last Thursday.
A 35-year-old man has been charged over an alleged stabbing at the fast food restaurant, while a 20-year-old woman has been charged with Jacob's murder.
In a statement released via police today, the parents said they were “devastated and heartbroken” by their only child's death.
“We feel like it's a bad dream and need to wake up,” they said.
The parents said Jacob was a funny and caring boy, who loved soccer and had taken part in a charity walk in aid of suicide prevention.
They denied their son was part of a gang.
“He was just a normal teenager, our precious little boy,” they said.
“We ask that you please give us, the family, a chance to grieve in peace and stop all the negative comments and remember a life has been lost, our baby boy's life.
“Two sets of parents have been destroyed by this and no parent should ever have to go through either ordeal.
“Rest in peace our beautiful boy.”
On Saturday, family and friends gathered to remember the teen at Scarborough Beach - Jacob's favourite stretch of coastline.
Jacob's mother was among more than 80 people from different cultures who congregated to remember the Dublin-born teenager and former student of Safety Bay Senior High School.
Sprite launches two new cherry-flavored products
Sprite is adding two new cherry-flavored products to its beverage portfolio.
Today, Sprite Cherry is hitting store shelves nationwide. The brand also is introducing Sprite Cherry Zero to give fans another delicious zero-sugar and zero-calorie option.
Both new options, which combine the cool, crisp, refreshing taste of Sprite with a splash of cherry flavor, are clear, caffeine-free and made with 100 percent natural flavors.
They each deliver the cut-through, thirst-quenching refreshment that fans have always loved about their favorite lemon-lime sparkling beverage.
Coca-Cola North America Sprite & Citrus Brands director Bobby Oliver said: “We're always looking for new ways to give people more choice and variety, whether it's launching a limited-time product or a seasonal flavor, and this time, we're excited to bring two new flavor innovations to the Sprite portfolio.
“The launch of Sprite Cherry and Sprite Cherry Zero is a great way to show our fans that we're continuing to innovate and offering them more of the great Sprite taste they love with a twist of something new.”
Fans can find Sprite Cherry and Sprite Cherry Zero at convenience retail outlets and other retail stores nationwide starting now. Sprite Cherry Zero is the latest zero-sugar product innovation for Coca-Cola North America, joining a roster of nearly 250 other great-tasting zero-sugar beverages offered in the United States.
The new permanent additions to the Sprite portfolio follow previous limited-edition flavor innovations, including Sprite Cranberry, Sprite Cranberry Zero, Sprite Tropical Mix and Sprite LeBron's Mix.
Self-serve Coca-Cola Freestyle also offers a delicious Sprite and cherry flavor combination that is already a favorite fan choice.
In fact, the launch of Sprite Cherry and Sprite Cherry Zero marks the first time insights from Coca-Cola Freestyle were used to inspire the nationwide roll-out of a new product.
While formulations vary between fountain and bottled beverages, all Sprite and cherry flavor options deliver delicious, thirst-quenching refreshment.
Source: Company Press Release
Calls are mounting within Labor to end the live sheep trade in the Middle East as the Awassi Express looks set to embark on its next voyage later this week after complying with a ventilation improvement order.
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority imposed the order on the Emanuel Exports-chartered vessel after footage of 2400 sheep dying in filth and extreme heat on an August journey was broadcast earlier this month.
The operator must now lodge an export permit application with the federal Department of Agriculture and formally commit to additional conditions that have been imposed, including a 17.5 per cent reduction in sheep numbers.
If the department is satisfied, livestock will be loaded onto the ship in Fremantle port later this week.
Acting Labor leader Tanya Plibersek urged the federal government to consider a suspension in the northern hemisphere summer trade while a review ordered by federal Agriculture Minister David Littleproud is completed.
Labor's MP for Fremantle Josh Wilson wants the live sheep trade to stop completely, saying he's long been opposed to it along with people in their electorate.
"People in the Labor caucus understand my view, and I'm not alone," Mr Wilson told Sky News on Tuesday.
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten has strengthened their position on live exports since a recent visit to Perth, when they were coy on whether or not they supported a summer ban as sought by WA Agriculture Minister Alannah MacTiernan.
"Other politicians have looked at a summer ban. We'll work with the government to make sure this doesn't happen again," Mr Shorten told reporters a fortnight ago.
They backed a suspension last week.
"There are a number of people who have taken a view about the inherent cruelty in the long haul live export of sheep and I was really glad that Bill made that call," Mr Wilson said.
Federal Liberal MP Sussan Ley didn't change their mind about wanting to end long haul live exports altogether after discussions with farming groups on Monday.
A new party called the Swedish Romani Modern Party (SRMP) hopes to participate in upcoming municipal elections. By its own admission, the SRMP's aim is to introduce more Roma into Sweden's administrative organs.
Local Roma living in the cities of Malmö and Landskrona in southern Sweden have formed a separate political party. The party leadership stressed that their folk, also known as travelers or gypsies, need a mouthpiece of their own. They cite the distrust their fellow Roma harbor towards Swedish politicians and authorities, Swedish national broadcaster SVT reported.
"There is a suspicion among Roma against politicians and authorities," SRMP spokesperson Luciano Bladson told SVT, arguing that the distrust was mutual.
By its own admission, the SRMP's aim is to introduce more Roma into Sweden's administrative organs, as well as serve as a positive example for the Roma youth. According to Luciano Bladson, who themselves has served a prison term, they want to show the Roma youth that it is fully possible to create a constructive life without crime. Bladson stressed it was high time for the Roma youth to "understand why they should go to school at all."
READ MORE: Sweden's First 'Immigrant Party' Gets Into 'Blood' Scandal
The party's main goals are improving the situation of Sweden's minorities, promoting human rights and removing existing economic and social barriers in society. According to SRMP's website, the emphasis will be put on the integration and inclusion of minorities in society, prioritizing education and employment and combatting all forms of discrimination.
However, it's doubtful that the party will manage to edge its way into the city council. According to Mikael Sundström, senior lecturer at the Political Science Department at Lund University, it will be particularly difficult for the ethnically-rooted "Roma party" to attract other voters apart from their kinsmen.
At the same time, Sundström called it an alarming signal for other political parties when the Roma choose to start their own party instead of joining any established movement.
READ MORE: Alternative for Sweden: New 'Repatriation Party' Aims to 'Reclaim the Nation'
Roma have lived in Sweden since the 16th century and are an officially recognized minority alongside Jews, Sami, Finns and Tornedalians. Romani is also one of the officially recognized languages in Sweden. At present, Sweden's Roma diaspora is estimated at about 30,000 people and may be as high as 60,000 including "Swedish travelers," a similar group of Nomadic people having a distinct identity from Roma proper. According to the Swedish portal Popular History, unemployment among the Swedish Roma is as high as 80 percent. Many Roma children never complete their school education.
So far, the SRMP hasn't been registered by the election authority for the upcoming election.
President David Granger meets with RUSAL workers
Georgetown, Guyana, December 10, 2017 – President David Granger met with some works from RUSAL Guyana during their visit to Hururu, Berbice River, earlier today, who used the opportunity to appeal to them to bring a resolution to ongoing issues related to outstanding payments and tax-free allowances. The Head of State committed to looking into the matter and working to ensure that workers get what is owed to them.
NASSAU, The Bahamas — Instinct II: From Darkness to Light is the name of the art exhibition currently at Baha Mar, March 16 to May 1, 2018.
Mrs. Patricia Minnis, wife of Prime Minister Hubert Minnis, pictured centre, officially opened the show on Friday evening at The Current, Baha Mar Studios. Curator John Cox, also pictured, accompanies them on the tour. The show features the works of Nadine Seymour-Munroe, Ana-Lisa Wells, Chantal Bethel, Claudette Dean, Jessica Colebrooke, Leanne Russell, Lillian Blades, Lisa Codella, Sue Bennett-Williams and Sue Katz.
In the group photo, Mrs. Minnis gives a few comments as the artists look on. (BIS Photos/Peter Ramsay)
BATTLING the flu, three-time Grammy Award winner Pink powered through a pre-Super Bowl concert, still hitting high notes, flying through the air and dancing onstage just two days before they will sing the national anthem at America's biggest sports game.
According the the New York Post , Pink skipped some of the words during the songs, relying on their backup singers at a concert at Nomadic Live at the Armory in Minneapolis.
But they were still energetic and spirited, ending the set with their signature high-flying athleticism while singing the pounding hit, “So What.”
The mother of two told the audience they had the flu and that their children “cough into my mouth and I can't stop them 'cause they're so cute.”
Camera Icon Pink performed at a pre-Super Bowl concert on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Picture: AP Camera Icon Pink performed on Friday and will sing the national anthem on Sunday, even with the flu. Picture: AFP
“I'm not going to sound like (crap) all night because you guys are going to help me,” they said.
“We're going to rock the (expletive) out and have a good time.”
But as they began to sing “Beautiful Trauma” — from their recent album of the same name — they quickly stopped their band and told the crowd, “I can't do it.”
“I hate this,” they said. “I can't do that song. I'm sorry.”
Camera Icon Pink performed on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis despite having the flu. Picture: AP
Pink wore a loose white top, loose white pants and red heels as they ran up and down the stage, kicking off the show with the jam “Get the Party Started.”
They later sang well-known hits like “U + Ur Hand,” ″Who Knew,” “What About Us” and “Raise Your Glass.”
Despite feeling under the weather, they were exceptional when they covered 4 Non Blondes' “What's Up,” a crowd favourite.
Camera Icon Pink performed on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis despise suffering from the flu. They will sing the national anthem on Sunday at the Super Bowl. Picture: AP
“We're gonna wake up the entire neighbourhood,” they said before singing the song.
Pink will sing “The Star-Spangled Banner” on Sunday at the US Bank Stadium before the New England Patriots take on the Philadelphia Eagles.
The 38-year-old singer grew up about 30 miles from Philadelphia and gave a shout-out to the City of Brotherly Love during the show.
Meanwhile, fans are getting behind the singer on Twitter, suggesting home remedies for the flu, and wishing them all the best for the big game.
The story first appeared in the New York Post and is republished with permission.
One of the world's most iconic fast food joints, whose arches were once rumored to be more recognizable than Jesus' cross, McDonald's is the subject of a lawsuit alleging that millions of customers were improperly charged for cheese on their hamburgers they never ordered.
A pair of Floridians probed their attorney friends about potentially spurious charges from McDonald's they'd received while ordering a Quarter Pounder with Cheese… with no cheese. The individuals seek $5 million in compensatory damages for the harms they allege have been levelled against them for far too long.
As requested, the customers have routinely been given the hamburgers without cheese. An issue arose when one of the customers said he'd been getting charged for the hamburger with cheese, a surplus fee they wondered if they should really be forced to pay McDonald's when they never wanted the cheese in the first place.
"I started talking with some lawyer friends, saying, 'What's the deal? They can charge for something I didn't get?' It's not right," said Leonard Werner, the South Florida Sun-Sentinel reported May 21.
Werner and Cynthia Kissner initiated a lawsuit against McDonald's in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, earlier this month. If the case becomes a class-action lawsuit, as the plaintiffs' attorneys requested from the judge, McDonald's might have to dish out $10 and a free hamburger to 25 million people, or $250 million, Newser reports.
To compound the difficulty of getting charged for cheese you don't want, it turns out that McDonald's mobile app lets customers order cheese-less Quarter Pounder with Cheese items for $0.30 to $1 less than the normal Quarter Pounder with Cheese.
Werner and Kissner allege that they haven't been so lucky to receive this discount. In-person consumers are "being forced to pay for two slices of cheese, which they do not want, order or receive, to be able to purchase their desired product," the plaintiffs said in the lawsuit.
An attorney representing the plaintiffs said that since the cheese-less Quarter Pounder with Cheese is, in fact, sold to mobile-app consumers at a lower price, McDonald's does not have legal standing to charge in-person customers up to $1 more per burger.
'Outright war'
The Chicago Sun-Times' Phil Kadner dug deeper into the issue on Wednesday, acknowledging that "you shouldn't have to pay for cheese if all you want is a hamburger."
"I applaud their courage," Kadner opined.
"For at least 40 years I have been doing battle with fast food clerks and restaurant waiteres over the difference between hamburgers and cheeseburgers because I do not like cheese on my hamburger. People who want cheese on their hamburgers should be forced to say, ‘I want a cheeseburger.' I should not be required to say, ‘I want a hamburger, no cheese,' or even answer a question such as, ‘Do you want cheese on your hamburger,'" they continued.
"This semantic battle became outright war at a fast-food franchise one day when I was charged for a cheeseburger after ordering a hamburger with no cheese," Kadner said.
In the columnist's view, things did not end well for the attendant who argued that the customer must pay for cheese on their cheese-less hamburger.
"'Yes, you have to pay for the cheese because our hamburgers come with cheese,' I was told by a clerk who was rendered speechless when I asked if they would give me money for a diamond ring they did not request, and I planned to never give her."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Brett Bundale, THE CANADIAN PRESS
Halifax's economic development agency is touting the city's off-the-charts population growth in 2016, thanks mostly to a surge of international immigrants.
The mini population boom saw more than 8,000 new residents in the city, with the total population climbing to 426,000, from July 2015 to July 2016.
The population increase is the highlight of this year's Halifax Index, an annual overview of the state of Nova Scotia's capital city presented Wednesday by the Halifax Partnership.
Ian Munro, chief economist with the organization, called the population growth -- which beat out the national average -- "spectacular."
"I don't know yet if that's a trend or a blip," they said in an interview. "We have to wait to see what next year holds. But it's certainly positive."
Halifax's per capita population growth in 2016 outpaced Montreal, Vancouver, Ottawa and, just barely, Toronto, according to recent Statistics Canada figures.
Most of the population growth came from international immigrants, who made up three-quarters of the city's new residents.
Even without the one-time wave of Syrian refugees, it was still a record year for Halifax.
"The population numbers from last year are really out of the park," Munro said. "I'd like to think it's a sign that the efforts the city is putting into attracting immigrants are paying off. The question is can we do it again next year."
Meanwhile, GDP growth was also strong in 2016, ticking up 2.2 per cent. But GDP is expected to taper off as some large projects wind down.
The uptick in growth was propelled chiefly by the manufacturing sector, which grew by five per cent largely due to a ramping up of shipbuilding work at the Halifax Shipyard.
Under the index's quality-of-life indicator, the overall crime rate dropped 3 per cent in Halifax in 2015, the most recent year available, but violent crime increased five per cent.
Meanwhile, Halifax's per capita income was $44,244 last year, falling short of the national average and among the lowest compared to six benchmark cities of comparable size.
The average monthly rent for a two-bedroom apartment was among the highest of the cities examined, increasing 1.4 per cent to $1,063.
A City Matters survey presented alongside the Halifax Index found nearly half of the city's residents found the cost of food and groceries not very or not at all affordable, with 20 per cent saying they sometimes need to choose between food and other necessities.
As for Halifax's labour force, the number of Baby Boomers entering retirement continues to grow, reducing labour force participation rates, according to the Halifax Index.
But the number of workers aged 65 or older has tripled to 9,000 over the past 10 years.
Employment in the arts and culture sector dwindled for the second year in a row, with 300 jobs lost, the Halifax Index found. Wages also decreased by $3 an hour, compared to a 70 cent wage bump across all other sectors.
Costly victory
WHEN it comes to winning at all costs, you could bet anything from a nail file to a side grinder that even our Australian cricketers would not resort to such abrasive sporting behaviour as that displayed in Manila by our angered Boomers (”Basketball's black eye” The Advertiser, 4/7/18).
And furthermore, who ever said basketball was a non-contact sport?
NEIL LONGBOTTOM,Minlaton
Normal language
AS a male who is now retired I am proud to say I spent my working life within various organisations without finding the need to resort to using language which David Leyonhjelm states is “normal Australian behaviour”.
I treated all colleagues and staff with respect and while workplaces and “even Parliament” can be very robust places there is no need to use abusive and foul language to get your message across.
Regrettably I did come across some people who seemed to think that yelling, foul language and carrying on was a sign of strength.
It is more a failure on their part to behave in such a way.
The world would be a far better place if we didn't have people like the Senator and others who try to put people down by aggressive behaviour instead of conversing in a calm manner.
PAUL TURNER, Dernancourt
Eyes on Mayo
THE by-election in Mayo is a timely reminder of just how important it is to have political representation other than the two big major parties.
Irrespective of who wins, the seat has had multiple federal Cabinet MPs visiting the seat promising everything under the sun.
Mayo has not had this attention for decades.
New money is flowing to projects everywhere and some of our best tourist destinations are being broadcast nationally.
It would be a shame to see this important seat categorised as “safe” and relegated to the back bench.
ALEX NEILL, Urrbrae
Futile war
GOVERNMENTS cannot continue this declaring war on drugs just to appear tough on law and order. It fails everywhere, it makes Government look foolish.
At worst, an increasingly restrictive body of law will quickly eat into civil liberties.
We have certainly seen this with the anti-terror laws where police can hold a 14-year-old suspect for a week without telling anyone they are in custody.
Tougher drug laws will be even more insidious, I suggest.
COLIN FRASER, Sheidow Park
Protect children
CHILDREN deserve the right to be protected at all costs.
It was not acceptable to hide behind your position, Archbishop Wilson.
If you were a nurse, doctor, police officer or lawyer, and you were made aware of a child or children being sexually abused and chose to do nothing, you would be held accountable.
Now you have been found guilty and because of to your ill health will not serve prison time.
The least you can do is resign and let the victims/survivors feel justice has been served. You do not deserve the position of trust your title suggests.
The media and public should not have to protest and suggest this to you.
Rather you must own the wrong decisions you made and resign from your position.
At least then maybe some peace for those children might be possible.
LINDA ROBERTS, Port Elliot
Great Cup
THE 2018 FIFA World Cup continues to be an outstanding triumph for the world game.
The venues are brilliant, the refereeing is consistent and the fabulous SBS telecast is an absolute joy to experience.
The newly introduced Video Assistant Referee (VAR) has further added to the enjoyment of this great game by removing clear and obvious errors that could otherwise unfairly decide the outcome of finely balanced games.
JOHN BEDNARZ, Dernancourt
Welcome visitors
I AM unsure whether it was a childhood trauma that afflicted your writer Caleb Bond, or whether it was an intended swipe at Anne Moran that moved them to write their opinion piece (The Advertiser, 3/17/18) regarding North Adelaide residents.
My wife and I are EIMBYs (”Everything In My Back Yard”) who live in North Adelaide.
We moved here in to a townhouse (cheaper than big residences in our former north eastern suburbs) and mingle with a handful of $2 million homeowners but also many, many renters and students that make up our population.
When we decided to move here we were well aware of the aeroplane noise, and the fun and frivolity that people have in enjoying Melbourne St and O'Connell St.
We love seeing O'Connell St filling up with people from all walks of life on football and cricket game days. When the footy is on at the Oval, we open our front door so we can hear the crowd roar when Eddie kicks a goal. As a renting uni student in the 80s, I too was incensed at the thought that selfish rich residents locked others out of the local tennis courts. This is not the North Adelaide of today.
Please everybody, catch the free bus from town to visit North Adelaide and visit our beautiful area which we are more than happy to share!
DAVID HALLAM, North Adelaide
Road engineering
THE news on July 3 that the tick has been given to fix the State's black spots is commendable. I just hope the engineer who designed the awful and dangerous stretch of Main North Rd past Parafield Airport isn't involved.
In a relatively new 3.5km stretch of road the inept engineer has managed to go from two lanes to three lanes with a fourth filter lane merging into two lanes to only flare out to four lanes and back to three lanes to merge into two lanes just where a Bunnings exit filter lane merges as well.
And 500m further on we have three lanes, but the right-hand turn traffic at Kings Rd banks up so one lane is blocked anyway. The danger is exacerbated by constant lane shifting to dodge the merges.
WAYNE HOSKIN, Brahma Lodge
Station pollution
WHILE transiting the Adelaide train station on a rare visit to the city recently I was struck by how horrendously polluted the platform areas of the station really are.
The northern (non-electric) platforms are particularly susceptible to noise and diesel exhaust pollution that is beyond a joke for a modern city like Adelaide.
I feel for the thousands of commuters who daily expose themselves to this systematised masochism.
Pollies, please turn the rest of our rail network into electricity before someone seriously carks it as a result of bad air and dreadful noise.
PAUL D. HELLANDER, Henley Beach South
Build and destroy
OH good Lord, the irony. Here in South Australia we've been building submarines and now we're going to be building submarine destroyers.
Ah but it's jobs and prosperity! Whatever floats your boat, I suppose.
WAYNE ANTHONEY,Willunga
Medical care
IF THE politicians were as interested in the running of hospitals as the staff were as good as proving medical care and comfort to me in hospital then the hospitals would be maintained to the standards that are required in South Australia.
RICHARD TROUT, Christie Downs
High standards
BUDGETING is fine, but with our kids, no-one must compromise standards.
People bequeath their life savings, and millions are collected for the Women's and Children's Hospital.
When a humble solenoid brings WCH to a stop and jeopardises kids' lives, we must question checks, backups and maintenance – and what else is being overlooked? Pilots, surgeons, military strategists and NASA use meticulous, anticipatory, pre-incident checks.
It's time hospital engineers and maintenance crews adopted the same approach.
ARTHUR GIANNOPOULOS, Mitcham
US celebration
THIS Fourth of July just past was a reminder of the ideals of the American Revolution.
In 1985 my wife Julie and I were present when these ideals were given passionate expression at a demonstration outside the US embassy in Nicaragua's capital Managua.
Nicaragua had not long before ousted a nasty dictator in a revolution of its own and the demonstrators were concerned to apply the American revolutionary ideals. Arguably the American revolutionary ideals have been severely tarnished under President Donald Trump and the question for Americans – and the world – around this Fourth of July is whether those ideals can survive the Trump presidency.
TERRY HEWTON,Henley Beach South
Modbury HDU
THERE appears to be renewed confusion about the necessity for and safety of the reinstatement of a High Dependency Unit (HDU) to Modbury Hospital. For reasons that are known only to them, there has been resistance to the return of acute clinical services to Modbury by a group of senior bureaucrats and clinicians in the north of Adelaide.
The many sick inpatients and the overly busy Emergency Department (ED) at Modbury need the support of acute care facilities, including preferably, a Level 1 Intensive Care Unit (ICU). The Health Minister must move decisively to implement their Government's well-considered and logical decision to restore intensive care and other acute services to Modbury Hospital as soon as is practicable.
WARREN JONES, Malvern
Flight path
IN light of the recent tragic Parafield Airport plane crash and on behalf of my local residents as the local councillor I would support Parafield Airport seriously investigating the relocation of their flight path over to the empty salt-pans rather than over residential properties in Mawson Lakes.
Additionally I would support the airport ensuring tower staff and emergency services be on site any time pilots are flying at the airport, especially over nearby houses.
CR BEAU BRUG, City of Salisbury
Spelling test
TESTING graduating trainee teachers for literacy and numeracy to determine their suitability for the profession may be a good idea but begs the question how were unsatisfactory candidates accepted for the course in the first place.
PETER CRAMMOND, Kadina
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
There were plenty of Pittsburgh Steelers fans that thought former Wake Forest safety Jessie Bates would have made a great pick for the Steelers. Instead the Steelers spent their first-round pick on safety Terrell Edmunds and instead Bates fell to the second round and the Cincinnati Bengals scooped them up.
Bates has been getting plenty of first-team reps and looks inline to be a starter. And they say that they are looking forward to playing against the Steelers.
A couple of games I am looking forward to is playing the Colts Week 1 obviously. I look forward to playing the Steelers, just because that's our rival and the hype behind that game is pretty cool to me. Going back to North Carolina Week 3 will be nice. Hopefully I can see Wake fans there at that game. And last is the Raiders, seeing one of my best friends from Wake (linebacker Marquel Lee) and being able to jersey swap with them will be awesome.
If Bates is the starter when the Bengals and Steelers square off he'd better make sure their chinstrap is on nice and tight. These teams genuinely don't like each other and you can bet that many players on both sides are going to straddle that line between physical football and dirty football.
There are going to be plenty of players to test the rookie on the Pittsburgh roster. Guys like Antonio Brown, JuJu Smith-Schuster and Le'Veon Bell are going to show up and if there's a player they want to take advantage of it's the rookie safety.
Bates was the first safety off the board after the Steelers drafted Edmunds. It will be interesting to track their careers and keep an eye on which player has a greater impact. Going back to 2016, Pittsburgh and Cincinnati were also eyeing the same position. The Bengals took cornerback William Jackson and the Steelers took Artie Burns. So far the Bengals have won this one, maybe Pittsburgh will win between Edmunds and Bates.
Related Ranking the coaches of the AFC North
Astros C McCann on DL for surgery on troublesome right knee
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Houston Astros catcher Brian McCann finally got to a point that something had to be done to try to fix their troublesome right knee.
McCann had arthroscopic surgery Tuesday after going on the disabled list for the second time this season, and the third time in less than a year, because of knee discomfort.
Astros general manager Jeff Luhnow told MLB.com and the Houston Chronicle during a 5-3 win at Texas that the team was optimistic that the surgery would resolve the issue that kept recurring. While not specific about the procedure or a timetable, the GM said he'd expect McCann back in September to get ready for October.
Manager A.J. Hinch said before the Astros' 5-3 win at Texas that they and McCann had a long conversation about the knee problems when the team played in Tampa last weekend.
"It's just continually the same issue over and over with their right knee," Hinch said. "One of the options is surgery, and they went back to Houston to take care of it."
Catcher Tim Federowicz, who made two starts earlier this season when McCann was on the DL, was promoted from Triple-A Fresno.
Max Stassi was the Astros' starting catcher Tuesday night against the Rangers. Hinch said Stassi would get the bulk of the catching during McCann's absence.
But Stassi never got behind the plate against the Rangers. They were hit by a pitch on their right (throwing) wrist while batting in the first inning. They stayed in the game to run, but Federowicz went to catch when the Astros took the field.
X-rays were negative, but Stassi has a bruised wrist and was considered day to day.
Shortstop Carlos Correa, who has been out since June 26 because of lower back soreness, also was back in Houston.  They are eligible to come off the DL as early as Friday, though Hinch wasn't sure if Correa would be ready to play then.
"He's been reporting to Minute Maid (Park) every day and working with our people there," Hinch said. "The good news is that everything has been a step forward. The uncertainty is still we haven't done any baseball activities yet, so we don't know how that's going to impact their timeline until we get home."
McCann missed nine games during their first DL stint this season before being activated June 8, the last time Houston played at the Rangers.
They were also on the DL for 11 days last August because of right knee soreness before the Astros went on to win their first World Series title. McCann played in all seven World Series games.
Their latest DL move was retroactive to Monday, a day off for Houston.
McCann has hit .206 with five homers and 17 RBIs in 50 games this season. They were in a 1-for-26 slump before going on the DL for the first time this season on May 29. They hit .171 (7-of-41) with one homer and three RBIs in their 13 games in June after returning from the DL.
Stassi has hit .255 with seven homers and 22 RBIs in 49 games for the Astros. Federowicz hit .328 with six homers and 22 RBIs in 38 games at Fresno.
"I have a lot of confidence in Stassi and Fed, both with major league time," Hinch said. "They're comfortable, they know our pitchers, they know our program, our preparation, all things that make me feel really good about going into each particular game."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
In December, the Army coaching staff picked up another Rivals 3-star player, although Cameron Jones' commitment was not publicly announced at the time.However, on National Signing Day, all the bell...
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
President Donald Trump met with secretary of of veterans affairs nominee Ronny Jackson in the Oval Office Tuesday afternoon after making comments hinting that Jackson should exit the confirmation process, according to CNN.
Watch below:
TACOMA, Wash. – We've been seeing ICE raids across the country and now one in Seattle is raising some eyebrows. Friday, immigration officials picked up Daniel Ramirez Medina, while executing a warrant for their dad. The 23-year-old has no criminal record, but ICE agents say they have admitted to being a gang member and he's a danger to the community.
Daniel Ramirez is a DACA recipient. They were born in Mexico and came to the United States at the age of seven illegally. Daniel Ramirez Medina, has twice been granted deferred action and employment authorization under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, their lawyers said. The program, announced in 2012, is meant to temporarily shield qualified individuals from deportation.
Monday, they filed a challenge to their detention in Seattle federal court, arguing their constitutional rights were violated.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“We don't want people to be alarmed, but we do want people to be aware of their rights,” said Casa Latina Executive Director Marcos Martinez.
Over the last week, U.S. immigration officers have arrested more than 680 illegal immigrants. The government is calling them routine raids. One case out of Seattle is garnishing national attention.
“Immigration enforcement came to pick up their dad and then picked up Mr. Ramirez at the same time,” said Martinez.
Ramirez has no criminal record and is protected under former President Barack Obama's DACA program.
“It gives them opportunity to study and work in this country. It gives them a two-year permit which can be renewed,” said Martinez.
But Rose Richeson, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesperson, released this statement:
“Mr. Ramirez—a self-admitted gang member—was encountered at a residence in Des Moines, Washington, during an operation targeting a prior-deported felon. They were arrested Feb. 10 by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and transferred to the Northwest Detention Center to await the outcome of removal proceedings before an immigration judge with the Department of Justice's Executive Office for Immigration Review.
"ICE officers took Mr. Ramirez into custody based on theirs admitted gang affiliation and risk to public safety.”
Mark Rosenbaum, counsel for Daniel Ramirez Medina, issued the following statement: “Mr. Ramirez unequivocally denies being in a gang. While in custody, they were repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation. The statement issued tonight by Ms. Richeson of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is inaccurate.”
Protesters rallied outside the Tacoma ICE detention facility demanding Daniel Ramirez Medina be released immediately. A group called Detention Resistance says if it can happen to Daniel, it can happen to anyone.
Q13 News spoke with attorneys with the Hawkins Law Group and Barrera Legal group, both based out of Seattle, who have joined Daniel Ramirez Medina's legal team. They join at least two other out of state firms in their defense. They declined an on-camera interview but said they did meet with Daniel Tuesday night and that they appreciate of the support from the community.
CTV Atlantic
New Waterford, N.S., residents are being questioned after multiple shots were fired at a nearby home.
Cape Breton Regional Police say the homeowner arrived home to find nearly a dozen holes in their front window at their residence on King Street.
Detectives were seen in the area Wednesday afternoon talking with people and looking for any evidence.
“It's a serious concern and important investigation. Right now we are speaking with residents in the neighbourhood to try and determine who may have seen or heard anything that night in question. The only thing we have at this point is the homeowners account of when they returned home and discovered the holes in their window,” says Desiree Vassallo of Cape Breton Regional Police.
Police believe there is no general threat to public safety.
SHANGHAI, April 9 Lewis Hamilton took victory for Mercedes in Sunday's Chinese Formula One Grand Prix ahead of Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel in second and Max Verstappen of Red Bull taking third.
Hamilton crossed the line 6.2 seconds ahead of Vettel, the winner of last month's season-opening race in Australia. (Reporting by Abhishek Takle; Editing by Peter Rutherford; peter.rutherford@thomsonreuters.com; +822 3704 5698 Reuters; Messaging: peter.rutherford.reuters.com@reuters.net)
The new editorial board will serve as the 'last gatekeeper' to avoid mistakes, says embattled PCOO Secretary Martin Andanar
Published 6:05 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – After two glaring blunders recently by the Philippine News Agency (PNA), Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar created an editorial board to serve as "gatekeeper" against future errors.
"Andanar also announced that in order to avoid similar incidents in the future, they have formed a PNA Editorial Board to be led by him," reads a Presidential Communications Operations Office (PCOO) press release sent on Monday, August 14.
The editorial board will have as its members Undersecretary Jose Joel Sy Egco (also Executive Director of the Presidential Task Force on Violence Against Media Workers), PCOO Assistant Secretary Joseph Lawrence Garcia, journalist and PCOO consultant Albert Gamboa, PNA chief Virginia Arcilla-Agtay, and PNA Acting Executive Editor Louie Morente.
"The Board will act as the last gatekeeper. All stories must pass under its scrutiny," said Andanar.
Andanar began their investigation into the two recent gaffes that sparked derision and anger among netizens – an article that used the Dole Philippines logo to refer to the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) and the repost of a Xinhua opinion piece that called the Hague ruling an "ill-founded award."
The PCOO chief summoned the PNA editorial staff, including Agtay, "to determine the culpability of some personnel who may have been remiss in their duties."
Show-cause orders were issued to 3 personnel thought to be involved in the two controversial posts, according to Andanar.
During their meeting with them, Andanar told PNA reporters and editors of the "highest standards of professionalism" expected by the public from the PNA, a government-run news agency.
They stressed that the PCOO will do "whatever is necessary" to improve PNA services.
Last Saturday, August 12, Andanar also warned they would send PNA editors to Basilan or Jolo if they could not adequately explain what brought about the errors.
On Friday night, August 11, the PNA ran a report on DOLE but used a photo showing the logo of Dole – the company that manufactures canned pineapple. (READ: Philippine News Agency's story on labor dep't uses Dole pineapple logo)
Earlier this month, the PNA also carried an opinion piece sourced from Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua which called the Philippines' victory over China in the West Philippine Sea (South China Sea) an "ill-founded award." – Rappler.com
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Turkish Foreign Ministry underscored that the Turkish operation in Syria's Afrin was targeting terrorists, not civilians, in response to a statement by the US State Department.
Heather Nauert, the spokesperson for the US Department of State, said Monday that Washington was extremely concerned over the situation in the city of Afrin because of reports that most residents had to leave the city as they feared attacks by the Turkish forces.
"The statement made today by the Spokesperson of the US Department of State regarding the situation in Afrin reveals that the US authorities still cannot or unfortunately do not want to comprehend the reason, purpose and nature of Operation Olive Branch. Operation Olive Branch is a counter-terrorism operation. The operation in no way targets civilians," spokesperson Hami Aksoy said in a published statement on Monday.
READ MORE: Erdoğan Claims Control of Afrin, Local Gov't Vows 'Nightmare' for Turks (VIDEO)
The spokesperson for the Turkish Foreign Ministry stressed that the goal of Operation Olive Branch was to help civilians oppressed by terrorists. The Foreign Ministry noted that this campaign did in no way undermine the fight against the Daesh* terrorist organization.
The Turkish General Staff announced the beginning of the operation in Afrin on January 20. The Turkish military forces and the Free Syrian Army militia are leading the campaign.
Damascus has condemned the operation as damaging Syria's territorial integrity. On Monday, the Syrian Foreign Ministry noted that Turkey declaring that it took control of Afrin was unacceptable.
*Daesh (also known as ISIS/ISIL/IS) is a terrorist group banned in Russia
A woman in Tempe, Arizona, died early Monday morning after being hit by a self-driving car operated by Uber, making it the first known death of a pedestrian hit by an autonomous vehicle in the US.
According to police officials, the car was in autonomous mode but there was also a human safety driver behind the wheel at the time of the incident. The woman was struck by the car in Tempe, a city just east of Phoenix, Arizona, while they were crossing the street south of Curry Road on Mill Avenue. The unidentified woman was reportedly rushed to a hospital where they died from injuries, Phoenix KNXV reported.
An Uber spokesperson told the station that they are "fully cooperating" with local authorities.
Uber has suspended all autonomous car operations in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
— ABC15 Arizona (@abc15) March 19, 2018
Companies like General Motors, Waymo, Uber and Intel have been testing self-driving cars on Arizona roads in the Phoenix area since 2015. In March 2017, Uber officials temporarily stopped their autonomous vehicle program in Tempe, San Francisco and Pittsburgh after a Honda CRV collided into a self-driving Volvo run by Uber.
Earlier this month, Arizona Governor Doug Ducey issued an executive order stating that driverless vehicles don't need a driver behind the wheel if they abide by traditional traffic laws.
— Polly Mosendz (@polly) March 19, 2018
"As technology advances, our policies and priorities must adapt to remain competitive in today's economy," Ducey said in a statement this month. "This executive order embraces new technologies by creating an environment that supports autonomous vehicle innovation and maintains a focus on public safety."
Ducey's order states that robot cars "with, or without, a person present in the vehicle" must follow all state and federal laws as well as Department of Transportation regulations.
— dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
According to the executive order, driverless vehicles are only allowed on the road if the operator submits a statement to the Department of Transportation proving that the vehicle complies with federal law and that it is programmed to go into "minimal risk condition" if it has a malfunction. This means that if there is a programming error or the vehicle encounters an unfamiliar situation, the car pulls to the side of the road and shuts down.
Radcliffe on Trent Male Voice Choir will perform their 31st annual Christmas concert on Saturday, December 16.
It will take place at the ancient church of St. Mary's Parish in Radcliffe on Trent.
The church was established in 1200 AD and is a stunning Grade-One listed building. This is a joint concert with the award-winning Newstead Brass Band, a versatile band and winners of the 2013 and 2014 Leicestershire Open Championship and prize-winners at the Bolsover Festival of Brass.
They have also appeared on TV with Sir Bruce Forsyth.
There are two concerts; a matinee at 2.30 pm with the Radcliffe Junior School Choir, with seats at £6 for adults and £2 for children under 16; in the evening at 7pm with all seats at £10. The benefit charity this year is the Friary Drop-In Centre in West Bridgford. Tickets are available from Pen-2-Paper at 6 Main Street, Radcliffe on Trent, NG12 2FH (call 01159 335810).
PARRAMATTA need a quick fix and are reportedly looking to England for it.
Following Sunday's 54-0 thrashing at the hands of Manly, the WWOS is reporting the Eels are considering making an immediate move to sign English prop Ryan Sutton
Sutton is off-contract with Wigan and keen to test themselves in the NRL.
Fox Sports has previously reported the 22-year-old had spoken with Cronulla and Newcastle about making the move to Australia.
According to the report, Sutton has been given permission to negotiate with NRL clubs for 2018.
Fox Sports understands the Sharks are still keen on Sutton, while the Knights have not pursued their interest.
The 98 kilo forward has played almost 100 games for Wigan.
Watch every NRL premiership game live in 2018 on Fox Sports. Sign up here to stream for free on a two week trial >
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Former Dallas Cowboy and Oklahoma State running back Joseph Randle was charged with assault against a fellow inmate at the Sedgwick County Jail on Wednesday, according to a Wichita Eagle report.
Their charges – one count of aggravated battery and one count of disorderly conduct – stem from an altercation at the jail on Friday. Randle is awaiting trials in four other criminal cases including running into people with their car, interfering with law enforcement and threatening the jail deputy.
Randle rushed for 822 yards and nine touchdowns in two-and-a-half seasons in Dallas.
Their bond for the most recent charges is $7,500.
In a statement published as the House Intelligence Committee's controversial memo was made public Friday afternoon, Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA), who orchestrated the memo's creation and publication, claimed that the committee found “serious violations” and suggested that officials at the FBI and Justice Department “exploited” their positions to target President Donald Trump's campaign.
“The Committee has discovered serious violations of the public trust, and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes,” Nunes said in a statement. “Our intelligence and law enforcement agencies exist to defend the American people, not to be exploited to target one group on behalf of another. It is my hope that the Committee's actions will shine a light on this alarming series of events so we can make reforms that allow the American people to have full faith and confidence in their governing institutions.”
President Donald Trump late Friday morning approved the declassification of the memo, sending it back to the House Intelligence Committee for public release. The memo, published early Friday afternoon, alleges that there was a “breakdown” in the Justice Department's process for obtaining a surveillance warrant for Trump campaign aide Carter Page, but the memo reveals little about its sourcing.
Jessica Alba was "driven" to succeed by feeling underrepresented.
The 'Sin City: A Dame to Kill For' star decided to go into acting because they wanted to banish the stereotypes faced by women from Latina heritage.
They told the July issue of InStyle magazine: "What drove me was that I felt like I wasn't represented. There were a lot of girls out there who looked like me and weren't represented in pop culture, you know? ... When I started, I was labeled 'exotic.' That was it. It was like you had to be mysterious and sexual. Back in the day, if you were Latina, it was always a stereotype."
And whilst the 37-year-old actor - who has Honor, nine, Haven, six, and Hayes, four months, with their husband Cash Warren - loves to work hard, they recently admitted they are "missing moments" with their children because she's always working.
They said: "I think feeling like you're missing moments, like, well first off, you feel bad when you realise they are wearing shoes that hurt them because you're like, 'Oh, I didn't even realise that you've been wearing shoes that are too small for you for like 3 - 4 months, my bad.' Some of those milestones or moments, you want to be there for every single one and it's not realistic when you're working, but for me, that's what gets me. Even the everyday little things like picking them up from school are a big deal, so I drop them off at school most mornings and try to get home for bedtime. But the weekends is really when I get to spend the time with them."
KANSAS CITY (AP) — A Kansas City man has been ordered to spend 24 years in prison in the shooting death of a suburban father who had been trying to sell a gun on a grocery store's parking lot.
Nineteen-year-old Fazon Swinton was sentenced Friday in Jackson County, where they were convicted in June of second-degree murder, attempted robbery, armed criminal action and leaving the scene of a shooting.
Authorities say 39-year-old Jacob Branter of Lee's Summit was shot and killed in April 2016 outside a Price Chopper store. Prosecutors allege Swinton made arrangements to buy a handgun from Brantner but stole it instead, running off before exchanging gunfire with Brantner.
Swinton later was treated at a hospital for a bullet wound.
April 3 Icici Bank Ltd
* Says icici bank integrates 'digilocker' facility with its net-banking platform Source text: [ICICI Bank, India's largest private sector bank by consolidated assets, announced the integration of its retail internet banking platform with 'DigiLocker', an initiative of the Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY), Government of India.] Further company coverage:
Facebook representatives told Barack Obama's 2012 campaign that they had been allowed to use the platform in ways that would have otherwise been prohibited, because Facebook was “on our side,” according to explosive claims from Obama's former director for media analytics, Carol Davidsen.
They came to office in the days following election recruiting & were very candid that they allowed us to do things they wouldn't have allowed someone else to do because they were on our side. — Carol Davidsen (@cld276) March 19, 2018
In a series of tweets, Davidsen that Facebook was “surprised” that the Obama campaign was able to “suck out the entire social graph” (the “social graph” is an individual's network of friends on Facebook), but did nothing to stop them once they found out.
Facebook was surprised we were able to suck out the whole social graph, but they didn't stop us once they realized that was what we were doing. — Carol Davidsen (@cld276) March 19, 2018
Davidsen also linked to a talk from 2015 in which they explained how Facebook's privacy policies in 2012 allowed them to harvest data on friend networks across America.
Davidsen says that this gave the Democrats a massive advantage, as the Republicans did not gain access to the same data before Facebook shut off the feature.
“The privacy policies on Facebook were … if they opted in, they could tell us who all their friends were. So they told us who all their friends were…We were actually able to ingest the entire social network of the U.S. that's on Facebook, which is most people.”
“Where this gets complicated is that freaks Facebook out. So they shut off the feature.”
“The Republicans never built an app to do that. So the data's out there — you can't take it back. The Democrats have this information, so when they look at a voter file and someone comes to them, they can immediately be like ‘Oh, here are all the other people that they know, and here are people they can help us persuade, because they're really good friends with that person.'”
“The Republicans do not have that information and will not get that information. I'm a Democrat, so maybe I could argue that's a great thing, but really it's not, in the overall process. That wasn't thought all the way through and now there's a disadvantage of information that to me seems unfair. But I'm not Facebook…”
According to Davidsen, the Obama campaign used that data to target voters through their friend networks, and motivate people to vote.
An example of how we used that data to append to our email lists. pic.twitter.com/VHhSukvXDY — Carol Davidsen (@cld276) March 19, 2018
“I worked on all of the data integration projects at OFA” said Davidsen. “This was the only one that felt creepy.”
I worked on all of the data integration projects at OFA. This was the only one that felt creepy, even though we played by the rules, and didn't do anything I felt was ugly, with the data. — Carol Davidsen (@cld276) March 19, 2018
Breitbart News asked Facebook for comment but they did not reply.
Allum Bokhari is the senior technology correspondent at Breitbart News. You can follow them on Twitter, Gab.ai and add them on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to allumbokhari@protonmail.com.
Anthropologists have debated for decades whether humans living in tribal communities thousands of years ago were more or less violent than societies today. Researchers at the University of Notre Dame wonder if the question of more or less violence is the wrong one -- what if it's a matter of scale?
In a new paper published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Rahul Oka, Ford Family Assistant Professor of Anthropology; Mark Golitko, assistant professor of anthropology; Susan Sheridan, associate professor of anthropology; and Agustín Fuentes, the Rev. Edmund P. Joyce, C.S.C., Endowed Chair in Anthropology, along with co-authors Marc Kissel of Appalachian State University and Nam C. Kim of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, present data showing that the size of a society's population is what drives the size of its "war group," or number of people of fighting age who defend it. They also show that the size of the war group is what determines the number of casualties in a conflict.
Specifically, the researchers show that the larger the population of a society, the smaller its war group size, proportionally -- which means fewer casualties in a conflict.
"Small-scale societies have a high proportion of their people involved in war," Oka said. "Fatalities might actually be 40 to 50 percent of the group, and definitely a higher proportion of those fighting get killed. But as we go from small-scale societies to big states and conflicts between empires or nations, fatalities rarely go above 1 percent of the group populations. So if you have 100 people fighting, you might actually get 50 people dying, combatant and non-combatant. That's 50 percent. But if you have 3 million people fighting you might get 100,000 dying, which is actually much less, proportionally, than the small-scale society. This is seen by many to suggest that contemporary large societies are less violent than past small scale societies, promoting the idea that before the state, life was nasty, brutish and short."
Instead, the researchers found that societies today are not necessarily more or less violent than past societies. The proportions are driven by a deep scaling law guiding social organization, Oka said.
Oka and their co-authors gathered data on population and war group size from 295 societies and on war group size and conflict-related casualties from 430 historical conflicts going back to 2500 B.C. They plotted the available data on population size, war group size and conflict casualties.
"We first derived the scaling laws that would explain these trends. Then we gathered the data," Oka said. "And to our very, very pleasant surprise, for both the population and army size, and army size and conflict casualties, we found the scaling laws beautifully explained the distribution."
The researchers looked at scaling, not percentages or proportions, as a reflection of the realities of warfare. As population size goes up and societies form into states, Oka said, the military becomes proportionally smaller, more nimble and more specialized. A small-scale society can have 40 percent of its population committed to fighting, for example, but "it's just economically impossible for a state-level society with, let's say, 10 million people to have an army that is 4 million strong," Oka said. "It's logistically inconceivable."
The idea of using war group size and conflict casualties as proportions of the overall group population to determine if some societies are more violent than others isn't a new one to anthropologists, Oka said.
However, this study is the first of its kind to offer an expanded data set looking at societies in different places and time periods, during both peacetime and conflict, and examining the scaling relationship between population and number of people in the army or war group, and between the number of people in conflicts and deaths occurring during conflicts.
"These scaling laws provide a means of comparing conflicts across all population scales and social and economic organizations," said Golitko. "Notably, it appears that the relative level of investment and size of conflicts have not changed much once increases in population over time are accounted for. In other words, we may be no more or less violent now than in the past."
"These are deep scaling laws that are describing the size of war groups and in turn the number of people killed in conflicts," Oka said. "Neither variable is affected by type of society or institutions. Both scale, directly and indirectly, with population. These are deeper organizational processes that have to be addressed as we continue trying to reduce conflict investment and build peace."
###
Suspended Eskom Executive, Abram Masango, will soon return to their job after a disciplinary hearing against them found they were not guilty. Picture: Bhekikhaya Mabaso
Johannesburg - Suspended Eskom Executive for Group Capital, Abram Masango, will soon return to their job after a disciplinary hearing against them found they were not guilty.
Masango was placed on suspension in November last year and was charged following a forensic report that levelled serious allegations against him.
Eskom announced on Tuesday, that the Masango has been found not guilty.
“Eskom respects the outcome of the disciplinary process held for Masango and will negotiate a date for their return to Eskom with them in due course,” said Eskom interim CEO Phakamani Hadebe concluded.
Masango's suspension was seen as suspicious by many people close to Eskom and was believed to have been manufactured by Eskom executives who were accused of corrupt activity.
Earlier this year, Masango testified at Parliament's Eskom inquiry and told MPs how their life was put in danger after they blew the whistle on corruption at Eskom.
They said former Eskom board chairperson Ben Ngubane placed their life in danger when they told former Eskom executive Matshela Koko and other people that they were behind the authorisation of a report into corruption at the power utility.
Masango testified to lawmakers that they were intimidated by Koko over the contents of the report.
Koko was also accused of intimidating witnesses when they faced a disciplinary hearing.
Masango was suspended around the time that DC was expected to take place. Koko has since left Eskom.
"Our starting point has never been subjecting any employee to a disciplinary process with a predetermined outcome but to look at all allegations with a fresh pair of eyes and ensure that a fair, thorough and independent process is undertaken in line with any employee's contract of employment," said Hadebe.
Political Bureau
Mohamed Salah acaba de hacer esta sobrada 👇🏽 pic.twitter.com/I2ZbUizz3i — Roberto (@RSIETE7) April 24, 2018
Mohamed Salah with another piece of brilliance. 2-0. pic.twitter.com/1gySjVLCEc — Mootaz Chehade (@MHChehade) April 24, 2018
Mane's goal with a great bit of work from Salah pic.twitter.com/Yyiqp5KVi7 — Liverpool News Updates (@LFCGOSSIPS) April 24, 2018
Great assist from Salah with a simple finish from Firmino to make it 4-0 in the 60th min pic.twitter.com/CVAKwBgXTV — Liverpool News Updates (@LFCGOSSIPS) April 24, 2018
More to follow
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
PRAGUE (Sputnik) — It is too early to say weather Ukraine could become a member of the European Union, Slovakia's Foreign Minister Miroslav Lajcak said Monday.
"Neither Ukraine is in the position which would allow us to talk about its [EU] membership, nor the European Union is ready to talk about it. But it is important for Ukraine to adopt the European standards, use what it receives as part of the Eastern Partnership program," Lajcak said, as quoted by the Teraz outlet.
Answering a question on whether the process of Ukraine's integration with the European Union could be extended over an unspecified period, which is the case with Turkey, Lajcak said that the European Union expressed commitment to Turkey which the bloc was not capable of fulfilling, and that the fulfillment of obligations by Turkey as part of the deal was a question.
© AP Photo/ Geert Vanden Wijngaert EU Impatience Over Ukraine Failure to Implement Reforms to Grow
"The European Union is now acting a lot more carefully, that is exactly why it does not give such promises, and will evaluate its partners particularly in terms of their behavior and the way they can be useful in contributing to the European Union project," Lajcak stressed.
Ukraine has been striving for integration with the European Union since 1993. As part of Ukraine's efforts to that end, a dialogue on visa liberalization was launched in 2008, after which the EU proposal on an action plan for Kiev was introduced in November 2010. The European Commission confirmed that Ukraine met all the necessary requirements for visa liberalization in December 2015, and on April 6 the European Parliament approved the introduction of the short-stay visa-free regime for Ukraine.
The Eastern Partnership (EaP) is an EU initiative aimed at the integration between the bloc's member states and six Eastern European counties — Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine.
The Half Shell inside the Hard Rock Casino shows off some fun oyster recipes for you to try!
JOHANNESBURG - The rand slipped to its weakest in more than a month yesterday as a broad sell-off of emerging markets triggered by and impending US Federal Reserve (Fed) meeting and fears of a global trade war added to worries about a ratings review this week.
Stocks were barely changed with Sun International and Tiger Brands weighing on gains.
At 5pm, the rand bid at R12.0484 to the dollar, 6.15cents softer than at the same time on Friday, having fallen as far as R12.1075 earlier in the day when New York traders came online and kept up selling pressure on the currency.
The rand rallied following Cyril Ramaphosa's election as leader of the ANC in December and state president in February.
Recent economic data has also pointed to a strong recovery in the continent's most industrialised economy.
The currency's rally has, however, stalled as investors anticipated the Fed would switch to a more hawkish stance under new chairperson Jerome Powell. The Fed is widely expected to hike interest rates at its meeting tomorrow evening.
On the domestic front, Moody's rating decision expected on Friday has also kept a lid on demand for the rand.
“This week will be a reminder that global factors play a bigger role in SA asset prices than local factors, more so because the political dividend is now all in the price,” said analysts at Rand Merchant Bank.
In fixed income, the yield on the government's benchmark 2026 issue rose 3 basis points to 8.175percent, the highest level since March5.
On the bourse, the broad JSE all share index was little changed, closing down 0.02percent to 58088.42 points. The benchmark Top40 index was also barely changed, rising up 0.03percent to 51434.84 points.
Sun International, the hotel and casino group, fell 2.52percent to R58 after reporting a 41percent drop in full-year profits for the 2017 financial year.
Further losses came from Tiger Brands, which fell 1.54percent to R350.55, after flagging a record monthly loss of up to R33million from its meat processing unit amid the largest listeria outbreak.
Investec Limited declined 3.83percent to close R96.19.
- REUTERS
AP PHOTOS: Sweden, England seize their World Cup moments
MOSCOW (AP) — Even in the World Cup, a moment can change a match completely. Witness the way the round of 16 wrapped up Wednesday. Sweden and Switzerland were well into the second half of a grinding game in which both defense-minded sides looked content to slug it out and head to penalties. Then, seemingly out of nowhere, Emil Forsberg tried a straight-ahead shot from 20 yards, Manuel Akanji stuck out a foot to stop it and deflected it into the net. Like that, Sweden had a lead it wouldn't give up and a berth in the quarterfinals.
England had a similar 1-0 win over Colombia all sewn up in the late game, scratching out the lead on a Harry Kane penalty kick. Then Yerry Mina rose above the crowd and buried a header off a corner kick deep in injury time, and suddenly a Colombia win started to seem inevitable. The momentum had swung the other way, and England's miserable history in shootouts came rushing back to mind. It did indeed come to penalties, but this time, it was England's moment.
A SENIOR North Korean official has arrived in New York, becoming the highest-level official from the country to visit the United States in 18 years, as US President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un sought to salvage prospects for a high- stakes nuclear summit.
Kim Yong Chol, the former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's closest aides, landed midafternoon on an Air China flight from Beijing.
During their unusual visit to the US, Kim Yong Chol planned to meet with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who was travelling up from Washington.
Camera Icon US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo (L) and Vice Chairman of North Korea's ruling Workers' Party Central Committee Kim Yong Chol. Picture: AFP
Their talks will be aimed at determining whether a meeting between Mr Trump and Kim Jong un, originally scheduled for June 12 but later cancelled by Mr Trump, can be restored, US officials have said.
The talks come as preparations for the highly anticipated summit in Singapore were barrelling forward both in the US and in Asia, despite lingering uncertainty about whether it will really occur, and when.
Camera Icon Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea enters the Millennium Hotel in New York. Picture: AFP
North Korea's flurry of diplomatic activity following a torrid run in nuclear weapons and missile tests in 2017 suggests that Kim Jong-un is eager for sanctions relief to build their economy and the international legitimacy the summit with Mr Trump would provide. But there are lingering doubts on whether Kim will ever fully relinquish their nuclear arsenal, which they may see as their only guarantee of survival in a region surrounded by enemies.
Camera Icon People watch a TV screen showing file footage of US President Donald Trump, right, and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Seoul, South Korea. Picture: AP
Mr Trump announced that Kim Yong Chol was coming to New York for talks with Sec. Pompeo in a tweet on Tuesday in which they said they had a “great team” working on the summit.
That was a shift from last week, when Mr Trump announced in an open letter to Kim Jong-un that they had decided to “terminate” the summit following a provocative statement from the North.
Sec. Pompeo, Mr Trump's former CIA chief, has travelled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un, and has said there is a “shared understanding” between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks. South Korean media speculated that Sec. Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang and that Kim Yong Chol was carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and might push to travel to Washington to meet with Mr Trump.
North Korea's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States.
Camera Icon The Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile, at an undisclosed location in North Korea. Picture: AP
That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for them to communicate with officials in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital.
North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty.
Mr Trump views a summit as a legacy-defining opportunity to make the nuclear deal that has evaded others, but they pledged to walk away from the meeting if they believed the North wasn't serious about discussing dismantling its nuclear program.
After the North's combative statements, there was debate inside the Trump administration about whether it marked a real turn to belligerence or a feint to see how far Kim Jong-un could push the US in the lead-up to the talks.
Mr Trump had mused that Kim's “attitude” had changed after the North Korean leader's surprise visit to China two weeks ago, suggesting China was pushing Kim away from the table.
Mr Trump's letter, the aides said, was designed to pressure the North on the international stage for appearing to have cold feet.
Camera Icon North Korea's chief delegate Kim Yong Chol (C) in 2007. Picture: AFP
White House officials maintain that Mr Trump was hopeful the North was merely negotiating but that they were prepared for the letter to mark the end of the two-month flirtation. Instead, the officials said, it brought both sides to the table with increasing seriousness, as they work through myriad logistic and policy decisions to keep June 12 a viable option for the summit. Kim Yong Chol is a vice chairperson of the North Korean ruling party's central committee.
The last official of their stature to visit the United States was Jo Myong Rok, the late first vice chairperson of the National Defence Commission, who visited Washington in 2000, South Korea's Unification Ministry said.
The White House emphasised that it has remained in close contact with South Korean and Japanese officials as preparations for the talks continue.
Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Mr Trump will host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on June 7 to co-ordinate their thinking ahead of the summit.
Mr Trump hosted South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week.
Mr Moon, who has lobbied hard for nuclear negotiations between Mr Trump and Kim Jong-un, held a surprise meeting with the North Korean leader on Saturday in an effort to keep the summit alive.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
The precious metals have always been the very primary fantasy of every woman right from the early years of civilization. Women often wear ornaments made up of expensive metals for various occasions such as wedding, birthdays, engagement, office parties, or even wear those at home. In fact, wearing precious metals is known to be a status symbol of people in the society. It is also said to be lucky to wear precious metals like gold, silver, 2017 1 Oz Palladium American Eagle, and more. Other than wearing those metals, many people buy the coins made up of such metals as a mode of investment for their money.It is indeed a good idea, because the price of these metals has always been on the raising trend over the past several decades.
If you go by the analysis, gold has been the commodity in which if you have invested, its value has been retained. On the other hand, if you had invested your money in the stock market, the direction of your money's value is very uncertain. It happens at times that the shares bought of millions of dollars turn down to be of almost no value. So, the investment in gold and 2017 1 Oz Silver American Eagle,this way is counted amongst one of the best investment options as said by the experts. On the best part, you could be able to sell those out very easily, when in the instant need of money.
This way, it is also known to be as the emergency cash for all of us. Other than that, the investment in gold in so many countries is meant to be exempted from all the value-added taxes. So, it is just the cash turned commodity that you can use in any required condition. Rest above all, the value of gold and 2018 Tuvalu 1 Oz Silver is always independent of the banks and other private organizations. It is, however, very important for you to buy such metal coins from an authentic firm or company. For any such requirement, you must consult the Practice the Hobby of Kings website.
Contact Us :-
Business Name: BullionR Precious Metals
Contact Person: Legale Tzedek-Mishpat
Country/Region: USA
Street Address: 1095 Evergreen Circle, #200
City: The Woodlands
State: TX
Postal Code: 77380
Phone No.: 8772346531
Email Id: Info@BullionR.com
Website: https://www.practicethehobbyofkings.net/
LABOR fears proposed new “independent” State Government authorities on transport and the economy will be used as a political weapon.
Premier Steven Marshall, pictured, has promised to establish a Productivity Commission and Infrastructure SA, which would be staffed by experts to develop long-term plans.
Opposition Leader Peter Malinauskas told The Advertiser Labor wanted State Parliament to have the power to veto appointments to the Commission, fearing they could otherwise be stacked with pro-Government ideologues.
Camera Icon Leader of the Opposition Peter Malinauskas. Picture: AAP
They said this could include the ability for a house of Parliament to veto appointments to the Productivity Commission by majority vote, or require vetting by a cross-party committee.
Mr Malinauskas said they were offering constructive advice to improve the proposed agencies.
“We don't want to see political appointments,” they said yesterday.
“Parliament should have a say … if the Government is willing to work with us on some reasonable amendments, we can get an outcome here.
“If the Government refuses to deal with us, then we reserve our rights,” they said.
People appointed would then be required to make disclosures of their financial interests.
They said non-Government MPs should also be able to refer inquiries to the SA Commission.
Labor has heavily criticised the existing national Productivity Commission, saying its economically rationalist advice has harmed SA industry and financial interests.
* Kuna rebounds from 3-month-low on seasonal tourism impact * Croatian government splits over Agrokor crisis * Czech crown rebounds again from levels beyond 27 vs euro (Adds firming of Czech bonds, jump in Bulgarian Fibank stocks) By Sandor Peto and Igor Ilic BUDAPEST/ZAGREB, April 28 Croatia's kuna pulled back from three-month lows on Friday, as a seasonal lift in tourism revenues and a rise in risk appetite outweighed fears over the future of the coalition government. Other regional currencies also rose, still riding the wave of centrist Emmanuel Macron's win on Sunday in the first-round of France's presidential election - seen as a vote for stability and staying in the European Union. The kuna had sunk on Thursday after Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic fired ministers from their junior coalition partner, saying they had failed to support the finance minister in their handling of a corporate crisis. The ministers' Most (Bridge) party pulled out of the coalition on Friday - raising the possibility of a snap election or at least a period of political wrangling - but the currency firmed 0.26 percent on the day to 7.465 per euro by 1352 GMT. Analysts said a seasonal pick-up in tourism revenues, and relief over the French result all supported the kuna, though one dealer at a local bank said the local political problems could still weigh on the currency down the road. "I expect certain easing pressures to persist in the coming days or weeks due to the Agrokor crisis and political uncertainties," the dealer said, referring to the financial crisis at retail and food group Agrokor, Croatia's biggest private firm. The Czech crown firmed 0.3 percent to 26.94 per euro. It rebounded sharply from levels past 27, which it reached on Thursday for the second time since the central bank removed a cap three weeks ago which had kept it weaker than 27 for years. The zloty touched a one-month high at 4.2133, a hairbreadth from 18-month highs beyond 4.21, before giving up most of its gains in late trade. The yield on Czech 10-year bonds was flat at 0.99 percent and the corresponding Polish yield rose 5 basis points to 3.45 percent as JPMorgan, which runs the most widely used emerging debt indexes, added Czech papers to its GBI-EM index as of Friday, cutting the weighting of Polish bonds. The stocks of Bulgaria's third-largest bank, Fibank jumped 9 percent to a 9-year high, after it hired Citigroup to advise on strategic options including drawing in new owners. CEE SNAPS AT 1552 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.94 27.02 +0.3 0.25% 00 45 1% Hungary 312.3 311.8 -0.15 -1.13 forint 500 750 % % Polish 4.223 4.223 +0.0 4.28% zloty 0 3 1% Romanian 4.533 4.533 +0.0 0.03% leu 8 7 0% Croatian 7.464 7.483 +0.2 1.21% kuna 5 8 6% Serbian 123.2 123.2 +0.0 0.12% dinar 000 000 0% Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 1006. 1002. +0.4 +9.2 94 12 8% 6% Budapest 32944 32959 -0.05 +2.9 .53 .62 % 4% Warsaw 2369. 2382. -0.54 +21. 85 78 % 66% Bucharest 8241. 8184. +0.6 +16. 32 77 9% 32% Ljubljana 782.3 788.2 -0.75 +9.0 2 5 % 2% Zagreb 1905. 1888. +0.8 -4.49 33 86 7% % Belgrade 4 4 % 6% Sofia 656.3 649.4 +1.0 +11. 9 7 7% 93% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year bps 5-year bps 10-year bps Poland 2-year bps 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.34 0.42 0.53 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.24 0.3 0.41 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.751 1.78 1.833 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Jason Hovet in Prague/Tvsetelia Tsolova in Sofia/ and Marcin Goettig and Bartosz Chmielewski in Warsaw; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Oak Hill has a new artisan coffee shop. Residents of Oak Hill are pleased to see new businesses opening up. Local family farm Hope Springs Alpacas opened this small shop a couple of weeks ago. They serve specialty coffee, fresh baked goods and make panini sandwiches, salads, and soups. They even sell their alpaca goods in the shop.
Daniel Harding, Business Co-Owner says, “We opened up our little coffee shop here, we roast our own coffee beans. We sell coffee, we have a small soup, salad, and sandwich menu. Also we focus on our alpaca goods and other local artist's products.”
Costumers are very pleased with the exceptional service and calming atmosphere. You can even sit by the window and enjoy a morning cup of coffee with a pastry to go with it. They even have fresh apple cake for breakfast. They open at 8am every morning except on Sunday when they are closed. So come check out Oak Hill's newest eatery.
-Frank Notarbartolo
Comments
comments
OCEANA, WV (WOAY) – One person was sent to the hospital after a fire broke out at an apartment complex in Wyoming County.
Oceana, Pineville, and Cyclone Fire Department's responded to the scene of the Post Glen Apartment Fire.
All crews are clear of the Post Glen Apartments. Patients have been taken to local hospitals for treatment.
The Oceana Fire Department released the following statement: “We also want to thank the Wyoming County 911 dispatchers for doing a great job tonight. Very good communication with everyone on scene and the units responding. They are the “Behind the scenes” hero's. If you see one of them out, thank them for their service. They are truly some of the best people around. Thank you guys!
Comments
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
LONDON, U.K. (WLNE) – Metropolitan Police confirm 6 people have died after flames engulfed a 27-story high rise apartment in London Tuesday night.
Police expect the death toll to rise during what they say is a complex recovery operation.
The fire broke out overnight Tuesday, engulfing the entire building within an hour.
Over 200 firefighters responded to the scene, and 50 have been hospitalized so far.
Residents say there were signs many were still trapped inside with makeshift ropes seen hanging from windows.
Police have been encouraging residents to get back, fearing the building will collapse.
This story will be updated when we receive more information.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Less expensive and more realistic 3-D models of blood vessels may offer alternative to the commercial standard
LOS ANGELES (March 20, 2018)--A relatively inexpensive 3-D-printed model of a patient's blood vessels is as effective as current commercially available models for training medical students in interventional radiology vascular access, according to a study presented at the Society of Interventional Radiology's 2018 Annual Scientific Meeting.
"We've come up with a viable method for creating something that's inexpensive and also customizable to individual patients," said Alexander Sheu, M.D., an interventional and diagnostic radiology resident at Stanford University School of Medicine, and lead author of the study. "The current model used to train medical students lacks the ability to replicate a patient's anatomy. Our 3-D-printed model will provide students a more realistic experience, allowing for better preparation before they perform procedures on real patients."
Interventional radiologists commonly treat patients using less-invasive options to surgery that involve inserting a catheter through a major artery under ultrasound guidance in order to reach internal organs or blood vessels. The researchers tested medical students' comfort in using a 3-D-printed model, compared to commercially available models, to simulate ultrasound-guided access through the femoral artery in the groin.
Thirty-two students were randomized to practice with the 3-D-printed model or the commercial model in a simulation experience developed by the authors of the study. Prior to the simulation exercise, 73 percent of the 3-D group and 76 percent of the commercial-model group indicated that they did not feel confident in performing the procedure. After the training, most of the 3D model and commercial model trainees agreed that their respective models were easy to use (93.3 percent and 94.1 percent) and helpful for practice (93.3 percent and 94.1 percent). Additionally, confidence in performing the procedure, known as femoral artery access, increased a similar amount in both groups.
"Now that we know that a 3-D-printed model is just as effective at training medical students in this type of procedure, this simulation experience can be made available to even more trainees and potentially improve procedural skills for residents, fellows, and attendees," said Sheu. "We foresee this really making an impact in the world of interventional radiology training."
Medical simulation exercises are playing an increasingly larger role in medical training; especially in the field of interventional radiology. Many commercially available devices cost between $2,000 and $3,000 each, while 3-D printing has the ability to produce practice models inexpensively and more realistically, the authors said.
The 3-D-printing technology can reproduce a patient's exact vessels based on a CT scan and produce an ultrasound-compatible vascular access model that is unique to that patient's anatomy. To adapt the 3-D printing technology to their needs, the researchers used a tissue-mimicking material that was durable to withstand punctures, but still felt realistic. This tailoring allows trainees to practice with variations in anatomy before they encounter them during a procedure, which may help to lower complication rates, researchers said.
As a result of these findings, the research team aims to extend this training to resident and fellow trainees and to study additional possible benefits of these devices. In addition, the team may develop 3-D-printed models for other parts of the body with arteries accessed in interventional radiology.
###
Abstract 297: Custom 3-D-printed ultrasound-compatible vascular access models: training medical students for vascular access. A. Sheu; G Laidlaw; J. Fell; B. Triana; C. Goettl; R. Shah; Stanford Medicine, Stanford, CA. SIR Annual Scientific Meeting, March 17-22, 2018. This abstract can be found at sirmeeting.org.
About the Society of Interventional Radiology
The Society of Interventional Radiology is a nonprofit, professional medical society representing more than 7,500 practicing interventional radiology physicians, trainees, students, scientists and clinical associates, dedicated to improving patient care through the limitless potential of image-guided therapies. SIR's members work in a variety of settings and at different professional levels--from medical students and residents to university faculty and private practice physicians. Visit sirweb.org.
The Society of Interventional Radiology is holding its Annual Scientific Meeting March 17-22 at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, Calif. Visit sirmeeting.org.
Ted Ts'o sent in the pull request today of EXT4 file-system driver changes for the Linux 4.16 kernel.Among the many Linux 4.16 changes so far is a major reworking to XFS Btrfs RAID 5/6 fixes , and other F2FS improvements . But on EXT4 for Linux 4.16 it's a bit less exciting.With the EXT4 file-system changes for Linux 4.16 it comes down to a variety of code cleanups and fixes but no particular changes outstanding. The complete list of EXT4 changes for the Linux 4.16 merge window can be found here Ted also followed up with fscrypt changes for this file-system encryption framework but even there for this kernel cycle it's mostly mundane work too. Our usual Linux kernel file-system benchmarks of the latest kernel will be out after the merge window is over next weekend.
Students organize Patriotic Unity Rally on campus
As a way to unite the campus of Saint Joseph's University, students organized a rally in support of the troops and the country.
The SJU Patriotic Unity Rally was held on Feb. 14 outside of the Chapel of Saint Joseph. The event included food, music, and a speech from the keynote speaker Ralph Galati, '70, director of Veterans services.
“We know the campus is so divided politically, we just wanted to have a meeting as Americans rather than who is a democrat and who is a republican,” said Angelo Pizza, '18, one of the organizers of the rally.
Andrew Schallenhammer, '18, another organizer of the event, said that their hope for the rally is to bring the campus together, regardless of which politicians they support.
Galati, an Air Force veteran, hoped the rally would raise the awareness of the services that are available to veterans from the Office of Veterans Services.
“Anything that could help with awareness of the issues of military and veterans is always good and not just for the community, not just for the average citizen, but also with the hope that it might encourage some of our student veterans to come forward a little bit and help them gain any services that they might need or help with their transition,” Galati said. “And I want to continue to make St. Joe's a veteran friendly campus to help attract more veterans to come here to St. Joe's.”
Galati also explained that they wanted to make sure everybody in the St. Joe's community understands what the Office of Veterans Services does so that they can serve the community better.
In addition to creating support and raising awareness for veterans, the organizers of the event are also accepting for donations for the Wounded Warrior Project.
“We wanted to donate to the Wounded Warrior project because they are one of the most reputable and well known charities that supports the heroes that make our quality of life possible,” Pizza said. “We wanted our gathering to pay respect to and support those who have given up so much in fighting for our country.”
As of Feb. 14, $540 was raised for the Wounded Warrior Project.
“I am always appreciative of the student population doing things on behalf of our veterans and military,” Galati said.
Pizza said that they see the rally as a step in the right direction for the campus.
“Many people have come to put politics before everything else, it is important to remember that we are united as Americans,” Pizza said. “Additionally, we have come to see a negative light cast on patriotism and love for our country. This is unacceptable. We hope this rally will serve to chip away at this negative connotation.”
With A Quiet Place making serious noise at the box office, Amazon is extending its relationship with John Krasinski. The streamer has ordered a second season of the Krasinski-fronted action-drama Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan a whole four months before the series' August 31 Season 1 launch (watch the Season 1 trailer here).
“With so much early anticipation for Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan from our customers and personally having the pleasure to preview the exhilarating, action-packed first season, we are excited to greenlight a second season of the series months ahead of its debut,” said Jennifer Salke, Head of Amazon Studios, in a statement. “The new season will take our unexpected hero to a new, exciting and dangerous world.”
The series — which is based on an idea conceived by Lost‘s Carlton Cuse and Graham Roland and therefore not a direct adaptation of Clancy's popular book series — follows Krasinski's up-and-coming CIA analyst Jack Ryan, who is thrust into a dangerous field assignment for the first time. Over the course of the 8-episode first season, “Ryan uncovers a pattern in terrorist communication that launches them into the center of a dangerous gambit with a new breed of terrorism that threatens destruction on a global scale,” per the official description.
In the eight-episode Season 2, Kraskinski's titular hero confronts the forces in power in a dangerous, declining democratic regime in South America. The second season commences production this summer in Europe, South America and the United States.
MOSCOW — After a decade of duopoly, the FIFA-run vote to crown soccer's best player finally seems open to third parties after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo left the World Cup early.
Neymar must help Brazil lift the trophy next week if they want to join the greats, according to the World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award.
Cutting out the play-acting would also help Neymar win votes, 1990 World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday.
"We need players like Neymar," said the former West Germany captain, who won the inaugural FIFA world player award in 1991. "But not with this acting what they were doing now in each game."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CRAIG COUNTY, Okla. - After 18 years, authorities say they now know who is responsible for killing an Oklahoma couple and kidnapping two teen girls.
More than a dozen people with information about the grisly crimes kept silent for almost two decades, some out of fear for their own lives, according to a court affidavit obtained by KFOR.
Lauria Bible and their friend Ashley Freeman, both 16, disappeared on December 30, 1999 from Welch, Okla.
Lauria was at Ashley's home for a sleepover.
That night, the Freeman's mobile home went up in flames, and the charred remains of Ashley's parents, Danny and Kathy Freeman, were found inside.
Danny and Kathy both suffered gunshot wounds to the head, an autopsy showed.
But Lauria and Ashley were nowhere to be found.
The Craig County sheriff called Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation special agents to help .
For years, agents and many other investigators followed numerous leads, interviewing a multitude of possible witnesses and suspects while searching wells and other possible burial sites.
In December 2017, officials said they discovered new leads that could be a turning point in the case.
In December 2017, Craig County Sheriff Heath Winfrey provided investigators with previously unknown notes and documents they discovered referencing the Freeman/Bible case. The previous sheriff's administration had apparently stashed the cache of information.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Those notes and documents have proven extremely valuable.
The probable because affidavit states the documents contained "some information pertaining to Warren Phillip "Phil" Welch II, David Pennington, and Ronnie Busick, as being involved in the murders and missing girls. The crate also contained names of individuals that may possess information."
An OSBI agent and District 12 District Attorney's Office investigator interviewed several people who the say had knowledge about the murders and the missing girls.
Through those interviews, investigators determined Welch, Pennington and Busick murdered Danny and Kathy Freeman, set their home on fire, and kidnapped Ashley and Lauria, and eventually killed them as well.
More than 12 people kept their mouths shut about the murders
Court documents reveal more than a dozen people said they knew or had even seen evidence of the crimes.
More than a dozen interviews are cited in the probable cause affidavit. Many of the interviewees had apparently dated and lived with the accused men.
All of the witnesses said either Phil Welch, David Pennington, or Ronnie Busick bragged about the murders, and threatened to kill anyone who went to police.
Welch and Pennington were allegedly known to cook methamphetamine together, and several of those interviewed reported the three killed the Freemans over money owed for drugs.
A woman identified as TW lived with Phil Welch in the months following the murders.
They said they heard conversations between the three men in which they implied that the suspects killed the couple over a drug debt, with Pennington and Busick setting fire to the home. TW told investigators that, based on the conversation, they believed they had abducted and later killed the two girls.
They also told police they discovered Welch had briefcase full of Polaroids of the girls bound and gagged with duct tape, lying on a bed they recognized to be his, and "in some of the Polaroids they observed Welch lying next to the girls."
TW said they confronted Welch about it and they told her, "don't you ever tell anybody or you will end up in a pit in Picher (OK) like those two girls."
A friend of TW, identified as CM in court documents, said TW showed them a Polaroid of the two girls on a bed, bound and gagged, facing each other, and said they looked "emaciated."
They said Welch threatened to kill them and their children several times, and throw them in the same pit as the two girls.
A woman who lived with Pennington, identified as LE, told investigators they talked about the missing girls all the time they were with him.
The affidavit states LE said they called it a "bad drug deal," and that they "told them that if they ever left them that they would kill them too."
RE, the son of LE, told investigators while they and their mother were living with Pennington, Welch and Pennington showed them the Polaroids of the girls and "told them that they killed the girls by strangling them."
Witnesses reportedly overheard Welch and Pennington talking about the girls and said "if they hadn't taken off running ... they would still be alive."
A man identified as RH said Busick admitted their involvement in the murders and the missing girls.
According to the affidavit, RH stated that "Busick told them about how the girls were tied up in a trailer house in Picher where they were raped and tortured."
They said Busick told them Welch was the shooter the night the Freemans were killed, but that Busick and Pennington stayed behind and started the fire.
RH said Welch threatened to kill them as well.
A man identified as JR was interviewed while they were incarcerated, and told investigators they walked into a trailer while Pennington, Welch, and Busick and one other unnamed man were looking at the Polaroids of the girls.
Others interviewees include friends of one or all of the suspects, friends of their lovers and even Pennington's brother.
No one investigators spoke to could say where the Polaroids are today.
Some witnesses reported they were told by the three men the girls were thrown in a pit, others said that they were dropped down a mine shaft in Picher, "later covered in concrete."
Witnesses told investigators that Welch had nailed the teens' missing poster to a wall of their mobile home.
Private Investigators Allegedly Told To Stop Investigating the Case
Throughout the interviews, the OSBI and DA investigators learned a private investigative team had also begun an investigation immediately following the incident.
Joe Dugan, a private investigator living in Miami, OK, and their partner Tom Pryor had interviewed several people and discovered one of Welch's ex-girlfriends' car insurance verification form near the Freeman's burned down house.
The vehicle the insurance card was registered to was thought to be the car the men were driving when they kidnapped the girls.
When the OSBI/DA team went looking for the Dugan and Pryor, they discovered Dugan had died in 2009.
Pryor told them Dugan's family tried to give the files on the Freeman case to the Craig County Sheriff's Office, but that the sheriff's office refused to take them at the time.
Eventually the family destroyed the records.
Pryor also said they were told by law enforcement to stop investigating the case.
The Arrest of Busick
On Sunday, authorities arrested Ronnie Dean Busick, 66, for the crimes.
He's charged with four counts of first-degree murder, two counts of kidnapping, and one count of arson.
Welch and Pennington both died during the investigation.
In 2017, investigators interviewed Ronnie Busick three times before they were arrested.
At first, the affidavit states that when Busick was asked about Welch, "his response was that the name 'sounds familiar,'" that they "remembers the name."
As the interviews continued, they admitted that the three of them "were pretty tight back in those days."
When asked about the murders, they went from saying they remembered hearing about them on the news, to conceding that Welch was probably responsible and that Pennington may have been as well.
The investigators criticized them for never directly denying they were involved when they accused them of being there the night the Freemans were killed.
After that, the affidavit shows they vacillated between denying their involvement and claiming they couldn't remember.
The final interview with Busick was conducted November 2, 2017.
It lasted several hours, during which time they were primarily interrogated by OSBI Agent Michael Dean.
The affidavit states Dean asked them what was keeping them from being truthful, if it was fear of what their (Busick's) sister would think.
The affidavit states "Busick responded by stating, 'Well yeah.' Later Agent Dean stated, 'You're scared of what your sister would think about you if you told truth. That's what it is, right?' Busick responded, 'yeah.'"
The affidavit states that "Agent Dean told Busick that they believe this has been 'eating' at them for the past 17 years and that they would be in relief once they told the truth. Busick would listen and nod, but never disclosed their involvement."
Where Are The Teens' Bodies?
Investigators say the case is not yet over.
They are still searching for Ashley and Lauria's remains.
Authorities believe there are people who may have information that could lead them to the girls.
Anyone with information is urged to call the OSBI at 1-800-522-8017 or email at tips@osbi.ok.gov. Officials said the private reward of $50,000 still stands for information related to the location of the girls.
SULLIVAN COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - A local fire department wants to build a new firehouse, but they've run into issues with the cost.
Scroll for more content...
Curry Township is in Sullivan County.
Town board leaders say their firehouse in Shelburn is outdated.
The board has approval to spend $200,000 for a new one, but the only bid they received was for more than $700,000.
The board hopes to start a new round of bidding next week.
Some Late Triassic Brazilian fossils of mammal-like reptiles, previously identified as Chiniquodon, may in fact be the first Aleodon specimens found outside Africa, according to a study published June 14, 2017 in the open-access journal PLOS ONE by Agustín Martinelli from the Universidade Federal of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, and colleagues.
Aleodon is a genus of probainognathian cynodont, a taxon which evolved in the Triassic period, co-existed with dinosaur precursors and other archosaurs and eventually gave rise to mammals. The Aleodon genus was first described using fossils from Tanzania and Namibia, but it was not clear if it belonged within the family of carnivorous mammal-like reptiles known as Chiniquodontids, which includes the morphologically similar Chiniquodon.
The authors of the present study examined the skulls, jaws and teeth of Middle-Late Triassic fossil specimens from the Dinodontosaurus Assemblage Zone in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, most of which were previously thought to be Chiniquodontids, and compared them to a known African Aleodon species, A. brachyrhamphus.
The researchers used tooth morphology to identify one of the specimens as a new Aleodon species, which they named A. cromptoni after Dr Alfred "Fuzz" Crompton, who described the Aleodon genus. They also identified as Aleodon seven Brazilian specimens, previously thought to be chiniquodontids or traversodontids, and possibly one Namibian specimen, noting that this may call the reliability of Chiniquodon identification into question. Phylogenetic analysis indicated that Aleodon cromptoni may be, as suspected, a species in the Chiniquodonidae family.
Whilst the analysis was limited by the partial nature of some of the specimens, the authors note that the identification of these Late Triassic Aleodon specimens in Brazil strengthens the correlation between probainognathians from this epoch in South America and in Africa.
###
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available article in PLOS ONE: http://journals. plos. org/ plosone/ article?id= 10. 1371/ journal. pone. 0177948
Citation: Martinelli AG, Kammerer CF, Melo TP, Paes Neto VD, Ribeiro AM, Da-Rosa ÁAS, et al. (2017) The African cynodont Aleodon (Cynodontia, Probainognathia) in the Triassic of southern Brazil and its biostratigraphic significance. PLoS ONE 12(6): e0177948. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pone. 0177948
Funding: This work is supported by the Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico (CNPq) and the Paleontological Society International Research Program (PalSIRP) - Sepkoski Grant (2016) to AGM. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
0 Police: Thieves target movie theater's concession stand
TULSA, Okla. - Police are searching for two men who reportedly held up a dollar movie theater's concession stand in Oklahoma Sunday night.
Sergeant Shane Tuell told FOX23 two men between the ages of 17 and 20 demanded "the bread" from the Searchlight Cinema's concession stand in Tulsa at gunpoint.
"We're just fortunate they didn't decide to go into one of the theater rooms and hold up each moviegoer one at a time," Tuell said.
>> Read more trending news
The two men closed their hooded sweatshirts as tight as they could to cover their faces and walked in at 7:45 p.m., FOX23 reported.
"This is a very rare robbery," Tuell said, "but you'll also find that because of the type of place it is, these guys didn't make off with a lot of cash, but because of the way they carried out the theft, they could face a lot of time behind bars if they are caught."
No one was injured.
Police said a hooded sweatshirt with an OU logo on it, employees' good witness descriptions of the men and multiple security camera angles are helpful as they continue the investigation.
"When you break into a business like this, and you're caught on multiple cameras and seen by multiple witnesses, it's only a matter of time before we figure out who you are," Tuell said.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Indiana Lottery's "Cash 5" game were:
13-17-23-24-28
(thirteen, seventeen, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-eight)
Estimated jackpot: $613,000
The American Cancer Society (ACS) and other preventive guideline organizations recommend that screening for colorectal cancer start for people of average risk at age 50. However, new data showing rising colorectal cancer incidence in people younger than 50 - and in some cases much younger than 50 - may argue for an earlier start to screening. A study published today the journal Cancer adds this new data to the model used as a basis for the ACS guidelines, showing what it calls a "favorable balance between screening benefits and burden" with screening starting at age 45, five years younger than currently recommended for both men and women of all races and ethnicities.
"Moving the start of screening back to age 45 for the average risk population is a considerable change," says Andrea (Andi) Dwyer, director of the Colorado Colorectal Screening Program at the University of Colorado Cancer Center and program director at the Colorado School of Public Health. "If everyone followed screening recommendations based on risk, we could cut colorectal cancer mortality by at least a half, with some estimates suggesting mortality would be cut up to 70 percent," they say. Dwyer is a co-author of the Cancer paper and works collaboratively with the organization Fight Colorectal Cancer.
Every year in the United States, about 140,000 new cases of colorectal cancer will be diagnosed and over 50,000 Americans will die from the disease. Worldwide, almost 850,000 people will die of colorectal cancer annually.
Because it is nearly impossible to ask large cohorts of people to start colorectal cancer screening at different ages and then follow the outcomes of these cohorts, determining the best age to start and stop screening, and the optimal frequency of screening, depends on sophisticated mathematical models. There are two common models, SimCRC (a collaboration between the University of Minnesota and Massachusetts General Hospital) and MISCAN (by Memorial Sloan-Kettering in New York City and Erasmus, MC in the Netherlands).
The current study worked with the MISCAN model, adjusting the lifetime incidence of colorectal cancer to reflect the most current data, which includes higher incidence younger in the lifespan. The study then compared screening strategies starting at ages 40, 45 and 50 and stopping at ages 75, 80 and 85. The goal was to discover how many years of life were gained per colonoscopy.
"Think of it this way," Dwyer says, "if screening started at age 20, you'd have maximum benefit but also a huge burden. It would be inefficient - we would find very few cases of cancer per colonoscopy. On the other hand, if screening started at age 60, you'd have minimal burden but also minimal benefit - we would be missing some cancers and finding others too late. The goal of screening guidelines is to find that sweet spot where there is the most benefit with the least burden."
With new data, the MISCAN model finds the highest ratio of benefit-to-burden with colonoscopy screenings every 10 years starting at age 45 and ending at age 75.
Of course, the implications of increasing colorectal cancer incidence among young people go beyond the need for adjusted screening recommendations. Perhaps an even bigger question is why incidence in this population is increasing in the first place.
"We used to think that young colorectal cancer was genetically different than the disease found in older patients. But now we're finding this might not always be the case. It's showing up younger and no one knows why," Dwyer says. "Researchers have explored the usual things - obesity, tobacco, alcohol - but none of those fully explain the increase. Now people are examining anything they can think of that could influence this early risk - sugar, tap water, lifestyle, even the microbiome. I think there's something very different for a 65-year-old who gets it versus a 25-year-old who gets it, but right now we just don't know what that thing is."
Finding the factor or factors driving the development of colorectal cancer in young patients could be key in preventing the disease. Until then, Dwyer and colleagues offer the current recommendations with the intention of optimizing screening to find these cancers, even in younger patients, early enough to offer successful treatments.
###
CTV Atlantic
The latest storm to slam into the Maritimes has created huge delays and backlogs across the region, especially with travel and medical care. The process of getting caught up began today, and is expected to carry on for days, in some cases, weeks to come.
At Halifax Stanfield International Airport, arrival and departure screens are lit up in orange and red, with many fatigued and frustrated passengers walking the halls.
Brenda Armstrong has spent three days and lots of money trying to get to Yarmouth from Edmonton; their son-in-law has been stranded in a Halifax hotel since Sunday.
“He came to Halifax on Sunday, trying to get ahead of the storm so that they could bring us home, but he's had to stay in a hotel here for two nights, because they couldn't get back,” says Armstrong.
The blizzard piled up snow where aircraft pull up to the terminal, and they're still clearing it away, trying to open up more gates.
Airport managers were not available to speak on-camera Tuesday, but they are calling it a “recovery day,” meaning things won't return to normal until Wednesday.
At Halifax's IWK Hospital, many staff members have stayed in the building over the last couple of days.
“We got about 60 - 70% of our surgeries done in both children's and women's on Monday and today,” says Dr. Krista Jangaard, VP of Medicine at the IWK.
Ambulatory clinics were cancelled yesterday and today.
“We usually have 950 – 1,000 ambulatory visits, we don't know exactly how many will have to be re-booked, but we'll be looking at that the next couple days, and on a priority basis,” says Dr. Jangaard.
Dr. Jangaard said many parents were planning ahead before the storm.
“Before the storm hit, that 24-hour period on Sunday was our busiest ever time in our pediatric emergency, the biggest number of visits,” says Dr. Jangaard.
No elective surgeries were performed at other area hospitals over the last two days. Some outpatient clinics were in operation this afternoon, and the surgical schedule is expected to be back to normal tomorrow.
Over the next few days, staff at hospitals around the province will be reviewing appointment and surgery schedules in an effort to get caught up, but at this point, they say they have no idea how long that will take.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Ron Shaw.
NEW YORK, March 30 Financial advisers across Wall Street's biggest brokerages have fretted over their professional futures in recent years as their firms worked to develop "robo" services for millennial and tech-savvy clients.
But a new study by consulting firm Accenture finds that clients across all ages and economic brackets want robots and humans together, not one instead of the other.
The findings follow news on Tuesday that BlackRock Inc , the world's biggest money manager, was laying off some portfolio managers in favor of spending more on data-mining techniques that could improve investment performance.
Conversely, the popular direct-to-consumer robo adviser Betterment said in January that it was adding a service where clients can get advice from a person.
"The market is not mature yet in terms of the robo experience," said Kendra Thompson, global head of Accenture's wealth management division and the author of the study.
However, the market is changing so rapidly that study respondents said online tools they considered to be "bells and whistles two years ago" are now expected, Thompson said.
"If you're an exec you need to be ... ensuring that you're keeping pace with what investors want," Thompson said.
The study surveyed 1,300 investors, most of whom are considered high net worth, emerging wealthy and mass affluent. Five percent of respondents were ultra-wealthy.
Overall, respondents ranked hybrid wealth management firms higher than other options because they offered low-cost access to robo advisers along with a human's expertise for more complex situations. (Reporting by Elizabeth Dilts; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
An Arizona lawmaker has proposed legislation requiring the state to cut its vehicle fleet by 20 percent and to launch a program that could use ride-hailing services like Uber or Lyft or other companies to provide transportation for state workers.
Rep. Jeff Weninger, R-Chandler, said the state government owns too many vehicles. They want taxpayer dollars used more efficiently for state employee travel.
“The amount of vehicles that governments have is astounding,” they said in an interview last Tuesday.
Weninger's House Bill 2440 requires a 20 percent cut in the state car and light truck fleet and the creation of a pilot program using rental cars, fleet-management services, ride-hailing services, vehicle-for-hire companies or private-public partnerships.
The state would be free to choose from those options, which Weninger said would add transportation flexibility and leave room for new or innovative technologies that do not yet exist.
Weninger said their legislation targets about 13,000 vehicles used by state workers and excludes police cruisers, firetrucks and construction vehicles.
Weninger previously served on the Chandler City Council and helped champion an effort that led to a 22 percent drop in the city's vehicle costs.
“We found our fleet was huge and we found that we had people that drove two times a week for a few hours each day, and they had their own car issued to them,” Weninger said. “And so we shrunk the fleet, and we saved a lot of money.”
Chandler cuts its fleet by 25 percent, from 845 cars, light trucks and SUVs in 2009 to 617 cars now, Chandler Management Services Director Dawn Lang said. The city saved $1.6 million annually, and it now spends about $6 million yearly on its fleet.
Cooperation between city department heads to thoroughly assess vehicle assignments and use was key to the program's success, Lang said.
“It required everyone to be at the table to share how their employees work,” Lang said. “It allowed us to really hone in on where we could cut vehicles.”
The program was being put into place during the Great Recession, and the cuts were made when the city was already looking at ways to cut costs.
A state Department of Administration report said the state had 12,709 vehicles as of June 30, 2016, including 5,370 “light duty” vehicles — a category that would include cars and many pickups — that aren't motorcycles, law enforcement vehicles, firetrucks or all-terrain vehicles. Slightly over half of those are in Maricopa County.
The report said the state and its universities spent $7.5 million for maintenance and $10.3 million for fuel for their light duty vehicles during the 2015-2016 fiscal year.
Breitbart London editor-in-chief Raheem Kassam appeared on Fox News' Tucker Carlson Tonight speaking on the subject of their new book, No Go Zones: How Sharia Law is Coming to a Neighborhood Near You. Kassam told Tucker that many politicians in Europe had no investment in the future of the continent because they have no children themselves.
Kassam described areas around Europe they had personally visited in which Islamic immigration and the political and legal systems were changing parts of European cities.
advertisement
Tucker said that they noticed what they called a “strange embarrassment” on the part of European politicians saying that they deny the existence of no-go zones and refuse to even talk about the subject and asked Kassam where that attitude came from.
Kassam replied, “it comes from many places actually. A lot of it comes from the rampant corporatism we have now in the West. These demands for cheap migrant labour that are foisted upon governments by massive corporations, and of course massive corporations sponsor a lot of this stuff.”
They then set their sights on the political leaders themselves saying, “there are a lot of political leaders around the world right now who simply don't have a vested interest in the future of the West. If you look across Europe for instance, the leaders in Germany, Angela Merkel, in Italy, in the United Kingdom, in France are all childless.”
“The leaders who do have children are far more invested in the future of their nations than those without.”
Tucker agreed with Kassam saying, “I don't think I've ever heard anybody say anything like that in public, certainly not on television and I just want to say God bless you for saying it. There's something to that.”
Breitbart London published the foreword of No-Go Zones written by former UKIP leader Nigel Farage on Monday.
Farage has wholeheartedly endorsed the book along with other political figures like Dutch firebrand Geert Wilders who called it, ” a very important book which should be read by as many people as possible because it shows that if we do not start to de-Islamize our societies and reestablish control over our own countries we are bound to lose them.”
Buy your copy of No Go Zones now.
This look might be straight off the runway, but is surprisingly easy to replicate yourself.
Now that the sun's out, it would seem as though beauty addicts want their make-up to match the weather.
This means that our Instagram feeds have been awash with people trying their hand at yellow eyeliner.
Earlier this year, Dior released a set of felt-tip eyeliners, called On Stage Liners and costing £26 each, in a variety of colours. The range features a sunshiney shade that has grabbed everyone's attention.
This sparked something of a trend, with people rushing to line their lids with yellow.
The main thing to take into consideration with this look is choosing the brightest shade possible – not only do you want the colour to pop, but you also don't want to look like you're unwell.
🔺Graphics🔺 #graphiceyeliner #eyeliner #yelloweyeliner A post shared by Karla Garcia (@karlagarcia4237) on Jul 3, 2018 at 7:07pm PDT
There are a few ways that you can replicate this trend. First up, pick your poison – if Dior Beauty isn't quite in your budget, go for NYX Professional Makeup Vivid Brights Eyeliner in Halo, which you can get from Boots for £6.50. Should you want a softer look, try NYX Professional Makeup Shimmer Eyeshadow Pigments in GO H.A.M (also £6.50 from Boots).
Then it's time to go wild. You could start off with a big and bold cat eye, which can be accentuated with black eyeliner just to make it pop even more.
If that really floats your boat, experiment with making the look more graphic – either by adding lines along the top of your lid or under the eye.
If graphic make-up isn't your thing, you can still replicate this trend – but using eyeshadow instead of eyeliner.
Make-up artist and owner of Blank Canvas Cosmetics, Una Tynan has given us their top tips for pulling off the yellow-eyed look.
1. Prime the lid with concealer or a skin coloured primer using the Blank Canvas F17 brush.
2. Choose a strong matte yellow shade of eyeshadow.
3. Build the colour by pressing the shadow all along the eyelid using a flat shader brush such as the E24. For more intensity, you can dampen your brush before applying.
4. Using a taupe/chocolate shade such as Brazen from our Master Palette, and the Blank Canvas E20 brush, blend along the crease of the eye in a window-wiper motion. This creates a very soft brown texture, while the yellow on the lid remains bright and bold.
5. Apply a thin line of black liner along the lash line using the E28 Fine Liner brush. To finish, apply 2 coats of mascara. This marries the entire look together.
From right to left: the F17, E24, E20 and E28 brushes (Blank Canvas Cosmetics/PA)
You can buy Blank Canvas Cosmetics on its website and Beauty Bay.
© Press Association 2018
BRISBANE Lions CEO Greg Swann has downplayed talk of star midfielder Dayne Beams returning to Victoria at the end of the season.
It was reported on Triple M that Beams could sensationally return to Victoria at the end of the season, after the Lions captain stepped down as captain last week.
“We were surprised,” Swann told SEN Breakfast.
LIVE Stream every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season. SIGN UP NOW >
“I haven't spoke to him, but I actually rang their manager and they were as surprised as we were and was actually quite angry about it.
“We're pretty confident that that's got no substance to it. We're happy that that wouldn't be true, but we'll have a chat to them just to clear that up.”
Since giving up the captaincy, Beams returned to form collecting 38 disposals and nine clearances, in the Lions' loss to Sydney.
“I don't think it's any coincidence that their last two games have been their best two and it's because I think he's got their weight off their shoulders,” Swann said.
Swann also didn't rule out the club making a submission to the AFL Commission for a priority pick at the end of the season.
The Lions are currently sitting in 17th position, having finished in 17th, 17th and 18th over the last three years.
“We'll weigh that up at the end of the year,” Swann said.
“I think in general it's probably about the game in totality that if you're down there for a long period of time, the AFL should help you if they can because you've got a whole group of fans and people out there that want to see you win because that's what we're here for.”
Camera Icon Alex Witherden is one of a number of young Lions to impress in 2018. Photo: Michael Dodge/Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
Bottom placed Carlton's CEO Cain Liddle played down the possibility of the Blues asking for a priority pick, while Brownlow Medallist Chris Judd told Footy Classified that they should be scrapped altogether.
“I don't think so,” Swann said when asked whether the pick should be scrapped altogether.
“I think the rule is there — it's up to the commission. I mean we asked last year and they said no, the year before we asked them and we got one.”
The young Lions have stockpiled young picks in recent years, bringing in three top-20 selections, along with Charlie Cameron in the 2017 off-season.
“A priority pick isn't a panacea, there's one and it will fix but there's no question that the more talent you can get on the list, the better off you are,” Swann said.
“If you can get one, whether if it's at the end of the first round or whatever it is, it's going to help there's no question about that. It fast tracks.”
Swann backed the club's strategy of hitting the draft hard and bringing in the country's best young talent.
“We'll still go back to the draft, we think these young blokes we've got are really good players and if we can keep building every year and add a couple, that's going to be the base for us,” Swann said.
“At the moment we've got Pick 2 … we think we can win a couple on the way in the back half of the year.
“We'd like to win and to be honest that's what we want to do.”
Swann was also full of praise for new coach Chris Fagan, declaring “he's a really good teacher” for the Lions.
LISTEN TO THE LATEST EPISODE OF THE FOX FOOTY PODCAST BELOW, OR TAP HERE TO SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES
Review and photos: Waxahatchee bring passionate rock to First Avenue
Katie Crutchfield of Waxahatchee. (Photos by Maddy Fox for MPR)
Sponsor
Sponsor
“This is the most fun I've had doing this in a while,” said Katie Crutchfield, smiling. “It's always fun, but…you know.”
The devoted Mainroom crowd took those words to heart last night at First Avenue, since the leader of Waxahatchee isn't much for stage banter. In a set so fast-paced and powerful that it seemed to be over in the blink of an eye, Crutchfield brought wave upon wave of churning guitars and yearning vocals crashing down.
Eight years and four albums into their career as Waxahatchee, Crutchfield has emerged as one of the most urgent singer-songwriters of their generation. She's often the first name mentioned in thinkpieces about how brilliant women are now dominating indie rock, and failing to get the attention they deserve. Indeed, last night's show was maddeningly far from sold out, despite a stacked triple bill that also featured Hurray for the Riff Raff and Bedouine.
With a five-piece band led by three guitars (including Katie Crutchfield's own, and one played by their also gifted sister, Allison Crutchfield), Waxahatchee played the songs as they were recorded: short, punchy, often devastating. Crutchfield alternated between electric and acoustic, going solo for “La Loose” and amping up for songs including “Never Been Wrong” and “Swan Dive.”
Crutchfield can gut you with a turn of phrase, but lyrics aren't at the forefront of live show, where they're hard to make out amid the clamor. What drives their live energy is a sense of momentum, with chords leapfrogging behind their passionate voice in a way that channels not so much the sound but the feeling of Damn-the-Torpedoes-era Tom Petty.
Hurray for the Riff Raff preceded Waxahatchee on stage, frontwoman Alynda Segarra accompanied by a tight four-piece rock band that brought their incisive songwriting skills to the fore. Wearing a jean jacket embroidered with a design of a fist holding the Puerto Rican flag, Segarra introduced set closer “Pa'lante” by saying, “Music is the only way I know to make this world a better f—ing place, because it's scary times right now.”
Opener Bedouine charmed the crowd with an solo acoustic set of unassuming songs that stick with you, channeling the sincere songcraft of the '60s folk revival and its later heirs like Nanci Griffith. Performing in low light next to a table holding an electric candle and a goblet of water (a touch of class goes a long way), Azniv Korkejian brought the growing crowd close to the stage without needing to ask. Earlier in the day, they stopped by The Current to record a live session with Mark Wheat.
Bedouine
Hurray for the Riff Raff
Waxahatchee
BANNED performance-enhancing supplements. Drug resistant bacteria.
These are the disturbing new finds in an ‘autopsy' of an enormous 750m long ‘fatburg' found on the South Bank in Central London. It's just one of 12 such greasy beasts currently clogging London's sewage system.
All have to be cleared by hand.
And that costs about $1.5 million — each month.
Waterworks authorities have been given the job of finding out exactly what's causing — and what's in — these enormous blobs of congealed fat.
And what Londoners have been flushing down their toilets is cause for concern.
The process goes something like this.
Leftover cooking oil gets tipped down the sink.
This is immediately attracted to the ‘wet-ones' people insist on flushing down their toilets despite warnings not to do so.
Together, they catch an enormous variety gruesome discards.
Human fat. Sanitary pads. Condoms. Needles.
“The fat sticks to the side of the pipe, the wet wipes come down and stick to the fat, other fat comes down and sticks to the wet wipes and that adds to the mass of the fatberg,” civil engineering consultant Andy Drinkwater told The Guardian.
But it's the trace elements bound within the 90 per cent fat that is so revealing.
Among the surprise discoveries is the sheer quantity of banned muscle-growth supplements such as hordenine and ostarine. These were found in far greater quantities than recreational drugs such as MDMA and cocaine.
But this was not the worst of it.
There were also thriving colonies of antibiotic-resistant, life-threatening bacterias. These include Lysteria, Campylobactre, and E. coli.
While contained to the sewage system at the moment, there is the threat these could overflow and contaminate the surface above — just like the devastating cholera epidemics of centuries past.
The "rat" is actually a pacarana, a rodent species native to South America (Photo Source: WLOX)
A viral video of a "rat" taking a shower in a shockingly human-like manner has been making waves on social media.
The short clip shows the animal standing in a tub and covered in soap suds, rubbing its body with its paws the way a person would clean themselves in the shower.
Jokes quickly circulated as people speculated that the rodent may be a CIA experiment gone wrong, Ratatouille headed to work, or the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle's teacher, Master Splinter, winding down after a long day of training.
Turns out that the animal isn't a rat after all. It's a pacarana, a rare rodent native to South America.
“There is just no other rodent that would fit all of those features, and the fact that this video was taken in Peru where pacaranas are known just seals the deal,” Dallas Krentzel, an evolutionary biologist who studies rodent diversity at the University of Chicago, told Newsweek.
Nothing to see here. Just a rat scrubbing itself in the shower. pic.twitter.com/4RN03admo9 — Megha Mohan (@meghamohan) January 28, 2018
"Scientifically, pacaranas are more closely related to capybaras and guinea pigs than true rats such as the black rat,” researcher Toumas Aivelo told the Independent.
As the video gained more exposure, many called its movement "unnatural" while questioning how it became covered in soap and if this was a case of animal cruelty.
The Chilean Minister of Energy, Andrés Rebolledo Smitmans, responded to concerns by posting a video to show that the pacarana's slow and human-like movements are natural to the species.
They also made sure to note, "the shampoo they put on it is for pets."
Still, Krentzel wants people to know that pacaranas (or any wild animal) probably shouldn't be covered in soap for any reason.
Para quienes criticaron que pusimos a la Pacarana?? bañándose en una gráfica, les contamos que es normal ese movimiento que hacen, además ese Shampoo que le pusieron es para mascotas ??
Recuerda, en tus duchas #CuidaElAgua ?? pic.twitter.com/tFyIPPNVi6 — Ministerio Energía (@MinEnergia) January 31, 2018
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
By Aoife Nic Ardghail
A Dublin man has gone on trial accused of breaking into an elderly farmer's home with two others and beating the victim with bats for a small sum of money.
Adam Marlowe (23) of Walkinstown Drive, Walkinstown, has pleaded not guilty to aggravated burglary and assaulting Malachy Turley causing them harm at Kettles Lane, Kinsealy, Dublin, on July 29, 2016.
They have also pleaded not guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to robbing €50 from the then 81-year-old complainant on the same date.
Antonia Boyle BL, prosecuting, read Mr Turley's Garda statement to the jury, in which they described how three men wearing homemade balaclavas broke into the man's home and attacked him. Ms Boyle explained that a witness statement can be read into the court record and taken as direct evidence when agreed by prosecution and defence.
In the statement, Mr Turley said they had been living alone at their family home since 1986 after their mother's death and rarely left the premises or received any visitors.
They said they had retired from farming a few years previously and allowed people to keep horses on their land for €100 a month.
Mr Turley described how they had woken up in the early hours of July 29, as was usual, to have a cup of tea and a slice of apple tart.
They said they went back to bed after a half hour and was roused again from their sleep to find a man standing in their bedroom doorway.
The complainant said they grabbed their walking stick to defend themselves but then saw two other “fit lads”. They told gardaí the men wore homemade balaclavas and carried bats, a small blade and a firearm that looked like an imitation gun.
Mr Turley said the three intruders pushed them onto their bed and beat them as they screamed: “Where's the safe, where's the safe?” They said they called them by their first name during the attack.
The complainant stated that one of the men had a “Dublin suburbs” accent and kept hitting them and demanding money while the two other attackers left the room.
[quote]“I was just lying there and taking the beating, not thinking ahead”, Mr Turley told gardaí.[/quote]
They said they went unconscious at one point during the beating and that when the two intruders re-entered their room, they were pulled to the floor and their mattress thrown on top of him.
They said they heard the gang pull their bedroom apart, get hold of keys and walk out of their room. They described lying under their mattress for up to 30 minutes before they emerged.
Mr Turley said they put their mattress back on their bed with difficulty due to their bad hip and fell asleep for a time. They said they recalled thinking that if the intruders had taken their phone and car that they would be “badly stuck”.
They stated that they couldn't remember feeling pain but thought it was because they were in shock. When they got up, they found their house ransacked, €50 missing from their wallet and two small bags of coins taken from their bookshelf.
They revealed that they waited a while to ring their brother because they didn't want to disturb them so early.
Mr Turley said they received five stitches to their hand, suffered bruising to their body and was prescribed painkillers. They told gardaí that their “main concern was that this incident could have been worse” and that they didn't want anyone else to go through their ordeal.
Earlier, Ms Boyle told the jury in their opening address that Garda forensics recovered a piece of blue material in Mr Turley's bedroom and that DNA recovered from this matched the accused.
They said it was the State's case that Mr Marlowe was one of the three men who entered the complainant's house, attacked them and robbed him.
The trial continues before Judge Melanie Greally and a jury of eight men and four women.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter have become an important part of the lives of many people worldwide. Around two billion users were active on Facebook at the end of 2016; 500 million regularly post photos on Instagram and more than 300 million communicate via Twitter.
Various studies conducted over the past years have investigated to what extent the use of social media is associated with narcissistic tendencies - with contradictory results. Some studies supported a positive relationship between the use of Facebook, Twitter and the likes, whereas others confirmed only weak or even negative effects.
Most comprehensive meta-analysis so far
Fresh findings are now presented by scientists from the Leibniz Institute for Educational Trajectories Bamberg and the University of Würzburg. They were able to show that there is a weak to moderate link between a certain form of narcissism and social media activity. When taking a differentiated look at specific forms of behaviour or at the participants' cultural background, the effect is even pronounced in some cases.
The study is managed by Professor Markus Appel, who holds the Chair of Media Communication at the University of Würzburg, and Dr. Timo Gnambs, head of the Educational Measurement section at the Leibniz Institute for Educational Trajectories, Bamberg. For their meta-analysis, the scientists summarized the results of 57 studies comprising more than 25,000 participants in total. They have now published their findings in the Journal of Personality.
Forms of narcissism
They think of themselves as being exceptionally talented, remarkable and successful. They love to present themselves to other people and seek approval from them: This is how psychologists describe the typical behaviour of people commonly referred to as narcissists. "Accordingly, social networks such as Facebook are believed to be an ideal platform for these people," says Markus Appel.
The network gives them easy access to a large audience and allows them to selectively post information for the purpose of self-promotion. Moreover, they can meticulously cultivate their image. Therefore, researchers have suspected social networking sites to be an ideal breeding ground for narcissists from early on.
Three hypotheses
The recently published meta-analysis shows that the situation does not seem to be as bad as feared. The scientists examined the truth behind three hypotheses. Firstly, the assumption that grandiose narcissists frequent social networking sites more often than representatives of another form of narcissism, the "vulnerable narcissists". Vulnerable narcissism is associated with insecurity, fragile self-esteem, and social withdrawal.
Secondly, they assumed that the link between narcissism and the number of friends and certain self-promoting activities is much more pronounced compared to other activities possible on social networking sites.
Thirdly, the researchers hypothesized that the link between narcissism and the social networking behaviour is subject to cultural influences. In collectivistic cultures where the focus is on the community rather than the individual or where rigid roles prevail, social media give narcissists the opportunity to escape from prevalent constraints and present themselves in a way that would be impossible in public.
The results
The meta-analysis of the 57 studies did in fact confirm the scientists' assumptions. Grandiose narcissists are encountered more frequently in social networks than vulnerable narcissists. Moreover, a link has been found between the number of friends a person has and how many photos they upload and the prevalence of traits associated with narcissism. The gender and age of users is not relevant in this respect. Typical narcissists spend more time in social networks than average users and they exhibit specific behavioural patterns.
A mixed result was found for the influence of the cultural background on the usage behaviour. "In countries where distinct social hierarchies and unequal power division are generally more accepted such as India or Malaysia, there is a stronger correlation between narcissism and the behaviour in social media than in countries like Austria or the USA," says Markus Appel.
However, the analysis of the data from 16 countries on four continents does not show a comparable influence of the "individualism" factor.
Generation Me
So is the frequently cited "Generation Me" a product of social media such as Facebook and Instagram because they promote narcissistic tendencies? Or do these sites simply provide the ideal environment for narcissists? The two scientists were not able to finally answer these questions.
"We suggest that the link between narcissism and the behaviour in social media follows the pattern of a self-reinforcing spiral," Markus Appel says. An individual disposition controls the social media activities and these activities in turn reinforce the disposition. To finally resolve this question, more research has to be conducted over longer periods.
###
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- State authorities removed removed items from a building at Michigan State over the school's handling of the Larry Nassar case and other reported sexual assault cases.
John Truscott, a spokesperson for President John Engler, referred to the seizure to the Lansing State Journal as a "political stunt rather than an actual law enforcement action." Engler replaced Lou Anna K. Simon, who announced their resignation after Nassar, a doctor for the school and Team USA gymnastics, was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison on seven counts of criminal sexual conduct.
Agents from the Department of the Attorney General and Michigan State Police obtained evidence from the Hannah Administration Building and Fee Hall. Reporters from several Lansing news organizations witnesses the removal of records and what appeared to be a hard drive.
Attorney General Bill Schuette is investigating how the school handled the Nassar case and other sexual assaults at the school. On Jan. 27, they appointed William Forsyth, a retired Kent County prosecutor, to head the investigation.
Andrea Bitely, a spokesperson for Schuette, said authorities requested the "immediate production" of records and electronic devices used by William Strampel, former dean of the College of Osteopathic Medicine and Nassar's boss.
"This has not occurred," Bitely said in a statement to the State News. "We are continuing to investigate with our partners at the Michigan State Police and will not be providing further comment."
Truscott said a meeting scheduled with state officials on turning over items was canceled.
"Then they showed up at the offices today and made a big scene of it. It's unfortunate and lets us know how political this investigation is going to be," Truscott said.
Bitely emailed the State Journal: "There is no schedule for turning things over. It's unfortunate that some have chosen to politicize this investigation. This is not a crisis of our making, but we will get to the bottom of it.
More than 250 women and girls have said they were abused by Nassar during medical appointments or while participating in gymnastics training or events.
Schette's office has opened a hotline for tips in its investigation of MSU.
BRIEF-SSH Communications Security offers up to 3.4 mln new shares in accelerated book-built offering
* SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY OFFERS UP TO 3,400,000 NEW SHARES TO INSTITUTIONAL AND OTHER SELECTED INVESTORS IN AN ACCELERATED BOOK-BUILT OFFERING
A New Zealand woman is warning online consumers over a weight-loss pill trial left them with unexpected ongoing payments.
Angela Pile thought a free trial of Braggs Cider Vinegar and weight loss sounded "amazing".
"I can look like Kim Kardashian by Christmas, why don't I go online and buy it for $4.90," they initially thought.
"They've actually got on their website 'weight loss without exercise, and who wants to get up at 5.30 in the morning in winter and exercise when you could just take the tablets and look like that'."
They received the product 15 days after the 14-day trial period, and read in the mailed information that if there had been no notification within 14-days there would be a charge of AUS$141.
Ms Pile phoned to cancel the deal, but was told as it was a trial period, they couldn't, and tried to send the products back to Singapore but the address did not exist.
"When I checked the credit card bill, which I don't use very often, there were multiple payment of small amounts. Things like currency fees and handling fees, so they had use of my credit card."
They were sent a "free gift" of cleansing pills, which also arrived after the trial period and would be billed monthly.
"So I then immediately cancelled my credit card."
The terms and conditions stated if the consumer clicked on the free trial period said they would be charged $90 every 30 days.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — In January, New Zealand's media reported that interviews of refugees ahead of their resettlement would start in February.
The team of contractors arrived in the detention center and had already arranged the list of interviews with the migrants detained in the Australian facility, the ABC Online news outlet reported Tuesday.
The media outlet added that there would be about 20 interviews per day during a month.
Australia detains refugees who come to the country to seek asylum in offshore detention camps, while their application is being processed by the authorities. Such measures have been repeatedly criticized by different rights groups.
In November 2016, then-US President Barack Obama and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull concluded a one-time deal to resettle refugees, currently detained in Australian processing centers on the Manus Island and Nauru in the South Pacific.
However the agreement had been reportedly criticized by the incumbent US President Donald Trump and several media suggested that the deal could be terminated.
A rare juvenile foot fossil of our early hominin ancestor, Australopithecus afarensis, exhibits several ape-like foot characteristics that could have aided in foot grasping for climbing trees, a new study shows. This finding challenges the long-held assumption that A. afarensis was exclusively bipedal (using only two legs for walking) and only occasionally climbed into trees. Juvenile hominin fossils provide unique insights into how traits (like foot grasping) become less apparent as the individual grows into adulthood. However, juvenile specimens of most human hominin ancestors are scarce, and thus, it has been difficult to trace how important traits are selected in animals, over time. In 2002, archeologists discovered a well-preserved, partial skeleton of an infant A. afarensis, thought to be around 3-years-old at the time of death. Although this 3.32-million-year-old fossil from Dikika, Ethiopia, was announced in a previous 2006 study, many of the skeleton's elements, including the partial foot known as DIK-1-1f, were encased in sediment and therefore had to be carefully uncovered. Many of these structures have now been exposed after additional preparatory work through 2013, and here, Jeremy M. DeSilva and colleagues report on this juvenile hominin's foot features. They discovered that this infant possessed many of the structures necessary to walk on two legs that have been found in adult specimens, but it also retained a convexity of the medial cuneiform - a bone important for joint movement, such as that involved in climbing - into adulthood, they say. This evidence of increased mobility of the toe is an ape-like pattern that DeSilva et al. say is suggestive of a selective advantage of this trait and which offers new insights into the evolution of bipedality.
###
PITTSBURGH — A hard slide by Pittsburgh pitcher Joe Musgrove led to the Pirates and Chicago Cubs emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning on Wednesday night. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Macclesfield will be transformed into a floral oasis for the town's first ever horticultural festival.
The Macclesfield Garden Festival has been organised by award winning garden designer Jon Tilley, who came up with the idea to create beautiful temporary gardens around the town for a weekend in May.
It will include exhibits by RHS Gold medal winning garden designers, artists, sculptors, horticulturalists and floral design artists at Christ Church, as well as town centre displays along Chestergate and Mill Street.
Jon, who won Gold at the RHS Flower Show at Tatton Park in 2011, hopes the festival will delight residents and visitors, as well as encourage a new generation of green fingers.
They said: “I want to involve as many people from Macclesfield as possible. This is something that could really work well in the middle of the town. It will be something to bring the community together and brighten up the town centre. We want to get as many people involved as possible. It will be fantastic to walk down Mill Street and Chestergate and see all these colourful planters.
“The festival is bringing together all of the town's schools, community groups and businesses, to live up to our mission to celebrate gardens, design, art and nature. We've got all the schools doing something and I'd like to hear from gardeners who can get involved.”
Jon, who ran Dragonfly Garden Design for many years until moving into property development, said they hoped the festival would fill a void left by the Barnaby Festival, which will next take place in 2018.
They said: “The festival has been knocking around my brain for some time and when I heard Barnaby became biannual there was a space to do something.”
Professional garden designers Clive Scott and Andy Walker have both been confirmed for the festival, with sculptors Michelle Castles and Olivia Ferrier also taking part. It is also hoped that there will be a ‘Jurassic garden' created by paleontologist Stu Pond.
Red Willow Brewery are also hoping to run a special ‘garden bar' for the event.
Community exhibitions planned include a ‘Yarn Tree' outside the Town Hall, which will be designed and created by Sixth Form students at Kings. And the town's high schools will create painted designs with recycled materials on the four pillars of the Town Hall, with an award for the best design.
Primary School children are also getting involved and will dress up for a ‘Spring Wassail', while shops and businesses are invited to take part in a ‘planter competition'.
Jon, who has already secured some sponsorship from the Grosvenor Centre and a number of local businesses, is holding a public meeting tomorrow (Thursday, January 5) for anyone who would like to get involved.
They said: “The whole idea is to bring the community together, so we need as many people as possible to get involved.
“We would like people to get involved with the gardens, but we would also need help with people as marshals, organising some of the events, there's lots to be done.”
The festival will run from Friday, May 19 to Sunday, May 21.
The meeting will be held at St Michael's Church at 7pm.
Relatives embrace Section 27's advocate Adila Hassi after the ruling in the Life Esidimeni arbitration hearing was made. Picture: Nokuthula Mbatha/ANA
Johannesburg - Former Gauteng health MEC Qedani Mahlangu is far from being off the hook, after a damning judgment that opened the floodgates for tough action to be taken against them for their role in the Life Esidimeni tragedy that killed 144 psychiatric patients.
Reacting just after the hard-hitting order delivered by retired deputy chief justice Dikgang Moseneke, the ANC in Gauteng said Mahlangu will now appear before its integrity committee.
The ANC's provincial secretary Hope Papo said: “In line with the decisions of the provincial executive committee, Comrade Mahlangu will appear before the ANC's provincial integrity committee, as part of a process of internal accountability within the party.”
The date of their appearance is still be announced.
Read: Families of #LifeEsidimeni patients to be paid R1.2m in compensation
#LifeEsidimeni: Families grateful for payouts but still want justice
#LifeEsidimeni: What the public didn't see at the arbitration hearings
When giving their ruling in the Life Esidimeni arbitration hearing on Monday, Moseneke accused Mahlangu, the former head of department Dr Tiego Selebano and the former head of mental health services Dr Makgabo Manamela of feigning ignorance on how bad the mental health marathon project actually was.
They found that the removal of patients from Life Esidimeni facilities to unregistered NGOs was “irrational and cruel”.
Stopping just short of ordering their arrest, Moseneke strongly implored the police to do their job and ensure that justice is served. They ordered that each family receive R1million for constitutional damages; R180000 for trauma and shock; and R20000 for funeral expenses - all of which should be paid within three months.
The money excludes the claimants' legal fees and counselling, which are expected to also run into millions. Moseneke also ordered that a monument be erected to remember the victims.
This has left the Gauteng government with a massive headache of choosing which projects and services to sacrifice to honour the multimillion-rand Life Esidimeni tragedy compensation.
Picture: Nokuthula Mbatha/ANA
Moseneke awarded more than R250m to the 144 family members of psychiatric patients who died. The compensation will also be awarded to about 68 survivors of the devastating project.
The arbitration process has already cost Premier David Makhura's office R47m to cover venue costs, video production, the transportation of family members, lawyers, and sign language and interpretation services.
Provincial government spokesperson Thabo Masebe welcomed Moseneke's order, and said their office had been preparing for its outcome.
But despite their preparations, Masebe said they will have to consult with the provincial treasury and then adjust their budget in order to meet Moseneke's ruling.
The amount is also way above the R28m that Gauteng finance MEC Barbara Creecy had allocated to Life Esidimeni, when they tabled their budget last month.
“The Gauteng treasury will allocate a budget and we will have to have a budget adjustment to find the money within the provincial government.
“The R28m was a provisional allocation. We now know how much we have to pay.
“We will go back to the treasury and calculate exactly how much money will be required and ensure that we have the money to comply with the order,” said Masebe.
“The premier said we will comply and that means that we will have to find the money.
“We will follow the process of budgeting, including adjustment. We will meet the deadline,” added Masebe.
They said their office will be responsible for all the Life Esidimeni payouts and they were confident that no services will suffer as a result.
“We anticipated that there would be an order for compensation,” they added.
Picture: Nokuthula Mbatha/ANA
But Jack Bloom, the DA's health spokesperson in the legislature, said the province did not have enough money to manage the compensation in such a short time.
“They don't have the money and can only do the budget adjustment in November, which will be very late because they need to pay everyone by June. They will be left with no choice but to get money from other departments and channel it to the Life Esidimeni payouts,” Bloom said.
Papo said the provincial government needed to do whatever it takes to ensure that the Life Esidimeni matter was speedily settled.
“We welcome the fact that MEC Creecy made budgetary provisions in anticipation of today's award announcement. Where there are shortfalls, the provincial government should make the necessary adjustments, so as not to inconvenience the affected families,” Papo said.
Also read: #LifeEsidimeni: Qedani Mahlangu says their life is in danger
#LifeEsidimeni: Final nail in Qedani coffin
#LifeEsidimeni: 'Mahlangu shows no remorse'
Moseneke recommended that the Gauteng government report the conduct of the health professionals implicated in the relocation of the Life Esidimeni patients to their respective health boards.
On Monday, Selebano said they were unaware of this decision, but seemed willing to take whatever was thrown at him.
“I didn't know about it, because I've been busy with other things,” Selebano said.
Section27 welcomed the ruling, saying it was a major step towards the new culture of accountability in the public service.
Legal Aid SA, which represented 58 claimants, said they would keep the Gauteng government on its toes to ensure that it complies with the order.
“We are pleased that the rights of the vulnerable have been recognised and upheld. As emphasised throughout this process, the dignity of the survivors was grossly violated, with Justice Moseneke stating that ‘every element of the project trampled on human dignity',” it said.
@lindilesifile
The Star
DURHAM, N.C. -- It might not seem like a big deal if you like Coke while your partner likes Pepsi -- but new research suggests preferring different brands can affect our happiness in relationships more than shared interests or personality traits.
"People think compatibility in relationships comes from having similar backgrounds, religion or education," said Gavan Fitzsimons, a marketing professor at Duke University's Fuqua School of Business. "But we find those things don't explain how happy you are in life nearly as much as this notion of brand compatibility."
The findings, "Coke vs. Pepsi: Brand Compatibility, Relationship Power, and Life Satisfaction," were recently published in the Journal of Consumer Research. Fitzsimons worked with Fuqua colleagues Tanya Chartrand and Grainne Fitzsimons, plus lead author and former Fuqua PhD student Danielle Brick, now at the University of New Hampshire.
The researchers found that partners who had low power in their relationships - those who don't feel they can shape their partner's behavior - tend to find themselves stuck with their partner's preferred brands.
"If you are lower in relationship power and have different brand preferences than your partner, you're probably going to find yourself stuck with your partner's favorite brands, over and over again. This could lead to a death-by-a-thousand-cuts feeling," Brick said. "Most couples won't break up over brand incompatibility, but it leads to the low power partner becoming less and less happy."
Studies in several settings produced the same result. The researchers used brand preferences in soda, coffee, chocolate, beer and automobiles to study individuals and couples, some of whom were tracked over two years. These results were combined with findings on relationship power and happiness.
"It's an extremely robust effect, we found it over and over and over again," Fitzsimons said.
Brick said it's likely these brand compatibility effects have steadily gained strength as brands have evolved to play a bigger role in the daily lives of consumers. But they aren't given the same weight as other relationship-influencing factors because they're not seen as significant.
"If you are a different religion than your romantic partner, you know that if this is an issue you can't work through, then the relationship isn't going to last," Brick said. "Conversely, if you like Coke and your partner likes Pepsi, you're probably not going to break up over it -- but 11 years into a relationship, when they or they keep coming home with Pepsi, day in and day out, it might start to cause a little conflict. And if you're the low-power person in the relationship, who continually loses out on brands and is stuck with your partner's preferences, you are going to be less happy."
The results have implications for individuals and firms.
"People who are looking for love should maybe consider including brand preferences on their dating profiles," Fitzsimons said. "There's also an opportunity for marketers to seek to be the family brand. Even if two partners have slightly different brand preferences, if they can adopt a joint brand that both are happy about, that might increase happiness for a partner who would otherwise feel unsatisfied."
Fitzsimons said that family branding isn't currently commonplace.
"Some brands are marketed as family-oriented, but that's not the same as reaching out to everyone in the family," they said. "It's tricky, but firms that get it right can have their brand associated with happiness and harmony - and there's nothing better than that."
###
CITATION: "Coke vs. Pepsi: Brand Compatibility, Relationship Power, and Life Satisfaction," Danielle J. Brick Gráinne M. Fitzsimons Tanya L. Chartrand Gavan J. Fitzsimons. Journal of Consumer Research, June 28, 2017. DOI: 10.1093/jcr/ucx079
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (AP) — As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which they blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Vice President Mike Pence, traveling in South America, condemned “these dangerous fringe groups” and said they “have no place in American public life and in the American debate.”
Trump said nothing, save for a few retweets. One was about two Virginia state police officers killed in a helicopter crash while monitoring the Charlottesville protests, another about a Justice Department probe into the violence.
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that they condemn “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Speaking slowly from their New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time.”
The White House statement Sunday went further. “The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.” It added: “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance.
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that they considered the attack to be terrorism. On Saturday, Trump had not responded to reporters' shouted questions about terrorism.
“I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.” ”It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans.”
The president's homeland security adviser, Tom Bossert, defended the president's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent, too. When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN's “State of the Union,” they specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide, Ivanka Trump, tweeted Sunday morning: “There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.”
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said they spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that they twice told the president “we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” They said they urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame.”
The president did not have any public events on Sunday. White House staff did not share any information on their activities except that they and their staff were monitoring the aftermath of the violence in Virginia.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. They didn't attack us. They just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer, a Democrat, slammed Trump's stance toward hate groups, saying on NBC's “Meet the Press” that they hope Trump “looks themselves in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who they consorted with.”
“Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you,” Signer said.
In Cartagena, Colombia, Pence responded to a reporter's question about the violence in Charlottesville and said, in part: “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer their condemnation of white supremacists. Their strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily, only when asked, and they occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during their campaign. Their chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that their former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
In a letter to the Senate Sergeant at Arms, Rep. Gwen Moore (D-WI) warned that if elected to the Senate, Roy Moore could pose danger to the high school students who participate in the Senate page program.
They asked the Sergeant at Arms to share “what preventative steps are being taken to safeguard Senate Pages from predatory conduct of U.S. Senators and Senate staff.”
The member of congress noted that Roy Moore, the GOP Senate candidate in Tuesday's special election in Alabama, has been accused of inappropriate relationships with teenage girls and that they were reportedly banned from the local mall as a result. As a result, Gwen Moore said that Roy Moore is a “threat to the safety of the young men and women” in the page program.
They argued that participants in the page program are in a vulnerable situation since they are far from home and work in a place that “necessitates long hours in close proximity to lawmakers and staff that can create power dynamics of which young people are not fully aware.”
“It would be unconscionable for Congress to not be vigilant and proactive in taking precautions to safeguard these children given the well sourced allegations against Roy Moore,” Gwen Moore wrote in the letter, which was dated Dec. 8.
They also mentioned Rep. Mark Foley (R-FL), who resigned in 2006 after sending inappropriate, sexually explicit messages to at least one underage male page, before asking the Sergeant at Arms to details what steps are being taken to protect pages.
Read the letter from Rep. Moore:
Using the Titan supercomputer at the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility (OLCF), a team of researchers has calculated a fundamental property of protons and neutrons, known as the nucleon axial coupling, with groundbreaking precision.
Led by Andre Walker-Loud of the US Department of Energy's (DOE's) Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, the project also used computing resources at DOE's Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. The OLCF is a DOE Office of Science User Facility located at DOE's Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL).
By applying lattice quantum chromodynamics (QCD)--a numerical method for calculating the underlying physics of the subatomic particles that make up protons and neutrons known as quarks and gluons--the team calculated the nucleon axial coupling with an unprecedented 1 percent precision, meaning all their computational results were in close agreement, or reside within a narrow distribution. The results also accurately matched long-standing experimental results.
"Lattice QCD is the only way we know how to compute properties of strongly interacting matter directly from fundamental theory," Walker-Loud said. "For about a decade it has been an important predictive tool for high-energy physics."
Although lattice QCD is often applied in the atom-smashing world of high-energy physics where scientists model particles interacting within very short distances, it has been a less manageable approach at the size of protons and neutrons (known as nucleons for their essential role in forming nuclei). Instead low-energy, or nuclear, physics problems are often modeled using data-driven, approximate methods.
The new nucleon axial coupling calculation, published in the journal Nature, provides the research community with a critical benchmark for applying lattice QCD to nuclear physics problems. Ultimately, this and other calculations enabled by the team's computational technique could aid in the search for dark matter and help answer other outstanding questions about the nature of the universe.
Fundamental forces
Of the four fundamental forces by which matter interacts, the "strong" force gets its name for being stronger than the other three forces: the weak force, electromagnetism, and gravity.
Because the strong force is exerted at short distances--the space between particles in the nucleus of an atom--it is perhaps not as well known as gravity or electromagnetism, which can affect matter at visible scales. The strong force shapes an atom by bringing together, first, the quarks that make up nucleons and, second, the nucleons that make up the nucleus.
When scientists refer to the "underlying" or "fundamental" physics of nuclei, they are talking about the strong force interactions of quarks and gluons, including the property of color charge that influences how quarks are bound together and from which the study of quantum "chromo"-dynamics gets its name. Lattice QCD formulates these strong force interactions on a 4D grid, or lattice, representing space-time. The weak force is also a lesser known but fundamentally important force in nuclear physics because it drives the decay and transformation of an unstable particle into other particles, contributing to the rich diversity of elements and their many properties.
By changing a down quark to an up quark, a weak force interaction known as the weak axial current drives the decay of a neutron into a proton. The nucleon axial coupling, or gA, is the strength by which the weak axial current couples to nucleons, which are held together by the strong force. Influenced by both of these fundamental forces, the nucleon axial coupling is an important value for making predictions about neutron decay and exploring new physics beyond the current Standard Model of Particle Physics.
"When we talk about the possibility of using lattice QCD for nuclear physics models, members of the experimental community often say 'Come back when you have gA' because it is such an important benchmark quantity," Walker-Loud said.
Neutron decay is a current topic in dark matter searches, among other questions related to the nature of matter. If dark matter particles are released in neutron decay, as some theories suggest, then it might explain the presence of dark matter in the universe and offer a means of detection.
"There is a giant experimental effort to look for new physics in nuclear physics backgrounds," Walker-Loud said. "Dark matter detection is one example. Other examples include looking for slight deviations from the predicted decay pattern of neutrons for which you have to be able to compute the contributions very precisely."
The main reason it is difficult to apply lattice QCD problems to low-energy nuclear physics and get such precise computations, even as computing power increases, is known as the "signal-to-noise" problem. Just as large error bars clutter a graph, uncertainty or noise in computational results complicates researchers' efforts to extract the signal they are seeking.
In the case of nuclear physics applications, a small subatomic particle known as the pion, which mediates nucleon interactions, introduces a lot of uncertainty in lattice QCD calculations.
"The tiny mass of the pion particles generates a lot of unwanted, statistical noise in the results," Walker-Loud said. Reducing the pion mass toward its physical value, which is tiny compared with the neutron mass, is important to accurate calculations but exacerbates the signal-to-noise problem.
Because QCD is a strongly interacting theory, creating an isolated neutron from the vacuum in lattice QCD calculations is nearly impossible. Instead, the neutron is simultaneously created with many other "excited" energy states, such as "breathing" or "resonating" modes of the neutron. As time progresses, these excited states decay away, leaving only the lowest energy state or "ground state" neutron. To calculate properties of the neutron, such as the nucleon axial coupling, these excited state contributions must be filtered out. Ironically, as the excited states decay away later, the signal-to-noise problem increases.
Using traditional lattice QCD methods, calculating the nucleon axial coupling can be a no-win situation. Because of these and other computational challenges, the research community predicted that computing the nucleon axial coupling with a total uncertainty of 2 percent would take a couple more years and require next-generation supercomputers.
"For us to do it with 1 percent uncertainty required us to develop new ideas," Walker-Loud said. "We have to continue to develop new strategies for computing that can accelerate the entire application of lattice QCD to nuclear physics."
Turning down the noise
The team's improved computational strategy reduced the amount of statistical sampling needed for an accurate answer, and GPUs accelerated the subsequent computations.
"We used about a factor of 10 fewer samples than previous projects," Walker-Loud said. "The most computationally expensive calculations could only be performed on Titan, which enabled us to do our calculations about 100 times faster than we would have been able to do so otherwise."
To reduce the signal-to-noise problem, the team's improved method first averaged the interaction of the weak axial current across many points in time as a neutron decays to a proton, as opposed to selecting one interaction time as in previous methods. Second, the method filtered out excited state data, providing the team more control over uncertainty and enabling access to the signal earlier in the simulation time when the data is most precise.
"This was an intense two-and-a-half-year project that only came together because of the great team of people working on it," Walker-Loud said.
The success of the project also relied on publicly available QCD configurations (which allow researchers to model how particles move on the lattice) from the MIMD Lattice Computation Collaboration; the lattice QCD code Chroma developed by USQCD; and QUDA, the lattice QCD library for NVIDIA GPU-accelerated compute nodes.
Walker-Loud said the data from Titan will allow the team to solve other physics problems by reducing the supercomputing cost of these additional results. The team also plans to pursue an even more precise calculation of the nucleon axial coupling on next-generation supercomputers, which could help resolve fine-grained discrepancies in existing experimental results and provide experimentalists looking for corrections to the Standard Model with more narrow search parameters.
###
This research was supported by the DOE Office of Science, including the Offices of Advanced Scientific Computing and Nuclear Physics, and by the National Science Foundation.
Authors include researchers and staff from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory; University of California, Berkeley; University of North Carolina; Brookhaven National Laboratory; Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory; Forschungszentrum Julich; University of Liverpool; College of William & Mary; Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey; University of Washington; University of Glasgow; NVIDIA Corporation; and Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility.
The Russian language is gaining popularity as Russia expands its economic ties and attracts more tourists each year.
The Pushkin State Russian Language Institute has launched an express Russian as a Foreign Language (RFL) course on its Education in Russian website, a spokesperson for the Institute's press service told RIA Novosti.
The Russian language is growing increasingly popular around the world as Russia expands its economic ties with other countries and attracts more tourists, says Olga Kultepina, of the Higher School of Economics at the National Research University, who helped develop the course.
"I notice that the number of RFL groups grows with every passing year. Many students come to Russia with a good level of knowledge and want to improve. New online resources have appeared as well, which reflect an interest in Russian. For example, 5.81 million students have subscribed to the Duolingo Russian course, which is fourth in the ratings," they told RIA Novosti.
The express course is in the MOOC (Massive Open Online Courses) format for maximum access and includes video lectures, references and an interactive capacity for communication between teachers and students.
READ MORE: A Sign of Things to Come: Russian Scientists Teach Sign Language to AI
© AFP 2017/ THOMAS KIENZLE Russian Space Research Institute Announces July 2020 Date for Mission to Mars
The course program is designed for students with a basic grasp of Russian. According to Ms. Kultepina, it only takes the will to start learning and self-discipline. The course is available on all multimedia devices with online access, including smartphones. Thus learning is within reach at any time, including on the move.
Each course is 45 hours long and consists of 15 lessons with individual assignments and tests. Upon completion, students are issued a certificate.
The RFL-1 and RFL-2 courses were developed under the Russian Language Federal Targeted Program of the Russian Ministry of Education and Science.
Just after news broke that President Donald Trump had declassified House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes' (R-CA) anti-FBI memo, Trump told reporters they thought the incidents detailed in the document were a “terrible” and a “disgrace.”
“I think it's terrible. I think it's a disgrace what's going on in this country. I think it's a disgrace,” they said Friday afternoon. “The memo was sent to Congress, it was declassified. Congress will do whatever they're going to do, but I think it's a disgrace what's happening in our country.”
Trump also claimed that “a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that.”
“Let's see what happens, but a lot of people should be ashamed.”
When asked whether they have confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, Trump dodged.
“You'll figure that one out,” they said.
Breaking from cautions from their own Justice Department, Trump reportedly declassified the memo around noon on Friday. It was sent to the House Intelligence Committee and released before 12:30 p.m. EST. The memo in question reportedly purports to show that FBI officials abused the FISA process when seeking a warrant to surveil Trump campaign aide Carter Page.
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May, even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty caused by rising trade tensions.
The Fed said Wednesday that its survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the central bank's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity and a third of those districts describing manufacturing conditions as "strong."
The survey was taken after the Trump administration announced plans to institute tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, actions designed to boost domestic producers.
It will inform discussions when the central bank meets next month, when it is expected to raise rates.
The loss of forests in Africa in the past century is substantially less than previously estimated, an analysis of historical records and paleontology evidence by Yale researchers shows.
Previous estimates put deforestation at 35% to 55% on the continent since 1900. The new analysis estimates closed-canopy forests have shrunk by 21.7%, according to findings published Dec. 11 in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution. However, research also shows that some West and East African forests have been reduced between 80% and 90%.
Earlier surveys incorrectly labelled ancient savannas as newly deforested regions, said A. Carla Staver, assistant professor of ecology and evolutionary biology and senior author of the study.
The new analysis should help focus conservation efforts in Africa, they said.
"There is a global effort to increase the number of trees that can trap carbon," Staver said. "In Africa, it would make the most sense to focus these efforts in areas that have truly been deforested rather than in areas which have long been savannas."
Staver and former Yale postdoc Julie C. Aleman, now at the University of Montreal, used traditional sources such as early 20th-century European maps to estimate the extent of African forests in 1900. But the team also cross-checked the documents with paleontological records -- including pollen, leaf parts known as phytoliths, and charcoal preserved in lake sediment and soil -- to reconstruct the historical ecology of tropical regions of Africa.
The single greatest contributor to continental deforestation was conversion of forests in West African countries including Ghana and Sierra Leone. However, the team also found that forests had actually expanded in Central African countries such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Central African Republic.
"As conservationists, it is easy to look at this study as good news -- that deforestation isn't as bad as we thought," Staver said. "The bad news is that central African forests have been spared because violent conflicts have prevented economic development, at the costs of human lives and livelihoods."
###
Aleman is lead author of the study and Yale's Mart Jarzyna is a co-author.
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation, the Seessel Fund, and the Yale Climate and Energy Institute.
Man, who attempted pretentious suicide to promote Turkey's Erdoğan, commits murder
A man whose pretentious suicide attempt was prevented fabulously by Turkish autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in December 2015 killed a man who was allegedly in a relationship with their wife on Monday in İstanbul.
The incident occurred in the Sultangazi district of the city early on Sunday when locals informed fire crews after seeing smoke rising from a residential building. After police arrived at the scene to investigate they found a dead body in the apartment.
Police have identified the victim as Celal Doğancık, who was working as a DJ in entertainment venues around İstanbul. Investigators found signs indicating that they were choked to death before the apartment was set alight.
The main suspect in the murder is Vezir Çatraş, who was in 2015 prevented from committing suicide on the Bosphorus Bridge by Erdoğan. Çatraş and two of their acquaintances were detained by police and they confessed to the killing during their testimony, saying the victim was having an affair with theirs wife.
Them wife had reportedly separated from them in April 2016, leaving them behind with two children.
Back on Dec. 25, 2015, Çatraş was talked down from a suicide attempt by Erdoğan, who was crossing the bridge at the time. It was speculated that they were paid for a suicide attempt that was planned to promote Erdoğan politically. They subsequently said they had been suffering with financial difficulties and was hired to work in a public institution upon the instruction of Erdoğan after the incident.
Related
A young girl has died and multiple others have been seriously injured after a car is said to have intentionally rammed through a pizzeria in the French town of Sept-Sorts.
UPDATE 16:45 EST: Police now claim that the suspect in the incident is totally “unknown” to both police and the French intelligence services.
advertisement
UPDATE 16:20 EST: According to French broadcaster RTL police are saying the man wanted to commit suicide, had weapons in their vehicle and is 39-years-old. Authorities are saying the motive for the act is not terrorism according to early investigations. Five of those injured in the attack remain in critical condition.
Police say they have arrested one man in connection with the incident but have so far not identified the individual or made any claims as to the motivation of the suspect. A young eight-year-old girl has been confirmed dead at the scene and a further five people are in critical condition French broadcaster BFMTV reports.
Several unconfirmed pictures have been published on Twitter which appears to show a car that matches the description of the BMW involved in the incident.
🚨 Une voiture a foncé, de manière intentionnelle, sur la terrasse d'une pizzeria de #SeptSorts. 8 blessés, dont 6 graves. pic.twitter.com/0vlo0Zz0tF — deSperate (@TMBKA2_) August 14, 2017
More follows.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Steinhoff International Holdings Nv :
* ‍STEPHANUS JOHANNES GROBLER AND MARIZA NEL HAVE RESIGNED AS DIRECTORS OF COMPANY WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT​‍​
* LOUIS DU PREEZ AND FRANS JOHANNES GELDENHUYS, HAVE BEEN APPOINTED AS DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
0 Unabomber: TV shows, movies and books about Ted Kaczynski
More than 20 years after FBI agents arrested Theodore J. Kaczynski at their Lincoln, Montana, cabin, the man known as the “Unabomber” continues to fascinate true crime fans.
>> Read more trending news
Kaczynski, known as the Unabomber, was blamed for three deaths and 23 injuries when they mailed 16 bombs to universities and airlines over the course of 17 years from 1978-1995.
In June 1995, they sent their manifesto to The New York Times and The Washington Post, saying they would stop the bombings if it was published. The Washington Post published the 35,000-word manifesto on Sept. 22, 1995.
Here are a few iterations of coverage of the Unabomber.
“Unabomber: The True Story”
In 1996 “Unabomber: The True Story” aired on the USA Network. The TV film starred Tobin Bell as Kaczynski.
The movie is not available for streaming and can only be watched on DVD or Amazon Video.
“Every Last Tie: The Story of the Unabomber and Their Family”
In 2016, David Kaczynski, the younger brother of Ted Kaczynski, published a memoir in which they recounted growing up with the person who became the Unabomber and ultimately turning them in. In the book, David Kaczynski says that their wife, Linda Patrik, was the one who first became suspicious that their brother-in-law was the Unabomber.
Of the book, David Kacynzki told The Guardian, “It doesn't have any kind of thesis or analysis of how my brother transformed. It's more of a meditation on the mystery of how that can happen.”
“Every Last Tie” can be purchased on Amazon.
“Manhunt: Unabomber”
Discovery released the limited series “Manhunt: Unabomber” in 2017.
The eight-part series attempts to explain why Ted Kaczynski, a mathematician, began a letter bomb campaign. The Unabomber is played by Paul Bettany. Mark Duplass plays David Kaczynski.
“This is a guy who mails bombs to people he's never met,” series co-writer and executive producers Andrew Sodroski said of the series. “At the same time he's a victim too. They were a little boy with a bright future ahead of him, and then something happened.”
The series can be watched on Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and on Blu-ray and DVD.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
A research group, including Emeritus Professor Tsuneo Nitta, Professor Junsei Horikawa, and Assistant Professor Shunji Sugimoto at Toyohashi University of Technology along with Associate Professor Koichi Katsurada of Tokyo University of Science, has developed a technology that can recognize the numbers 0 to 9 with 90% accuracy using brain waves, or electroencephalogram (EEG), while uttering the numbers. Furthermore, the technology has also realized the recognition of 18 types of Japanese monosyllables from EEG signals with 60% accuracy, which shows the possibility of an EEG-activated typewriter in the near future.
The details of this research will be presented at Interspeech 2017 held in Stockholm in August. http://www. interspeech2017. org/
The research group has collected EEG-data while uttering Japanese digits and monosyllables. Regarding these data, the group investigated digit and monosyllable recognition experiments.
Up until now, speech-decoding from EEG signals has had difficulty in collecting enough data to allow the use of powerful algorithms based on 'deep learning' or other types of machine learning. The research group has developed a different research-framework that can achieve high performance with a small training data-set. The new framework is based on holistic pattern recognition using category theory, or composite mapping, in which a dual space and a tensor space including exterior algebra are introduced.
In the experiment of spoken-digit recognition from EEG signals, 90% recognition accuracy was achieved. At the same time, 61% accuracy in 18 Japanese monosyllable recognition was achieved outperforming performance in previous research (humans have sufficient intelligibility of sentences with an 80% monosyllable recognition rate).
Emeritus Professor Nitta and their group aim to develop a 'Brain Computer Interface' that recognizes utterances without voicing, or speech imagery. This technology may enable handicapped people, who have lost the ability of voice-communication, to obtain the ability once again. It is also expected that the technology would give a healthy person the most natural interface without any limitations as well.
Furthermore, the research group plans to develop a device that can be easily operated with fewer electrodes and connected to smartphones within the next five years.
###
Funding
This research was funded by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology and the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science Research Grant 16K00251.
We will hold a press conference on April 18 to present the details of this research at Toyohashi University of Technology.
April 24 (UPI) -- Actor Bruce Campbell announced they are retiring from their iconic role of demon hunter Ash Williams.
"I bid you a heartfelt farewell playing Ash -- the character I took acting lessons with for 39 years," the 59-year-old actor wrote in a Facebook post Monday.
"I am hereby retiring from that portrayal," Campbell wrote. "It's time. I followed Ash from their formative years thru their mid-life crisis and decline. What a thrill! What a privilege! We had a great resurgence with the help of Starz (kudos not jeers, folks). They made it possible for 15 more hours of Evil Dead-ness in your life -- the equivalent of 10 more features! Is Ash dead? Never. Ash is as much a concept as a person. Where there is evil in this world, there must be one to counter -- man or woman, it matters not. Thanks for watching."
Starz canceled Ash vs. Evil Dead last week after three seasons and Campbell's message will likely quash fan hopes that the horror-comedy series might find a new home on another network or be followed up by a fourth film. Campbell previously played Ash in three Evil Dead movies dating back to 1981.
2/3
AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND - APRIL 25: George Sharp, 7, takes part in Anzac Day commemorations at Auckland War Memorial Museum on April 25, 2018 in Auckland, New Zealand. In 1916 the first Anzac Day commemorations were held on 25 April. It's been 102 years since the Australian and New Zealand Army Corp (ANZAC) landed on the shores of Gallipoli during World War 1. Anzac day is a national holiday in New Zealand, marked by a dawn service held during the time of the original Gallipoli landing and commemorated with ceremonies and parades throughout the day. (Photo by Fiona Goodall/Getty Images)
POOR choices, snap decisions and quick to jump to conclusions.
No, this isn't a story about a wayward teen. This is about Canberra's edge defence.
If Ricky Stuart doesn't sort it out quickly, they'll struggle to win a game this season.
Speak to any first grade coach and they'll tell you it's difficult carrying one half who can't defend but you can get by.
Play with two poor defensive halves and it's near impossible to hide.
Watch every NRL premiership game live in 2018 on Fox Sports. Sign up here to stream for free on a two week trial >
It's something the Raiders are struggling with this season and it's staring us all in the face after two rounds.
Both the Gold Coast and Newcastle exploited the Raiders' edges and it paid dividends.
Sam Williams and Blake Austin are the target men.
This week they host the Warriors and you can guarantee the No.6 and 7 will feature on Stephen Kearney's cheat sheet.
Camera Icon Kalyn Ponga draws in Sam Williams to put Lachlan Fitzgibbon away. Picture: FOX SPORTS
NRL premiership winning hooker, Michael Ennis, broke it down on The Big League Wrap.
“Sam Williams and Blake Austin were absolutely terrorised by those two Knights (halves) on regular occasions,” Ennis said.
Ben Ikin and Nathan Ryan are joined by Storm recruitment manager Paul Bunn to discuss the club's secrets for luring new players to the club, including a behind-the-scenes role for Billy Slater.
You can also subscribe via iTunes or for Android users, listen on the iPP Podcast Player app.
Delve a little deeper and you can see just how big the problem runs.
Using Sunday's narrow loss to the Knights as the example, the first try of the match was due to a poor reaction on the part of Williams.
Kalyn Ponga did enough to garner Williams' interest with a little goose step and as soon as the half turned their shoulders in, Ponga had him.
“Ponga skipped to the outside of (Sia) Soliola and Williams has lost total sight of Fitzgibbon and just strolled in,” Ennis said.
Camera Icon Blake Austin turns their shoulders in to create the hole for Connor Watson to put Aidan Guerra away. Picture: FOX SPORTS
“ … the more that Pearce and Ponga play direct and dive into the line, they (Williams) comes in through panic and opens up their outside shoulder and then they're disconnected on the outside.”
The final try, and match winner, was perhaps the most baffling decision.
Austin screamed out of the line and left their edge exposed. It was a rushed decision outside of their usual structure and their team paid the price.
“Ricky's given them a plan,” Ennis said.
“These days you have defensive coaches and you have systems to stay in. Blake Austin is coming out of there. He's not told to rush out on Mitchell Pearce at all.
“Stay in your system. Get up and hold your space and it's man on man but they panic because Mitchell swings to the short side.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts suggested President Donald Trump's pro-gun administration is the ‘NRA's Dream' but America's nightmare Sunday, during an appearance MSNBC.
They were especially concerned about the push for “concealed carry reciprocity,” which they described as “extremely dangerous.”
For anyone not familiar with national reciprocity for concealed carry, the goal is to replace the current patchwork of concealed carry laws with a recognition that a concealed permit from one state is valid in every state. This would allow concealed permit holders to drive from one state to the next and keep their handgun with them for self-defense just as they do in their home state. This is what Watts described as “extremely dangerous.”
They said national reciprocity is “the NRA's dream but it is a nightmare for public safety.” They did not provide any data substantiating their suggestion that concealed carry permit holders endanger public safety.
Watts also mentioned “silencer legislation” and “talk of executive orders to put guns in schools.” They then spoke to the fact that President Trump will be speaking at the NRA's Annual Meetings on April 28, and said, “I would like to see Donald Trump say something about where they stand on these dangerous laws.”
It is important to note that Trump actually led the charge for national reciprocity during their presidential campaign, so there is no need for them to clarify their stance. On September 18, 2015, Breitbart News quoted Trump:
The right of self-defense doesn't stop at the end of your driveway. That's why I have a concealed carry permit and why tens of millions of Americans do too. That permit should be valid in all 50 states. A driver's license works in every state, so it's common sense that a concealed carry permit should work in every state. If we can do that for driving – which is a privilege, not a right – then surely we can do that for concealed carry, which is a right, not a privilege.
Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., also spoke plainly during the campaign when they explained that their father would support firearm suppressor deregulation.
And Trump was very clear in numerous statements about the dangers posed by gun-free zones, like the ones at Orlando Pulse (June 12, 2106), Umpqua Community College (October 1, 2015), and Sandy Hook Elementary (December 14, 2012). In fact, following the Umpqua Community College attack, The Hill quoted Trump saying, “I'll tell you, if you had a couple of the teachers or someone with guns in that room, you would have been a hell of a lot better off.”
On April 16, Breitbart News reported Watts' claim that “caring Americans” support gun control.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com
March 31 Sama Resources Inc
* Sama Resources announces CAN$2,000,000 equity financing
* Sama Resources Inc - Non-brokered private placement of up to 13.33 million units at a price of CAN$0.15 per unit
* Sama Resources Inc - Proceeds from private placement will be used for advancement of company's exploration and development programs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Princeton University is set to host a “fat positive dinner” in February for students who self-identify as “fat.”
According to a report from Campus Reform, Princeton University is set to host a “fat positive dinner” for “fat identified” persons on February 8th at the campus's women's center.
“This space is intended for fat identified people to share their experiences as a fat person at Princeton in an accepting and supportive environment,” a Princeton newsletter reads. “We will discuss fat positive programming ideas for the Spring semester as well.”
It is not yet known what will be on the menu for the fat positive dinner.
In 2017, Breitbart Tech reported extensively on the growing trend of “fat activism” at universities throughout North America. Last fall, Princeton University offered a course that sought to combat “fat phobia” through dance and performance art.
Allyson Mitchell, a professor at York University in Toronto, Canada, argued in a recently published journal article that “fat queer art” can liberate obese individuals from the social perception that they are slow and lazy.
Writing for the academic journal, Fat Studies, Heather A. Brown of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, argued in 2017 that “interviews with 13 undergraduate women suggest that fat college women students experience the interactions of their fat bodies with the physical learning environment negatively.” In other words, the size of classroom furniture poses a barrier to the academic achievement of overweight female students.
A professor at the University of North Carolina in Charlotte penned an academic paper in early 2017 that argued that obesity should be “fashionable and fit.”
Andrea Hunt, a sociology professor at the University of North Alabama, argued in 2017 that fat professors are too frequently on the receiving end of “weight-based microaggressions.”
A course offered this spring at Oregon State University entitled “Fat Studies” makes the case that “weightism” is a civil rights issue, making it harder for overweight Americans to get ahead.
Victim not co-operating with police.
According to RCMP a man was taken to hospital over the weekend, They were suffering from what appeared to be a stab wound.
As Police were called to Surrey Central SkyTrain Station around 2:30 on Saturday afternoon and Sergeant Dale Carr said when police arrived and they found a man with injuries that appeared to be related to a “stabbing or slashing, however they appeared to be older.”
Carr said when police tried to speak to the man, they refused to provide details.
The Thirty Meter Telescope that is planned to be built on top of Mauna Kea on the Island of Hawaii has been at the heart of a heated debate within the native Hawaiian community.
While there are many that have voiced their concerns and disapproval, there is also what seems to be a silent majority in favor of the new telescope being built.
Office of Hawaiian Affairs trustee Peter Apo is one of the few who have spoken in favor of the TMT. They came on Sunrise to explain why they think the new telescope would help benefit not only Hawaiians, but the rest of the world.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
France U20 26
Ireland U20 24
John Fallon reports from Stade Aime Giral
IRELAND SEEMED POISED for a shock opening night win in the World Rugby U20 Championship in Perpignan when they led by 12 points at half-time.
But France were a different side after the restart, wiping out the lead inside five minutes and surging 26-17 in front after 51 minutes.
Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
However, a late try from Harry Byrne secured a losing bonus point for Noel McNamara's men.
Ireland, with their injury problems continuing to mount, just did not have a response and will now need to beat South Africa next Sunday to stay in contention for a semi-final berth.
Ireland, already without several injured players, were forced into a late change when loosehead prop James French was injured in the warm-up, with Jordan Duggan coming in to start.
Ireland were on the back foot from the outset when a Harry Byrne clearance was charged down and France made them pay, running a resultant penalty for left winger Maxime Marty to score in the corner after five minutes.
Noel McNamara and forwards coach Paul O'Connell. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
Romain Ntamack, son of former French star Emile, missed the conversion and was also off target with a penalty from 40 metres on the left after 14 minutes.
In between, Byrne was unable to find the target with a penalty from 40 metres on the left but they got Ireland off the mark after 18 minutes with a successful kick from 25 metres to cut the gap to 5-3.
Ireland lost debutant winger Dan Hurley after 27 minutes but by then Ireland had hit the front.
They patiently built several phases and flanker Joe Dunleavy supplied the finish, with Byrne converting to make it 10-5 after 22 minutes.
France, with Marty always looking dangerous down the left, butchered a couple of try-scoring chances with Irish replacement winger Sean O'Brien doing enough to deny Marty a second try.
At the other end winger Tom Roche intercepted to dash over but the move was whistled back for a high tackle on Ntamack which earned Irish tighthead Jack Aungier ten minutes in the bin.
Ireland stepped up and increased their lead despite being down a man, again showing great patience in attack for multiple drives before scrum-half Hugh O'Sullivan spotted a gap and dived over in the final play of the opening half. Byrne added the extras to lead 17-5 at the break.
Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
However, it took France less than five minutes to wipe out that advantage after the restart with scrum-half Arthur Coville scoring and then Ntamack chased their own grubber to score and convert and push France 19-17 in front.
They increased the lead after 51 minutes when Marty got their second try in the left corner after a superb break by fullback Clement Laporte, with Ntamack converting from the touchline to make it 26-17.
France were made sweat to the end when Byrne got in for Ireland's third try, but the visitors were unable to snatch it at the death.
Scorers for Ireland
Tries: Joe Dunleavy, Hugh O'Sullivan, Harry Byrne
Conversions: Harry Byrne [3 from 3]
Penalties: Harry Byrne [1 from 2]
Scorers for France
Tries: Maxime Marty (2), Artur Coville, Romain Ntamack
Conversions:Romain Ntamack [3 from 4]
Penalties: Romain Ntamack [0 from 1]
David Nucifora watches on in Stade Aime Giral. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
France: Clement Laporte; Lucas Tauzin, Pierre LouIs Barassi, Adrien Seguret, Maxime Marty (Matthis Lebal 66); Romain Ntamack, Artur Coville (c) (Jules Gimbert 66); Hassane Kolingar (Jean Baptiste Gros 53), Maxime Lamothe (Guillame Marchand 50), Daniel Brennan (Demba Bamba h-t); Thomas Lavault, Killian Geraci (Pierre-Henri Azagoh 56); Sacha Zegueur (Jordan Joseph 33), Cameron Woki, Charlie Francoz.
Ireland: Michael Silvester (Leinster); Tom Roche (Leinster), Tommy O'Brien (Leinster), Peter Sylvester (Munster), Dan Hurley (Munster) (Sean O'Brien (Leinster) 28); Harry Byrne (Leinster) (Conor Dean (Leinster) 50-59 HIA), Hugh O'Sullivan (Leinster) (Jonny Stewart (Ulster) 68); James French (Munster), Diarmuid Barron (Munster) (Dan Sheehan (Leinster) 76), Jack Aungier (Leinster) (Joe Byrne (Leinster) 57); Matthew Dalton (Ulster) (Cormac Daly (Leinster) 50 HIA), Jack Dunne (Leinster); Joe Dunleavy (Ulster) (Aaron Hall (Ulster) 68), Matthew Agnew (Ulster) (Joe Byrne (Leinster) 37-46), Caelan Doris (Leinster).
Referee: Karl Dickson (RFU).
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – The popular support of French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has decreased by 1 percent over the past 24 hours to 21 percent, while the victory prospects of French National Front (FN) party leader Marine Le Pen and The Republicans' candidate Francois Fillon have not changed, an Opinionway poll showed Wednesday.
Le Pen is expected to win 27 percent and Fillon is likely to gain 20 percent of support, the survey demonstrated, indicating that both candidates' results remain unchanged compared to Tuesday's poll.
The first round of the French presidential elections is scheduled for April 23, while the run-off is slated for May 7.
Fillon was the leader of the presidential race after The Republicans' primaries with about 30 percent of voters supporting him, but their image was damaged by a fraud job scandal that erupted in late January around their wife's allegedly fake employment.
KNOXVILLE — Scott High showed last spring that it could go on the road and stand toe-to-toe with Jody Wright's perennial state tournament contender at Fulton. The Highlanders showed it again Friday in their first matchup with the Falcons as a District 4-AA opponent. Despite falling, Scott held with Fulton to the end of a 73-62 decision.
A big reason Scott was able to keep it close was Caleb Ball. The senior scored 29 points — including 23 in the second half — to help power the Highlanders' effort. No other Scott player finished in double figures, though Bryson Russ knocked down three 3-pointers to finish with nine points.
Fulton's Edward Lacy finished with 25 points, while Trey Davis had 17 for the Falcons.
Scott led after the first quarter, with Ball knocking down two 3-pointers and Isaac Morrow scoring four of their six points to help the Highlanders to a 15-14 lead.
But points were harder to come by in the second quarter, as Fulton went on a 19-9 run to build a nine-point halftime advantage.
Ball went off in the third quarter, knocking down three 3-pointers and finishing with 12 points, but Lacy and Davis went off, too. Davis equaled the three 3-pointers, while Lacy had 11 points in the period, powering a 28-point period for the Falcons that helped them push the lead to 61-45 as the fourth quarter began.
Richie Dykes, the hero of Scott's non-district win over Union County on Dec. 5, had six assists in Friday's game. Mason Tucker had three blocked shots and three steals.
The Highlanders shot 60 percent from the field, including a sterling 62 percent from 3-point range. They hit 77 percent of their free throw attempts.
Those shooting percentages are good enough to win most games, but Fulton's defense forced the Highlanders into 25 turnovers, which proved to be a difference in the game.
FULTON (73): Lacy 25, T. Davis 17, Page 9, Berry 9, J. Davis 8, Fendersor 3, Foster 2.
SCOTT (62): Ball 29, Russ 9, Morrow 6, Dykes 6, Blakley 4, Goodman 4, Babb 2, Tucker 2.
SAN DIEGO — The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and its strike group will arrive off the Korean Peninsula at the end of April, multiple US defense officials tell CNN.
The carrier and its escorts left Singapore on April 8, according to a statement from the Navy's Pacific Fleet. They were ordered to head north to the Korean Peninsula in response to North Korean provocations, defense officials told CNN at the time.
Officials later said the strike group, including the 97,000-ton carrier and its 60-plus aircraft, the guided-missile destroyers USS Wayne E. Meyer and USS Michael Murphy and the guided-missile cruiser USS Lake Champlain would participate in naval exercises with the Australian navy south of Singapore before heading to Korea.
But the announcement that the Vinson had been dispatched to Korea increased tensions with Pyongyang, with its official Korean Central News Agency calling the carrier's deployment “nothing but a reckless action of aggression to aggravate the tensions in the region.”
US President Donald Trump added to the tension early last week by telling Fox Business News they were sending “an armada” of powerful warships and submarines to waters off Korea.
But as of Saturday, the Vinson group was nowhere near the region.
The US Navy does not officially confirm the whereabouts of its warships for security reasons. But photographs posted on the Navy's website on Tuesday showed the Vinson and its escorts were still in the Indian Ocean late last week.
And a picture dated April 15 shows the Vinson in the Sunda Strait, which separates the Indonesian islands of Java and Sumatra.
The Sunda Strait is about 3,300 miles (5,300 kilometers) from the Korean Peninsula. At
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Get your hands on the most desired compost in Seattle from Woodland Park Zoo. Fecal Fest is the annual event that invites local gardeners to enter a bid to purchase the exotic, highly-coveted Zoo Doo.
This year's Zoo Doo is composed of feces by a variety of the zoo's non-primate herbivores. Compost made from hippos, giraffes, mountain goats, tapirs and more, is used to grow perfect veggies and annuals.
World Endurance Championship LMP2 champion Bruno Senna completes United Autosports' two-car line-up for the Daytona 24 Hours.
Senna will join Will Owen, Hugo de Sadeleer and Paul di Resta in one of the two Liger JS P217s the team will run during the event.
“I'm very excited to join United Autosports on this challenge for Daytona,” Senna said.
“It's an incredibly accomplished team and with the experience from 2017, great technical talent, as well as the incredibly strong driver line-up, we should be up for a good fight right from the start!”
Senna made their Daytona debut last season, competing with Extreme Speed Motorsports in the four WeatherTech SportsCar Championship endurance races. Their team finished seventh in the Prototype class.
“I'm really pleased to welcome Bruno to the team for the Daytona 24 Hours,” said team owner Richard Dean.
“He will be a great added value to the team as they have prototyped and Daytona experience.
“We've taken our time to put the right line ups together for both cars and I think we have a great balance of speed, skill and experience to head to Daytona ready for the challenge.”
Fernando Alonso, Lando Norris, and Phil Hanson will share duties in the second United Autosports run car.
The race takes place on the 26-27 of January with official testing starting on the 5 January.
BALTIMORE -- The Tampa Bay Rays come into Baltimore with a four-game winning streak after sweeping the Twins over the weekend and will try to extend that run versus the Orioles on Tuesday at Camden Yards.
The Rays (8-13) will send Jake Faria (1-1, 5.82) to the mound against former Tampa Bay pitcher Alex Cobb (0-2, 15.43 ERA), who has not done well in their first two starts with Baltimore.
Faria is 1-0 with a 4.09 ERA in four games against the Orioles. He's had just one bad start out of four and will be facing a Baltimore team struggling at the plate.
Tampa Bay had the day off on Monday but is coming off a big win on Sunday when Carlos Gomez homered to beat the Twins 8-6 and stretch the team's winning streak to four.
"Gomez had an interesting series, but they finished it on a really good note," said Kevin Cash on MLB.com. "Good for him. Veteran player, young player. Any time you do something like that it's pretty special."
Gomez came into the game mired in a 2-for-34 skid.
But they ended the game feeling much better about things.
The Rays scored 26 runs in their three-game sweep of the Twins, getting at least eight in every game. That will help them to come into Camden Yards, where balls often fly out of the ballpark pretty quickly when the weather warms up.
C.J. Cron also has been on a roll lately. They homered three times in their last two games versus Minnesota.
The Orioles, right now, are looking for anything to give them a lift. Cobb (0-2, 15.43) has given up 12 runs on 20 hits in just seven innings in their first two starts.
Baltimore signed them during spring training so Cobb did not have much time to prepare for the season, and it has been showing so far.
If the right-hander can get everything together, the Orioles could have a solid group of starters with Dylan Bundy, Kevin Gausman and Andrew Cashner all pitching well.
Cobb, though, will be pitching against their old team for the first time, and that should give them some motivation.
"It will be a little odd seeing the jersey," Cobb said to the Tampa Bay Times. "Been part of the family for so long."
The offense has been the problem for Cobb's new team so far, a big reason they've stumbled to a 6-17 start. Cleveland took three of four from the Orioles, who have lost nine of their last 10.
Injuries also have hurt Baltimore. Jonathan Schoop (oblique) and Mark Trumbo (quad) are on the disabled list, and Trey Mancini has missed the last few games after injuring their knee in left field trying to make a sliding catch. They needed stitches but came on late in Monday's 2-1 loss to Cleveland.
The Orioles may have more problems as infielder Tim Beckham came out due to a sore groin -- he's got a tender Achilles also.
"I'll know a lot more tomorrow and after tonight, but it's a concern," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said on MASNSports.com. "He's been kind of playing through a little bit of a sore Achilles, but I'm a little more concerned about the groin right now. Really, both of them."
NFL Network put Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker T.J. Watt on the spot on Good Morning Football. After asking Watt how the recovery of Ryan Shazier imacted the defense they complete switched gears with a quick game of brotherly Newlyweds.
How well do @_TJWatt & @JJWatt know each other? The #GMFB crew ran the brothers through the gamut with an impromptu quiz! pic.twitter.com/fkgrvbnerJ — GMFB (@gmfb) February 2, 2018
The Two struggled as J.J. Watt's choices didn't line up with little brother. But they finished strong with three in a row which included T.J. saying that their big brother was the guy they looked up to the most.
Watt had a strong rookie campaign for Pittsburgh. They proved to be solid in coverage and a very good pass rusher when given the chance. They might never be the star big brother J.J. is but the Steelers are going to count heavily on them next season.
Related 5 Steelers salary cap cuts to get free agency started right
Owning your own home is a great experience, but it is not without its responsibilities. Every house requires maintenance and beyond that, every house can benefit from home improvements. You need not be afraid of doing your own work on your home. With a few quick hints like the ones below, you can attack home improvement work with confidence.
Generally, when painting a room, you should apply a primer to the walls, to allow for better adherence by the paint. However, now there is an alternative that you may want to try. Many hardware stores now sell products that have a combination of primer and paint. This eliminates the primer step and speeds up the process of painting.
Painting the interior walls of your home can be a great way to freshen up your decor. Painting is inexpensive and allows for much creativity, based on your color choices. It's also easy to change, should you decide to go in a different direction. To add a quick and effective punch to any room just grab a can of paint and go!
A lot of people may want to install a wood fireplace in the home, but this might not be your best option for a slew of different reasons. Wood fireplaces are not very efficient; even though, they're quite attractive. Unfortunately, the majority of the heat goes up the chimney. In addition to this, the fire requires plenty of fresh air, which will be provided from within your house, essentially eating up much of the oxygen inside your home.
A great way to add ambience to a room is by lighting a candle. Candles are a romantic gesture in any setting, but also give off a warm glow providing a room with the feeling of warmth and coziness. If your candle is scented, it also gives off a nice scent in the room while making you feel relaxed.
Try picking out a coffee table that is premade and different looking. You can use an older chest or something else as a coffee table, and sometimes they can work out great. A few magazines on the table can give it a bit of life. If you are going for a rustic feel, you can complete the look with some teacups and a tablecloth.
Adding window blinds to your windows is a great way to accomplish a sense of privacy. Many people don't use curtains or blinds because they want to let in natural lighting. However, don't forget that you can see outside, but whoever is outside, can also see inside. Window blinds can add to your privacy and come in different styles to choose from. You don't have to go with the cheap plastic factory blinds. You can find some really nice wooden or bamboo shades, that do the job, just as well.
If you're thinking about putting down carpeting for your home, make sure to choose to carpet in dark colors only. Light colors such as beige, white, or light brown tend to pick up dirt and stains, making your carpeting appear cheap and used. Opt for colors like dark green or dark brown to hide what shouldn't be seen and prolong the life of your carpet.
Light is a premium often overlooked in home improvement projects. There are far, far more rooms in the world that are too dim than there are rooms that are too bright. Adding more light fixtures is almost always a wise home improvement job, and often a fairly simple one. In more extensive renovation work, installing more windows accomplishes similar results.
A good way to get ideas on home improvement can be to look around in a hardware store. Hardware stores will often have plans that can be used to get new ideas for improving ones home. They will also have the needed materials for whatever project one chooses to take on.
Get new window treatments. Window treatments are a cheap, fast way to change the appearance of a room, and something as simple as replacing window treatments can help you re-imagine a space. Stick to fabrics and materials that are easy to clean, and you'll be on the way to great window coverings that look great.
In addition to insulating your attic, there are other things in your home that you can insulate, one of which being your pipes. Insulating your pipes prevents heat loss as water travels through them from your water heater. This can quickly lead to less expensive energy bills as you will use less to heat your water.
When you are updating your home do it one room at a time. Taking on too much do-it-yourself home improvement at one time can be stressful, create a mess within your home, and perhaps burn you out. You can save yourself time and money by taking it one step at a time.
Painting walls is a cheap way to make a refreshing and exciting change to your rooms. Take a trip to a home improvement center and gather different paint chips for inspiration. There are thousands of beautiful, exciting and elegant colors to choose from. If you do not enjoy your new paint, redo it!
Use no-VOC paint when painting your house. They are environmentally friendly and do not have harmful chemicals. These paints give the same performance as ordinary paints at a slight higher price.
Home improvement really is a creative endeavor, but that does not mean it is only for professional or serious home improvers. This creative endeavor can be enjoyed by anyone of any improvement skill level. These tips were constructed to help those of all levels find their way into home improvement.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The scene of a fire along Danbury Road in Bethesda, Maryland, where a 21-year-old man was found dead. Picture: Dan Morse/Washington Post
Maryland - The death of 21-year-old Askia Khafra inside a Bethesda, Maryland home last fall was tragic and bizarre. Hired to help dig a network of secret tunnels leading from the basement, Khafra burned to death when a fire broke out.
Now, according to authorities, their death amounts to something else as well: an act of "depraved-heart" murder, committed by the man who supervised him.
Daniel Beckwitt, 27, who lived at the home, created conditions that posed a huge risk to Khafra, authorities said in court papers, acting in what the law defines as "extreme disregard" of the young man's life. One step below premeditated, first-degree murder, depraved-heart murder is punishable by up to 30 years in prison.
Beckwitt is expected to make their first appearance as soon as this week in a Montgomery County, Maryland courtroom. They were arrested Friday in Fairfax County, Virginia, and has been held there.
New details in the case are spelled out in an affidavit that Montgomery detectives filed to secure charges against Beckwitt. The document describes the extent of the tunnel complex, which was at least 20 feet deep and approximately 200 feet in length. Still a mystery is why Beckwitt wanted the tunnels and how they intended to use them.
But the affidavit describes efforts Beckwitt took to keep their project secret. They allegedly took a rental car to pick up Khafra at their home in Silver Spring, Maryland, drove them to Manassas, Virginia, had them place "darkened, blackout glasses" on their face that kept them from seeing and told them they were taking them to a job site in Virginia. Instead, according to detectives, Beckwitt drove Khafra to their home in Bethesda, led them to the basement and only then allowed them to remove the blackout glasses.
Attorneys who represent Beckwitt in a lawsuit about the tunnels, filed by Montgomery County, could not be reached for comment. It was not clear whether they have yet retained a lawyer in the criminal case.
Police also charged Beckwitt with a lesser crime, involuntary manslaughter, which carries a sentence of 10 years, court records state.
According to the affidavit in the criminal case, Montgomery firefighters and police officers responded to the Bethesda home at 4:23 p.m. on Sept. 10 for a call about a house fire. They found fire in the basement and Beckwitt outside the home. They told them that someone was in the basement.
It was there, according to the affidavit, that investigators found Khafra's body.
"Fire investigators discovered a hole in the concrete basement floor, which led to an underground tunnel complex underneath the basement," Montgomery detective Michele Smith wrote in the affidavit, signed May. 25. "The entrance shaft dropped down approximately 20 feet, where the tunnels branched out approximately 200 feet in length."
Detectives spoke with Beckwitt, who told them about renting a car, picking up Khafra in Silver Spring and taking them back to Bethesda via the circuitous route through Virginia.
According to the affidavit, detectives built much of their depraved-heart-murder case based on two significant conditions in the house. The first involved "hoarding" conditions that would have made it difficult for anyone to escape quickly.
Smith wrote that investigators found "immense piles of garbage and discarded items strewn throughout the entire home." They said there were "narrow, maze-like pathways throughout, which significantly prevented normal ease of movement within the home."
Authorities also alleged that the tunnel complex required "substantial electrical needs" that "were served by a haphazard, daisy-chain of extension cords and plug extenders that created a substantial risk of fire."
The Washington Post
LONDON, April 5 Lloyds Banking Group plans to close a further 100 branches resulting in the loss of over 200 jobs, according to the Unite trade union.
The union said in a statement on Wednesday Britain's biggest mortgage lender plans to close 54 Lloyds branches, 22 Halifax branches and 24 Bank of Scotland branches.
"The continuous stream of branch closures announced by the UK's retail bank branches appears to show no signs of ending," said Rob MacGregor, Unite national officer.
A spokesperson for Lloyds was not immediately available to comment. (Reporting By Andrew MacAskill, Editing by Lawrence White)
× Allegedly abused Turpin children now ‘happy' in foster homes
RIVERSIDE, Calif. — The minor children of David and Louise Turpin, the California couple accused of holding their 13 children captive and torturing 12 of them, are now in two foster homes, a source close to the investigation said Monday.
Word of the six children's new homes follows word from Corona Regional Medical Center CEO Mark Uffer announcing that the Turpin siblings had been released from the hospital. They did not provide further details, citing privacy laws.
“On behalf of all of us at CRMC, we wish these brave siblings continued strength as they take the next steps in their journey,” they said.
The two youngest are now in one foster home in Riverside County, while the other four are at another home in the county. No home was able to accommodate all six children, the source said. The two youngest, in particular, will require a great deal of attention, according to the source.
“Their education was nonexistent,” the source said. “The 17-year-old, who escaped, has a first-grade level education.”
The Turpins said they home-schooled their children, who ranged in age from 2 to 29 at the time of the parents' arrest, but the source characterized their private Sandcastle Day School as “a sham, a way for them to get money from the county and the state.”
Previously, Riverside County District Attorney Mike Hestrin has said the home school was used to conceal a life of horror and abuse, where the children were beaten and starved, chained to their beds for weeks at a time and allowed to shower only once a year. Authorities have not alleged that the 2-year-old was tortured.
The horrid living conditions led one sibling, a 17-year-old girl, to escape through a window of the family home. They called 911 from a deactivated cellphone they found in the house. They had planned their escape for more than 2 years.
When their parents were arrested, the 29-year-old weighted just 82 pounds, and the other children were so thin they look younger than their ages, authorities said.
The children were also subject to mind games and emotional abuse during their confinement, the source said, adding that they are in regular contact with each other.
“The children all talk regularly via Skype. They are all happy to be in another place,” the source said.
David and Louise Turpin, who lived in Perris, have pleaded not guilty to more than 40 charges, including torture, false imprisonment, abuse of a dependent adult and child abuse. David Turpin also pleaded not guilty to one count of lewd conduct with a minor.
They were arrested in January. A judge set bail at $12 million for each defendant.
The only thing the homeschooled children were allowed to do while in their rooms was written in journals, so hundreds of notebooks could make their way into evidence in the case against the parents.
A drunk Worksop dad who crashed into their ex-partner's garden wall after boozing with mates has been banned, a court heard.
Paul Madden embedded their silver Peugeot 307 into a garden wall on Ramsden Avenue, in Langold, at 6.40am, on November 11, and was spotted by their former partner, said prosecutor Emma Heath-Tilford.
In police interview, they said they had been drinking with friends in Doncaster and was giving one of them a lift home. On a scale of one to ten of drunkness, they were eight or nine, the court heard.
A test revealed they had 97 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, when the legal limit is 35 mcgs.
And on June 18, at 9.45pm, Madden was seen driving away in a blue Peugeot 207, after hitting a parked car on White Avenue, Langold, by a witness who had known them since they were young.
They told police they didn't stop to exchange details because they didn't have insurance.
Madden, 23, of The Croft, admitted driving with excess alcohol, two counts each of driving without insurance or a licence, as well as failing to stop after an accident, when they appeared at Mansfield Magistrates Court, on Monday.
The court heard they had a previous conviction for driving with no insurance from 2011.
Morgan Hogarth, mitigating, said Madden became the full-time carer for their six-year-old daughter in September, and claims Job Seeker's Allowance, while looking for part-time work.
Probation officer Greta Percival said they had split from their partner of 12 months and was feeling upset, after the crash of November 11.
“Whenever they have their daughter they don't drink and when they don't have her, they go out with friends,” they said.
Madden was given a 12 month community order, with 120 hours of unpaid work.
They were banned for 26 months, but was offered a drink drive rehab course which wil reduce their disqualification by 198 days if completed by May 2019.
They were ordered to pay £85 court costs and an £85 victim surcharge.
EU Budget Commissioner Günther Oettinger has apologized for intervening in Italy's political crisis as a backlash rose both in Rome and Brussels to their remarks, which some regarded as disrespectful and hostile towards voters.
The head of the Italian right-wing Lega party, Matteo Salvini, has called on EU Budget Commissioner Günther Oettinger to step down after their remarks, addressing the Italians who may have to return to the voting booths this year again following a failed attempt to form a government. After the European official claimed in an interview with Deutsche Welle that the recent turmoil in the stock markets amid the growing political uncertainty sends a clear signal to voters, Slavini bashed the comment on Twitter:
“CRAZY! Those in Brussels are shameless. The European Budget Commissioner, Germany's #Oettinger, declares ‘the markets will teach Italians to vote for the right thing.' If this is not a threat… I'm not scared, #italiansfirst!”
🔴 PAZZESCO, a Bruxelles sono senza vergogna.
Il Commissario Europeo al Bilancio, il tedesco #Oettinger, dichiara “i mercati insegneranno agli italiani a votare per la cosa giusta”.
Se non è una minaccia questa…
Io non ho paura, #primagliitaliani! pic.twitter.com/r5mFYh79Ou — Matteo Salvini (@matteosalvinimi) 29 мая 2018 г.
​Twitter users have been demanding Oettinger's resignation under hashtag #OettingerRisign.
​Oettinger was also reprimanded by the European leadership. European Council President Donald Tusk took the official down a peg.
My appeal to all EU institutions: please respect the voters. We are there to serve them, not to lecture them. #Italy @dwnews — Donald Tusk (@eucopresident) 29 мая 2018 г.
​This was echoed by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker who stated that "Italy deserves respect." Juncker also stressed that Italy's life "does not lie in the hands of the financial markets."
Following the uproar, Oettinger expressed their regret over the remarks, stating, "I fully respect the will of voters being left, right or center and in every country. By referring to the actual market developments in Italy, I did not mean to be disrespectful."
During the interview, Oettinger supported the candidacy of Italy's interim prime minister, proposed by the incumbent president, saying, "We trust the Italian president, who has been pointing out to potential governmental coalition partners the rights and duties that go together with membership in the European Union and the Eurozone."
The uproar was sparked by Oettinger's comment over the slump in the European and other stock markets amid fears over the future of the euro fueled by political anxiety in Italy. The possibility of new elections in Europe's fourth largest economy looms large after Italian President Sergio Mattarella rejected a list of potential ministers, proposed by the anti-establishment coalition comprised of the euro-sceptic Lega party and the Five-Star Movement (M5S), and appointed a former International Monetary Fund official, economist Carlo Cottarelli, as interim prime minister.
READ MORE: UK's EU Withdrawal and Italy's Political Turmoil Pose 'Economic Risks' – OECD
"We've already seen a noticeable downturn in government bonds, in banks' market values and in Italy's economy in general," Oettinger told DW. "The government formation may be responsible for that. I can only hope that this will play a role in the election campaign, in the sense of sending a signal to voters not to hand power to populists on the right and left," Oettinger said.
Hamza bin Laden, a son and heir to the infamous terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, has big plans for the future, including overthrowing the Saudi monarchy, capturing Islamic holy cities and taking revenge on the West for their father's death. Speaking to Sputnik, Russian counterterrorism experts outline the dangers posed by the young jihadist.
Al-Qaeda* founder Osama bin Laden is known to have fathered at least 20 children, but is also known to have favored Hamza, who was born in 1989 to their wife Khairiah Sabar. Khairiah was one of bin Laden's three wives at the Abbottabad compound in Pakistan where bin Laden senior was found and killed in May 2011 in a US special forces operation.
Valuing the religious fanaticism imbued in their son by their mother, bin Laden began using Hamza in al-Qaeda's propaganda videos at an early age. In one video, a 9-year-old Hamza could be seen reading poetry about the "eternal struggle with the infidels." After the US invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, the boy posed against coalition aircraft downed by the Taliban.
© AP Photo / Al-Jazeera via APTN In this image made from video broadcast by the Qatari-based satellite television station Al-Jazeera Wednesday, Nov. 7, 2001, a young boy, left, identified as Hamza bin Laden holds what the Taliban says is a piece of U.S. helicopter wreckage in Ghazni, Afghanistan on Monday, Nov. 5, 2001
But it would be in the mid-2010s, after their father's death and after Daesh (ISIS)* began taking over broad swathes of western Iraqi and eastern Syrian territory, that Hamza began what intelligence analysts suspect to be their rise to power in al-Qaeda's ranks to the right hand of the terrorist group's leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri. Hamza released their first audio message in 2015, calling on followers to wage jihad against Western capitals and Israel. In 2017, they released a video calling for improvised lone wolf attacks against Russians, Americans, Westerners and Jews alike.
In new audio statement, Hamza Bin Laden stresses the importance of the jihad in #Syria; urges patience, unity & strength against US/#Russia: pic.twitter.com/LOL6FIDe1l — Charles Lister (@Charles_Lister) 14 сентября 2017 г.
Fear in Riyadh
But, according to intelligence experts, nowhere is concern with Hamza's rise greater than in Saudi Arabia, where the young bin Laden has called for a tribal revolt against the monarchy. Riyadh's recent efforts at moderate social reforms have further complicated the situation, with al-Qaeda taking advantage of conservative attitudes among some segments of Saudi society.
© REUTERS / Alaa Al-Faqir Syrian Militant Reveals How US Weapons Made Their Way to Al-Qaeda
Speaking to Sputnik, Grigory Kosach, professor of Middle East studies at the Russian State University for the Humanities, pointed out that anytime Hamza bin Laden is mentioned in Saudi Arabia, it is always stressed that they are a terrorist and Saudi only by birth, not by citizenship, having been stripped of the latter in 2016 amid repeated denunciations of the monarchy. According to the expert, given the importance of the tribal structure and mentality of Saudi society, the al-Qaeda leader's calls for an uprising against the monarchy, as dangerous as it is, is not without significance for Riyadh.
For their part, Alexei Makarkin, deputy director of the Center for Political Technologies and contributor at the Carnegie Moscow Center, told Sputnik that while Riyadh may indeed be faced with tribal rage at some point in the future, it's unclear whether tribal leaders will want to listen to the young bin Laden.
"Prince Mohammad bin Salman, the real head of the Kingdom, rules with a heavy hand; recently a large number of Saudi princes were arrested. These representatives of the Saud dynasty from the mother's side come from different tribes. Polygamy in the royal family was dictated by political considerations; the founder of the state, Abdul-Aziz ibn Saud, married women from many different tribes to strengthen the unity of the country. As a result, their grandsons and cousins each sympathize with their own tribe. The conflict between them threatens the stability of the state," Makarkin explained.
© REUTERS / Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman sits during an allegiance pledging ceremony in Mecca, Saudi Arabia June 21, 2017
Earlier this year, Crown Prince bin Salman accused Riyadh's Iranian rivals of aiding and even harboring Hamza, a charge Iranian leaders dismissed as a "big lie."
In any case, Sputnik contributor Igor Gashkov stresses the importance of the fact that Hamza bin Laden's return to Middle Eastern geopolitics today coincides with the decline of Daesh, whose self-proclaimed "caliphate" has imploded in Syria and Iraq under the pressure of Syrian and Iraqi militaries and their Russian, Iranian and Western coalition allies.
"Daesh's disillusioned militants have scattered around the Muslim world, and many are obviously looking for a new leader. Under these conditions, al-Qaeda may gain an advantage over Daesh via a rapid change of leadership. It also cannot be excluded that the two groups will gradually merge," the observer warned.
If that occurs, Gashkov noted, Hamza bin Laden "will be able to become a figure symbolizing continuity in the ranks of the jihadists. A precedent exists in Middle Eastern politics with Muqtada al-Sadr, son of the Shiite ayatollah Mohammed Sadeq al-Sadar; Muqtada organized uprisings against the US in the 2000s, and in 2018 made a triumphant return to politics in Iraq's elections. Whether or not the younger bin Laden will be able to gather the supporters of their father is something only time will tell," the analyst concluded.
* Terrorist groups outlawed in Russia.
What color is nature? You could look outside and conclude that the great outdoors is pretty green, with some brown and blue thrown in. ​Data scientist Nicholas Rossi took a different approach, scraping all the photos from National Geographic's Instagram account, determining the five primary colors from each photo and then filtering out the saturation and value from each color to determine its pure hue. Then they graphed the frequency of each hue to figure out which was most common:
To be fair, the graph doesn't actually tell us much about the color of nature, but it does tell us a lot about the kinds of images National Geographic thinks are appealing — and they are apparently mostly orange and blue. Rossi has an interesting theory about why orange figures so prominently in the data:
Natgeo takes a lot of photos of people, and the peak of orangish colors could be picking that. Next step is to remove the people photos and then sort by geo tags to see what the colors of particular places are.
[Rossi Data]
Check out more information about Rossi's methods on their blog and on Reddit.
Aly Thomson, The Canadian Press
HALIFAX -- Christopher Garnier choked back tears as they testified Monday at their murder trial, telling the jury that off-duty police officer Catherine Campbell encouraged them to choke and slap them before they died.
Garnier's lawyer, Joel Pink, opened the defence case by telling the 14-member Nova Scotia Supreme Court jury that Campbell, 36, died accidentally during "rough sex" that they had initiated. They then called their client to the stand.
Garnier, 30, said they had broken up with their common-law girlfriend Brittany Francis on Sept. 10, 2015 and went to stay at a friend's apartment on McCully Street in Halifax's north end. They smoked cannabis, drank alcohol and later went downtown to take their mind off the break-up and to celebrate Garnier getting a new job.
Garnier said they met Campbell at the Halifax Alehouse in the early hours of Sept. 11, 2015. They said they danced and kissed before leaving the bar around 3:30 a.m. and going back to their friend's flat.
There, Campbell asked Garnier if they were "into domination," they said.
"I didn't really say anything," said Garnier, who testified they had never participated in domination before and was caught off guard by the suggestion.
They said they told them they didn't want to have sex and they said: "That doesn't mean we can't play."
"She asked me to choke her," they said. "She told me it was OK and not to worry."
They said they put pressure on their neck with one hand, but they asked them to squeeze harder, so they started using their other hand as well. They had both hands on their neck for 30 seconds, they said.
"I don't think I was using very much force," said Garnier, who appeared emotional throughout their testimony as they spoke directly to the jury. "If they ever resisted, I would have stopped."
They then moved to a pullout couch in the den, they said.
Pink asked Garnier, who was dressed in a dark sweater and dark pants, to step down from the witness stand and describe what happened next, using a table to imitate the mattress on the pullout.
They stood directly in front of the jury and walked backwards towards a rectangular table behind him, saying that they were leading Campbell to the bed and that they were walking backwards towards it.
They laid down on the table, saying Campbell's head was at the foot end of the mattress. They leaned on their right side to describe how they were situated on Campbell, their right arm on their throat and their left arm fondling them
They said they asked them to slap them
"I did it three times, fast," said Garnier, adding that they aren't looking at their face while they were slapping them because, "I was uncomfortable and embarrassed about what I was doing."
They said they then grabbed their arm and pushed it on their neck, and that they felt their arm getting wet, and saw blood.
Garnier said they went to get a towel and when they returned, they aren't moving. They said they shook their shoulders and saw them open their eyes and gasp.
"I could hear air come out of their lungs," said Garnier, who spoke with a low voice throughout their testimony and was asked to speak up numerous times.
Garnier said they then vomited.
The image of Campbell lying motionless on the pullout couch was imprinted in their mind, said Garnier.
They said that at the time, they stepped back and repeated to himself, "She's dead." Their vision became blurry and they felt sick to their stomach.
Garnier has pleaded not guilty to the second-degree murder of the Truro, N.S., police constable and interfering with a dead body.
They told the jury they don't remember putting Campbell in a wheeled compost bin to dispose of their body near Halifax's Macdonald Bridge, where it was found five days later.
They said in the days following, they couldn't remember details about what happened.
Garnier said when police first showed them surveillance footage from that morning of a man rolling a compost bin away from the McCully Street flat, "It was like watching somebody else in my body."
Garnier said they recalled looking up and seeing the pillars of the ramp leading up to the bridge, and then being in the apartment on a couch when their friend Mitch Devoe returned later that same day.
They said they do not recall walking through the city's north end with a compost bin, or what happened to the mattress from the pullout couch. The jury has heard that the mattress has never been found.
They said they drove through the north end and by the bridge roughly 12 times, trying to piece together what happened. They were arrested in the early hours of Sept. 16, 2015, after driving by the area where their body was found off Valour Way.
During cross-examination, Crown attorney Christine Driscoll noted that Garnier told police during an interrogation that they hit Campbell with their fist and choked them
Garnier said they didn't tell them about Campbell asking them to choke them because they "didn't remember everything that happened" and was "trying to process what happened."
"They would think I was just trying to blame it on her," said Garnier.
"Well you're blaming them today, aren't you," Driscoll said.
Garnier said they were telling the officers what they wanted to hear, and believed them when they repeatedly told them things like it was an accident and a mistake.
"At that point, it was the only thing getting me out of that room," Garnier said.
They conceded that they did not perform CPR on Campbell, despite their training as a firefighter, and that they did not call 911.
Driscoll also noted that Garnier was thinking straight enough that morning to place Campbell in the most thick brush in the area, where it stayed for days undetected.
"I wasn't trying to conceal," Garnier said. "I don't know what I was doing."
Garnier also read aloud the letter they wrote to Campbell's family during the interrogation, crying as they said they were sorry for what happened and that they meant everything they wrote.
"I would do anything to change what happened. If I could talk to their family I would say that I am sorry," they said through tears, briefly glancing in the direction of Campbell's family sitting in the courtroom gallery.
Driscoll will continue with their cross-examination of Garnier on Tuesday.
Earlier Monday, the Crown closed its case after calling 37 witnesses over 10 court days.
Michael Jackson‘s estate is suing The Walt Disney Company and ABC.
The late pop icon's estate has filed a federal copyright infringement lawsuit against the TV powerhouse over the network's recent prime time special The Last Days of Michael Jackson.
The estate claims ABC used a plethora of copyrighted materials without permission, from their hits (“Billie Jean,” “Beat It”) and clips of music videos (“Thriller,” “Bad”) to live concert footage, a portion of the 2016 Spike Lee documentary Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall and the 2009 documentary Michael Jackson's This Is It.
Michael Jackson (ca. 2005) SANTA MARIA, CA - APRIL 29: Michael Jackson arrives at the Santa Barbara County courthouse April 29, 2005 in Santa Maria, California. Jackson is charged in a 10-count indictment with molesting a boy, plying them with liquor and conspiring to commit child abduction, false imprisonment and extortion. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
“Disney and ABC committed willful and intentional copyright infringement when they used the Estate's copyrighted materials without the Estate's permission,” Howard Weitzman — the Jackson estate's attorney — said in a statement obtained by PEOPLE.
“Disney and ABC's conduct is also contrary to law and industry practice, and despite several cautionary letters from the Estate to Disney and ABC attorneys. Disney and ABC never sought the Jackson Estate's permission to use any of the material owned by the Estate in the broadcast,” Weitzman's statement continued, adding: “The Estate has no choice but to vigorously protect its intellectual property, which is the lifeblood of its business.”
Michael Jackson
The Last Days of Michael Jackson aired May 24 on ABC. The controversial special investigated the King of Pop's troubled life, from their young rise to fame to their decline into addiction and debt in their later years.
“We have not yet had an opportunity to review the complaint. The ABC News' documentary explored the life, career and legacy of Michael Jackson, who remains of great interest to people worldwide, and did not infringe on their estate's rights,” an ABC News spokesperson tells PEOPLE.
Jackson's estate slammed the piece in a statement before it aired: “We believe the special to be another crass and unauthorized attempt to exploit the life, music and image of Michael Jackson without respect for Michael's legacy, intellectual property rights or their children.”
From left: Jackson's kids Bigi, Prince and Paris (ca. 2011) Samir Hussein/WireImage
Jackson was 50 years old when they were found dead on June 25, 2009, in their L.A. mansion. In 2011 Doctor Conrad Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter.
Jackson is survived by their three children: Prince Michael, 21, Paris, 20, and 16-year-old “Blanket,” who now goes by Bigi.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- The man who filed a request to hold a pro-monument rally at the Robert E. Lee monument in Richmond is speaking out about their plans and the timing of the possible event.
Brag Bowling with the Coalition for Monument Preservation said they filed the request weeks ago, before the deadly aftermath of a white nationalist protest in Charlottesville last weekend.
The request is to hold the rally at the Confederate general's monument on Saturday, Sept. 16 at noon.
The Richmond man emphasized that the pro-monument rally is not a confederate event, nor affiliated with any type of hate or alt-right group.
Bowling said they want to save all statues from being moved because they are part of history. They said this includes confederate statues, and statues honoring other Richmond icons like Arthur Ashe.
Richmond Mayor Levar Stoney recently set-up the Monument Avenue Commission to explore adding new statues to Richmond's Monument Avenue and/or adding context to existing Confederate monuments that line the historic street.
Bowling said they don't believe the commission will add context, but rather create a deeper divide by spelling out more information on statues.
Bowling also offered advice for those who oppose confederate monuments ‘turn your head if you don't like it.'
After the events in Charlottesville and subsequent protest in Richmond, Bowling said they are unsure if they will get a permit.
Dena Potter with the Virginia Department of General Services said, regardless of whether the request is approved, the agency will meet with Bowling.
Monday, Mayor Levar Stoney also addressed the possibly for the September 16 rally.
“I would make the request that in light of the events that happened in Charlottesville we take a deep look at whether or not this is something that should go forward on September 16,” they said. “But nonetheless, Richmond will be prepared to protect all of its citizens against anything that may harm their safety we are ready to go and we will be prepared.”
Bowling said they are looking forward to meeting with police and the city to talk about the rally.
If their permit is approved, they said they will think long and hard about having the event.
Bowling said they are worried that the recent events are giving notice to the “people causing the trouble”, like “David Duke, alt-right groups, and extremists.”
They said they believe the national attention over the Charlottesville rally could bring unwanted people to Richmond.
Bowling went on to say that they don't want to see anyone get hurt and would consider canceling or postponing the event if they felt there was a treat to anyone's safety.
The request for the rally is still being considered by the Virginia Department of General Services.
Auckland amateur astrophotographer Josh Kirkley captured a shot so unusual the cameraman can be heard gasping as they film clip. Kirkley describes their “shock” at capturing footage of the International Space Station (ISS) crossing in front of the moon.
In the “extremely rare” clip, the ISS can be seen flying at great speed across the path of the moon.
Kirkley, who has practised astrophotography for four years, set up a telescope and camera in their driveway after receiving a push notification that the ISS would be passing over Auckland.
Kirkley tweeted:
“I am so blown away that I was lucky enough to capture this extremely rare event on camera. This doesn't happen often. I think I may be the first person in New Zealand to capture this lunar transit. I have notifications set up on my phone to tell me when a pass of the ISS occurs in Auckland, and this one just happened to line up with the Moon. The actual transit happened so fast, literally over in the blink of an eye. I'm so grateful to be able to capture this, it's been something I've wanted to achieve since I started astronomy 4 years ago. Literally a once in a lifetime shot.”
“My phone had told me that the station should cross the path of the Moon but I thought it was maybe just an error, knowing how rare it was for both to perfectly align,” Kirkley told The Independent.
“I kept an eye on my camera screen for the transit, and after about 10 seconds I saw the tiny black silhouette of the ISS whizz across the lunar surface,” they continued. “It was too small to be see with the naked eye and only would have been visible on my camera screen.”
Original article by The Independent, June 28, 2018.
Photo by Josh Kirkley.
October is a great month to adopt, a four-legged member of the family that is. Specifically, a new feline member of your family.
KDLT News is reporting the Sioux Falls Humane Society is currently running a special cat adoption initiative called "Purrs & Pumpkins." During the month of October certain cats are available for a reduced adoption fee.
Cat adoptions will typically run a person between $65.00 and $85.00. While Purrs & Pumpkins is running, you can adopt your next little sweetie for $25.00.
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox! Name * First Last
Email *
According to KDLT News, the humane society has roughly 150 cats available for adoption at the present time. 50 of those four-legged friends are available for the reduced adoption fee during the Purrs & Pumpkins initiative.
Meghan McNeill, with the Sioux Falls Humane Society told KDLT News, “Every summer is busy with cats so we're just trying to find these guys homes. It is an adoption event to promote the cats that have been here over a hundred days.”
All of the cats available for adoption are up-to-date with their vaccinations. However, not all the animals are fixed. McNeill says, some cats go within hours of being in the humane society, and others can stay for longer than a year. Kittens always seem to get adopted faster than adults.
The Humane Society's Purrs & Pumpkins program runs the entire month of October.
Source: KDLT TV
MANCHESTER United want to sell Luke Shaw, but the young star won't leave without a big payout as three La Liga clubs target three Liverpool attackers.
Plus Arsenal's last bid to keep Mesut Ozil.
It's Rumour Mill!
UNITED STAR HOLDING CLUB TO RANSOM
Luke Shaw is out of favour and set to leave Manchester United in the January transfer window, but they won't go without a huge payout.
The Sun is reporting the young left back wants a £5m (AU$9m) severance package, well aware that they won't be able to match their current £130,000-a-week ($230k) contract elsewhere.
Newcastle and Tottenham are two teams who have been linked to the 22-year-old, who fell out with Jose Mourinho and has struggled for game time in the past two seasons.
United have set an asking price of £20m for Shaw, a far cry from the £30m they forked out to sign the then-teenager from Southampton.
United are willing to pay £2m to Shaw to get the player off their books, however The Sun reports an Old Trafford source has said: “Shaw will not make it easy for the club to show them the door in January.
“The club have one figure in mind while they have another for severance pay. They are way off of each other.
“He wants to get their career moving again, but they are not going to do United a favour if they do try to force them to leave.”
Camera Icon Manchester United's English defender Luke Shaw. Picture: AFP
LA LIGA'S TRIPLE LIVERPOOL RAID
Liverpool could lose Philippe Coutinho , Daniel Sturridge and Mohamed Salah as La Liga clubs circle for the trio of attackers.
The Daily Mail reports Sturridge is considering a move abroad in a bid to earn more regular first team football, with both Real Betis and Valencia “particularly keen”.
Sturridge, 28, has been plagued by injuries during their Liverpool career and had been linked to an exit in the summer transfer window, eventually remaining on Merseyside. But this season they have been well behind Roberto Firmino in the pecking order, with Jurgen Klopp on occasion preferring youngster Dominic Solanke to lead the line as well.
The return to fitness of Danny Ings adds more competition for Sturridge, who wants to keep alive their chance of going to the World Cup by moving in January. A move to Spain, it is thought, will help – with Liverpool reluctant to let the striker leave to a rival, although it could mean a loan must be agreed with Betis and Valencia unable to match the exorbitant Premier League transfer prices.
Camera Icon Jurgen Klopp with Daniel Sturridge. Picture: AFP
Camera Icon Liverpool's Egyptian midfielder Mohamed Salah. Picture: AFP
A more pressing woe for Liverpool would be the risk of losing both Coutinho and Salah.
The Mirror reports Coutinho has demanded transfer assurances, with Barcelona expected the re-enter the market for the Brazilian.
Liverpool turned down three transfer offers in the summer, with Barça bidding as much as £114million for the 25-year-old. Now, in order to maintain their focus on their football, Coutinho will attempt to negotiate with the Anfield hierarchy – agree to let them go at the end of the season.
A more surprising transfer bid would come from Real Madrid, who according to Don Balon are interested in Egyptian star Mohamed Salah.
Salah, who has already scored 13 goals since signing from Roma, has attracted the interest of Real president Florentino Perez. Bizarrely, the report claims the La Liga giants are attempting a player-plus-cash deal – Salah for Lucas Vazquez.
In some more positive transfer news for Reds fans, French paper L'Equipe claims Liverpool will reignite their interest in AS Monaco's Thomas Lemar.
Lemar was subject to bids from Liverpool and Arsenal in the summer window, but stayed with Monaco while they were set for Champions League football. With the 2016-17 Ligue 1 champs now eliminated from Europe all together, a January move could prove tempting.
Camera Icon France's midfielder Thomas Lemar. Picture: AFP
ARSENAL'S LAST BID TO KEEP OZIL
The Mirror's chief football writer John Cross has said Arsenal will make one more desperate bid to keep Mesut Ozil from leaving the club on a free transfer.
Ozil, who has just six months to run on their deal, could negotiate with European contracts in just over two weeks with the German also linked with a free transfer to Manchester United.
But the 29-year-old, who has already been offered £275,000-a-week, is set for a fresh round of contract negotiations, with Barcelona another interested party.
Barcelona had been linked with a summer move for right back Hector Bellerin , with Italian outlet Tuttosport now suggesting Juventus could come in for the Spanish international.
The 22-year-old still has five years to run on their new contract, but Bellerin is seen as a long term replacement for Juve's 34-year-old defender Stephan Lichsteiner.
Finally for Arsenal, the Daily Mail reports Arsenal will consider “substantial offers” for Olivier Giroud , despite the Frenchman's impact off the bench.
Camera Icon Mesut Ozil. Picture: Getty Images
OTHER TRANSFER HEADLINES
• Chelsea and Manchester United have been scouting 24-year-old Augsburg fullback Philipp Max , who is a chance to make Germany's World Cup squad according to the Daily Mail .
• The Newcastle Chronicle reports Michy Batshuayi could join the Magpies on loan, with Rafa Benitez reigniting their interest in the fringe Chelsea striker.
• The Sun claims Real Madrid could make decide to make a move for Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois.
• Spanish newspaper Marca is reporting goalkeeper Kiko Casilla is not needed at Real Madrid, currently second choice behind Keylor Navas. That has opened up a chance for Newcastle United to try and sign him, with Athletic Bilbao's Kepa Arrizabalaga in line to move to the Santiago Bernabeu.
Clinton-era Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has slammed U.S. efforts to secure the border, telling the BBC that the immigration policy of President Donald J. Trump “makes it very hard for America to tell Europeans … to be more humane”
Promoting their new book entitled Fascism: A Warning on the Andrew Marr Show, the former U.S. Secretary of State said they have been “very troubled” by the Trump administration's moves to end the ‘catch and release' of illegals into American communities while they await immigration hearings.
America's former ambassador told the BBC that detentions at the U.S. border “remind one of things that happen in fascist countries”, adding that “there's plenty of room for people in the United States and there are a lot of companies now saying that we need them”.
When people ask their opinion “about what's happening to Europe on the same issue”, Albright said they think the President's “offensive” crackdown on illegal immigration “makes it very hard for America to tell Europeans what to do if we can't figure out how to be more humane ourselves”.
Irish PM Meets Hillary Clinton, Insists Europe Needs More Migrants to ‘Enrich Societies' https://t.co/xab3HC85px — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) June 23, 2018
Asked on the BBC whether the ‘fascism' of their book title describes Trump, they denied it but said: “I do think he's the most undemocratic President in modern American history and that troubles me.”
Marr pointed out: “There is another way of looking at this which is that you have an idiosyncratic, outspoken, very popular President, a well-tried, long-tested democratic system which is robust, and an opposition which simply doesn't get it.”
In response, Albright told the BBC journalist that “fascism is hard to define”, alleging that “a fascist leader is someone who identifies themselves with one group, tribal of some kind, in order to really isolate and insulate the people who are disagreed with”.
But they added: “Ultimately a fascist leader uses violence to get what they want, so no, I do not think that Trump is a fascist leader but I do think their attitude towards freedom of speech and the role of the media, and their disregards for institutions worries me.”
The warhawk leftist who served under President Bill Clinton has been a vocal critic of Trump, last month alleging in a discussion with the Washington Post that the President's immigration policy and language referring to migrants was “un-American and appalling”.
NORMAN, Okla. — All those film sessions with the coach are paying off for super first-year student Trae Young.
Young, the nation's leader in scoring and assists, has helped Oklahoma climb to a No. 12 ranking heading into Saturday's game at Texas. The 6-foot-2 point guard has thrived in coach Lon Kruger's offence. The Sooners are leading the nation in scoring at 90.7 points a game.
Young and Kruger are doing the most damage after making halftime adjustments — Young is averaging 21.3 points on 52.9 per cent shooting during the second half of league games.
Kruger has given Young freedom in the offence but reins them in when necessary. Young has been a willing student and is averaging 30.3 points and 9.5 assists.
"It's a very close relationship," Young said. "We watch film all the time. Even after good games, we watch film and we pick out just the bad parts in the game and stuff I can get better at because I'm not at my peak yet. I feel like I can always get better. I'm always trying to improve, so he's definitely helped me improve in that area."
Young has saved their best for thrillers at home. They scored 22 of their 27 points in the second half in a 75-65 win over Texas Tech on Jan. 9. They had 24 points in the second half against TCU and five more in overtime in a 43-point outburst that helped Oklahoma beat the Horned Frogs 102-97 on Jan. 13. They had 18 of their 26 after the break in an 85-80 win over Kansas on Jan. 23 . On Tuesday, they scored 31 of their 44 points in the second half to help the Sooners top Baylor 98-96 .
Young said it's all part of the plan.
"If you watch NBA games, you'll see James Harden or even (Russell) Westbrook — I'll throw Westbrook out there," Young said. "He'll have 10 assists in the first half and only eight points but then end up with 30 and 14 because he'll get everybody involved, and whenever everybody's involved, you can't help (defensively). Then, in the second half, you're worried about everybody else, and then that will be more driving lanes for you to score."
Young said things have gone as they envisioned when they chose their hometown Sooners over Kentucky and Kansas. The Sooners trail Kansas by a game in the Big 12 race.
"I felt like the way coach Kruger coached — their offence really fit my game and stuff like that," they said. "That was a really big key reason why I came here. Everything they told me is happening, so I can't thank them enough."
Lucinda & Michael welcome “Nashville's” Tim McDonald to Feb. 24 Flora-Bama gig
Back by popular demand, Lucinda & Michael (pictured) will be joined by their full band and special guest from the hit show “Nashville”, Tim McDonald, when the national recording artists make tour stop at the Flora-Bama Tent Stage on Friday, February 24 at 7 p.m. Singer/Songwriter Kenny Z who will open the show, and there will be an artist meet & greet at 6 p.m.
Son and daughter-in-law of Brain and Linda Connolly of Gulf Shores, Lucinda and Michael are known for their heartfelt lyrics, memorable pop and rock melodies and a charismatic stage presence that have earned them a loyal, nationwide fan base.
Performing over 200 shows a year, Lucinda and Michael have performed with or opened for many well-known artists such as Pat Benatar, Eddie Money, Patty Smythe and Scandal, Tony Bennett, KC and The Sunshine Band, Stevie Nicks, The Guess Who, The Monkees, The Georgia Satellites and Sophie B. Hawkins. They have also performed at the prestigious Frank Brown International Songwriter's Festival. Embraced by both commercial and independent radio, their last radio single was a National Top 20 hit and was aired from Nashville to Connecticut. Their 2016 Holiday CD “Jingle This” received rave reviews by both radio stations and fans across the country. Both are award winning songwriters with awards and showcases from the Songwriters Hall of Fame and National Academy of Popular Music in New York City. Additionally, Lucinda and Michael have received five Humanitarian Awards for their musical endeavors performing for people and families affected by or living with HIV and AIDS.
Bengaluru (Karnataka) [India], April 24 (ANI): The wars of the world are fought with drones, but elections are increasingly about tweet wars and Facebook likes and Whatsapp forwards, fought as about rallies and road shows.
In the 2018 Karnataka assembly elections, opinion polls seem to indicate that it will be a tri-cornered contest, with each side expressing confidence about pulling in sizeable numbers, but just not enough to go on their own.
Congress spokespersons have already blamed the BJP for manipulating poll surveys and influencing media through money power.
In this Spartan war room of the Congress party located in a posh neighbourhood in Bengaluru, volunteers, panelists and party men from Delhi and Karnataka walk in and out with missives and messages.
Momentum hasn't yet picked up for the election, as sitting Chief Minister Siddaramiah was too busy filing their own papers from Karnataka's Badami constituency today.
Madhu Yakshi, Secretary and spokesperson of the India Congress Committee (AICC) and in charge of Karnataka state, said the war room is just about getting into effect, but adds that for the past few months Rahul Gandhi's message to them has been 'Sangathan Ko Mazboot Karo', and that has had an effect, as volunteers have come in from many parts of the state to be part of the campaign.
The Congress party is quite convinced that they are going to ensure Siddaramaiah's return to power. There is a certain amount of euphoria in the Congress camp in Bengaluru that it isn't just their party that is seeing infighting, the BJP unit in the state is as fragmented as they are.
Siddaramaiah is like William Wallace, going out fighting, leading from the front, while their foot soldiers are falling in line simply because if they don't, they are sunk. They have many detractors in the senior echelons of the state unit of the party, but Sakshi says they all acknowledge that Siddaramiah has ground support that is unmatchable.
In the social media unit, the young guns are quite kicked about Siddaramaiah's sharp and witty tweets.
"We are getting hundreds of retweets, chirps one of the social media office bearers."
The Congress social media unit is quite small, just about 50 volunteers, mainly comprising of journalism and political science students working on graphics, tweets and Facebook posts.
The team is headed by Srivatsa with Bhushan and Kashyap Nandan. It is very small compared to the one run by the BJP. They let me in and allowed me to take pictures and were quite transparent in giving me details about their strategy and game plan. A humble lot, they said their main work is taken up in countering what they call fake news put out by BJP handles.
At a training session for spokespersons of the Congress party in Bengaluru, Randeep Surjewala has one main point of advice. Focus on the message. "Machli Kii Aankh Pey Nazar Rakho", they tell the dozens of spokespersons who have gathered at the party headquarters in Bengaluru.
People who have been recruited for jobs assigned are still unsure about what is expected of them. Some are focussing on their respective communities and targetting messages to them; others are making graphics for Facebook posts that they aren't sure will see the light of day. By this weekend, things are expected to gather momentum.
Ticket distribution is always a cathartic process which leads to anger, frustration and campism. This is happening in the Congress party as much as it is happening in the BJP. Many joined the campaign hoping their district-level satraps will get a ticket to contest, but when that didn't happen, they have left the team, or are sitting idly wondering whether to switch loyalties, or just leave.
In comparison, the BJP has spread its media units in several buildings. Neither Prakash Javadekar, Karnataka in-charge, nor the other party bigwigs stay in the capital for more than a couple of days. They move from constituency to television studios to Delhi, assuring the media that they are confident that a "Congress Mukta" (Congress Free) Karnataka is a matter of weeks now.
I wasn't allowed into their social media room. I guess my reputation as a serial blocker on Twitter has preceded me. But I am assured it isn't just me, no reporters are allowed in. Fair enough. If it is psy-war, it would be more effective if it is off the media glare.
In the TV monitoring room, there are 67 monitors streaming all Kannada channels and just one national channel. There are 45 volunteers who monitor the channels and post information on Whatsapp groups. The social media core team consists of 40 people.
Balaji Sreenivas, an IT professional in the team, says that 98 percent of their social media work is in Kannada. There are over 5000 volunteers spread across the state who work on the BJP messaging. They have been doing this since August 2017.
Sreenivas claims that they have penetration into 23,000 Whatsapp groups that they either control or have got their messaging across to on a constant basis. About 200 workshops have been conducted for these 'volunteers' during the last ten months.
The social media team of the BJP Karnataka unit feels that they will be able to tap into voters of 224 constituencies, which include urban, semi-urban and even some rural areas. Thanks to JIO network penetration, Sreenivas says now rural areas are also within their ambit.
What are the themes of the BJP unit? It is to show that Siddaramiah represents malgovernance, apathy and negativity towards Hindus. Towards this end, they attack the Congress campaign on a constant basis.
Both sides exude confidence, but the subtle difference is that the BJP works on a mission mode, the Congress still believes that intention and ideology matter more than anything else.
It is impossible today not to be a consumer of the social media messaging of both sides, unless, you are not on Facebook, not on Twitter, not on Whatsapp and don't watch TV. (ANI)
Targeted geoengineering to preserve continental ice sheets deserves serious research and investment, argues an international team of researchers in a Comment published March 14 in the journal Nature. Without intervention, by 2100 most large coastal cities will face sea levels that are more than three feet higher than they are currently.
Previous discussions of geoengineering have looked at global projects, like seeding the atmosphere with particles to reflect more sunlight. That's what makes this focused approach more feasible, says Michael Wolovick, a postdoctoral research associate in Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences at Princeton University and a co-author on the Comment. (Nature editors commission Comments, short articles by one or more experts that call for action and lay out detailed solutions for current problems.)
"Geoengineering interventions can be targeted at specific negative consequences of climate change, rather than at the entire planet," Wolovick said.
The ice sheets of Greenland and Antarctica will contribute more to sea-level rise this century than any other source, so stalling the fastest flows of ice into the oceans would buy us a few centuries to deal with climate change and protect coasts, say the authors.
"There is going to be some sea-level rise in the 21st century, but most models say that the ice sheets won't begin collapsing in earnest until the 22nd or 23rd centuries," said Wolovick. "I believe that what happens in the 22nd or 23rd centuries matters. I want our species and our civilization to last as long as possible, and that means that we need to make plans for the long term."
Wolovick started investigating geoengineering approaches when they realized how disproportionate the scale was between the origin of the problem at the poles and its global impact: "For example, many of the most important outlet glaciers in Greenland are about 5 kilometers (3 miles) wide, and there are bridges that are longer than [that]. The important ice streams in Antarctica are wider, tens of kilometers up to 100 kilometers, but their societal consequences are larger as well, because they could potentially trigger a runaway marine ice sheet collapse. The fast-flowing parts of the ice sheets -- the outlet glaciers and ice streams -- might be the highest-leverage points in the whole climate system."
The glaciers could be slowed in three ways: warm ocean waters could be prevented from reaching their bases and accelerating melting; the ice shelves where they start to float could be buttressed by building artificial islands in the sea; and the glacier beds could be dried by draining or freezing the thin film of water they slide on.
The engineering costs and scales of these projects are comparable with today's large civil engineering projects, but with extra challenges due to the remote and harsh polar environment. Engineers have already constructed artificial islands and drained water beneath a glacier in Norway to feed a hydropower plant. Raising a berm in front of the fastest-flowing glacier in Greenland -- constructing an underwater wall 3 miles long and 350 feet high in arctic waters -- would be a comparable challenge.
Such a project would easily run into the billions of dollars, but the scientists note that without coastal protection, the global cost of damages could reach $50 trillion a year. In the absence of geoengineering, the sea walls and flood defenses necessary to prevent those damages would cost tens of billions of dollars a year to build and maintain.
The researchers note that potential risks, especially to local ecosystems, need careful fieldwork and computer modeling, and the glaciers and their outflow channels need to be more precisely mapped and modeled.
Most importantly, this approach would address a symptom, not the cause. "Glacial geoengineering is not a substitute for emissions reductions," Wolovick said. Their approaches could forestall one of the bigger causes of global sea-level rise, but they will not mitigate global warming from greenhouse gases.
The fate of the ice sheets will depend ultimately on how quickly the world brings down fossil fuel emissions.
"Glacial geoengineering will not be able to save the ice sheets in the long run if the climate continues to warm," Wolovick said. "In the long run, there are two possible routes that glacial geoengineering could take: on the one hand, it could be a stopgap solution meant to preserve the ice sheets until the climate cools enough that they are once again viable on their own; on the other hand, it could be a managed collapse meant to keep the rate of sea-level rise down while slowly letting the ice sheet waste away. If we emit too much carbon into the atmosphere, then the only viable long-term usage of glacial geoengineering would be to orchestrate a managed collapse."
Wolovick argues against defeatist attitudes. "Climate change is not an inevitable apocalypse, climate change is a set of solvable problems," they said. "Climate change is a challenge that our species can and will rise to meet."
"Geoengineer polar glaciers to slow sea-level rise" by John Moore, Rupert Gladstone, Thomas Zwinger and Michael Wolovick appeared in Nature on March 14. Wolovick's research was supported by a departmental postdoctoral fellowship that is funded by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
###
Read in-depth stories, galleries, updates on Assembly Elections | Gujarat Polls
New Delhi: As many as 253 (14 per cent) candidates in the fray in Gujarat assembly polls have declared criminal cases against them, with three candidates facing charges related to murder, 17 related to attempt to murder, and four related to rape, an ADR-Gujarat Election Watch report said on Monday.
Non-profit Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) along with Gujarat Election Watch has prepared a report by analysing information furnished by 1,815 of the 1,828 candidates.
In 2012 Gujarat elections, out of 1,283 candidates analysed, 222 (17 per cent) had declared criminal cases against themselves, the report said.
"As many as 154 (8 per cent) candidates have declared serious criminal cases, including ones related to murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, and crimes against women. In 2012 Gujarat assembly elections, 92 (7 per cent) candidates had declared serious criminal cases against themselves," it said.
It said seven candidates have declared cases related to kidnapping.
Among major parties, 46 (25 per cent) out of 181 candidates are from Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP), 56 (32 per cent) out of 176 candidates from Congress, 17 (12 per cent) out of 138 candidates from Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), 9 (16 per cent) out of 57 candidates from Nationalist Congress Party, 4 (14 per cent) out of 28 candidates from Aam Aadmi Party, and 65 (8 per cent) out of 791 independent candidates analysed have declared criminal cases against themselves in their affidavits.
Out of the 1,815 candidates, 418 (23 per cent) are multi-millionaires and among the major parties 147 (81 per cent) out of 181 candidates are from BJP, 129(73 per cent) out of 176 candidates from Congress, 5 (4 per cent) out of 138 candidates from BSP, and 11(39 per cent) out of 28 candidates from AAP, the report said.
Transparency Market Research has published a new report titled “Butadiene (Synthetic and Bio-based) Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2023.” According to the report, the global synthetic & bio-based butadiene market for was valued at US$ 15.24 Bn in 2014 and is anticipated to reach US$ 23.45 Bn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 4.9% between 2015 and 2023.
Read Report Overview @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/synthetic-and-bio-based-butadiene-market.html
Butadiene is one of the major petrochemical and holds significant importance in end-user industries such as automotive and tire. High demand from tire and automotive industries is driving demand for synthetic & bio-based butadiene during the last few years. Butadiene derivatives such as SB rubber, ABS, and butadiene rubber are used in the processing of tires and automotive parts. SB rubber products such as S-SBR and E-SBR are primarily consumed raw materials in the production of tires. These materials provide low rolling resistance and better grip, thus resulting in reduced CO2 emissions and improved fuel economy. Rise in demand for ABS in Asia Pacific, especially in China and Southeast Asia, is another key factor propelling growth of the market for synthetic & bio-based butadiene. Furthermore, development of innovative technological processes for the production of bio-based butadiene is likely to fuel the butadiene market in the near future. However, volatility in raw material prices coupled with stringent environmental regulations are expected to hinder the market growth during the forecast period.
Synthetic butadiene was the largest product segment, accounting for a significant share of the global synthetic & bio-based butadiene market in 2014. Synthetic butadiene is produced from a mixture of C4 feedstock and is further processed to obtain derivatives such as ABS, SB rubber, and SB latex. These derivatives are employed in tire and automotive industries. Bio-based butadiene is likely to be the fastest-growing product segment of the synthetic & bio-based butadiene market in the next few years. Stringent regulations are primarily boosting growth of the bio-based butadiene market. Alignment towards eco-friendly and cost-competitive production is estimated to drive the market growth during the forecast period.
In terms of demand, butadiene rubber has been dominating the synthetic & bio-based butadiene market in the past years. Butadiene rubber is primarily used in tire production; however, it is also used as an additive in plastics such as polystyrene and ABS. SB rubber accounted for the second-largest share of the synthetic & bio-based butadiene market in 2014. SB rubber is a synthetic rubber obtained through copolymerization of butadiene and styrene and is used in the production of tire and its products. ABS and adiponitrile are considered to be among the fastest-growing application segments of the synthetic & bio-based butadiene market. A similar trend is anticipated to continue during the forecast period.
Request to view Sample Report:
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=493
Asia Pacific accounted for over 50% share of the global synthetic & bio-based butadiene in 2014. Increasing demand from China and Southeast Asia is expected to drive growth of the synthetic & bio-based butadiene market in this region. Europe and North America are likely to exhibit decline in the market growth due to lower demand and stringent regulations related to butadiene. The Middle East & Africa is expected to be one of the fastest-growing regions for synthetic & bio-based butadiene during the next decade. Growth in tire and automotive industries in this region is likely to provide potential opportunities for the butadiene market in the next few years.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Peanutphiliacs are like alcoholics and smokers. They know that after their first raid, the packet will be re-raided over and again, writes Denis Beckett.
Something South Africa is not short of is persons selling tiny items at tiny mark-ups from desperate cardboard trays. Items like peanuts, alongside single cigarettes and sticky boiled sweets.
These are tiny peanuts, naturally. They make a pea look big. They are not the prettiest. They have a pinkish-greyish tinge, and their body language speaks of huddling in corners.
Your cardboard-tray peanut is the most slender relative of the big golden chompy peanut that frequents the cocktail bar. That is the brassy blonde beauty of peanuts, tanned and confident in a bikini and arriving in the sports-car of peanut packaging, a machine-made kilogram carton in look-at-me colours.
But our humble hero the cardboard-tray peanut populates a jiffy-bag of perhaps thirty grams, wrapped by the hand of the hawker.
Now obviously, Good Reader, you are an admirable human being who keeps your temptations under control. But you may have heard of a disease common among your lesser brethren, Peanutphilia.
Peanutphilia's victims are incapable of enjoying a portion of a packet of peanuts. Once they start, they go on until the packet is finished.
They try, oh yes. They tell themselves every time “this packet will be the one that lasts”. They vow to eat just a few peanuts at a time, and keep the packet in their pocket for a respectable time.
They're liars. Peanutphiliacs are like alcoholics and smokers. They know that after their first raid, the packet will be re-raided over and again, at ever shorter intervals until it's gone.
For Peanutphiliacs, the cardboard-tray peanut is a wonder of the world. Having indulged yourself in a 30-gram packet you have achieved three things. You are contented, you've had your peanut fix. You are virtuous, the calories are negligible. You are frugal, the cost is minuscule.
Just one catch. The cost is too minuscule. Finger-maths reveals the vendor's earnings as so small that the car-guard's income looks like an advocate's. You feel exploitative.
Forgoing your change hardly makes amends. You're moved to offer business advice.
Danger zone. Be Customer, not Consultant. No-one relishes: “I who do not do what you do know better how to do it”. Everyone likes client feedback.
On the spot, battle to untie the knot on the packet. The vendor says: “No, you don't do that, you break the bag.” Respond: “I make a slipknot or bow, to untie and retie so that peanuts do not spill and oil their way around my pocket.”
Do not expect: “Eureka! A competitive edge for my business!” Vendors may shrug, this has nothing to do with them. Or brows may furrow, or worries be expressed – that the knot has always been tied this way, or that other hawkers would take offence. Or even: “Great, I'll do that.”
There's a factor here that President Jacob Zuma might take into account, when they worry about income disparities. But now and again rewards arise.
Like last week. I'm on another side of town, seldom visited, when a beaming hawker bustles up shoving a packet of peanuts at me.
I'm a bit taken aback. What is this? An over-pushy salesperson?
A bill that would have required Virginia cities to show the need before building taxpayer-supported broadband networks has passed the state House, but includes a whittled-down version of its original language.
The bill now mainly focuses on transparency among municipal broadband networks rather than attempting to curb their growth. Del. Kathy Byron's Virginia Broadband Deployment Act faced strong resistance from municipalities, as well as some fellow GOP members in the Legislature who are advocates of growing rural broadband whether private providers or government is involved in the operation.
That includes Republican Sen. Frank Wagner, who represents Virginia Beach, a city now looking to expand its broadband network. They told the News & Advance the state should encourage expansion of high-speed internet by any provider.
“I know this bill now in its current form, it doesn't impact anything, really; it just provides more information to folks,” Wagner said.
Byron's legislation passed the Senate Commerce and Labor Committee on Monday, but it's a shell of its former self. It functions now primarily to add language to the state's Wireless Service Authorities Act to require that broadband authorities maintain open records showing they comply with the act's requirements on rates, fees and charges.
The bill as originally introduced would have required local governments to obtain a report by an independent consulting firm demonstrating why the network needed to be built. It also prevented governments from directly competing against providers already offering download speeds of at least 10 megabits per second while encouraging cities to partner with private providers to expand internet access.
RELATED: Virginia bill would require cities to show need before building broadband networks
Byron wrote in an op-ed that “we must ensure taxpayers get a return on that investment” when public money is used to facilitate broadband expansion.
Byron, who chairs the state Broadband Advisory Council, has said they plan to hold hearings across the state in the next year to further discuss how to increase access in a fiscally responsible manner.
David Williams, president of Taxpayers Protection Alliance, was among those who supported the bill, sending a letter to the Legislature last month. They called the latest developments with the legislation “unfortunate.”
“Taxpayers need oversight of these projects and we need answers,” they told Watchdog.org. “When you have watered-down bills like this you don't get the oversight to make sure taxpayers dollars aren't wasted.”
TPA recently started a website that shows via a map the extent of municipal broadband projects — and the debts that many of them have incurred — around the country. There are several examples of taxpayer-supported projects in Virginia that have lost millions of public money.
RELATED: This map shows how far-reaching – and debt-ridden – government broadband has grown
Williams said they plan to keep a close eye on how the failure of this legislation affects other potential municipal-broadband limiting bills around the country. They hope advocates study what happened in Virginia to improve legislation elsewhere.
“I'm curious what happens in other states,” they said. “I hope this is an isolated incident.”
(Adds comment from First Bank)
By Chijioke Ohuocha
LAGOS, April 28 The Nigerian arm of Abu Dhabi telecom group Etisalat is meeting lenders in London on Friday for talks on restructuring a $1.2 billion debt, Access Bank CEO Herbert Wigwe said.
Etisalat Nigeria is the biggest foreign-owned victim of the dollar shortages plaguing Nigeria's financial system. It signed the $1.2 billion medium-term facility with 13 local banks in 2013 to refinance a $650 million loan and fund the modernisation of its network, but is now struggling to repay the debt.
Access, one of the lenders in that consortium, is owed 40 billion naira ($131 million) by Etisalat Nigeria and more by its contractors, although Wigwe declined to specify how much.
"They are in London having a meeting as we speak. In the course of next week we would get clearer visibility on how to go about (the debt restructuring)," Wigwe told analysts on a call to discuss the loan as part of its first-quarter results.
A number of firms invested aggressively in the West African nation in the era of high oil prices but are struggling to repay loans or keep operating as the oil producer suffers from a slump in global crude prices that has hammered its revenues, its currency and dollars reserves.
Wigwe said the banks needed to verify all the debts on Etisalat's books, especially those to trade creditors such as IHS, which has said Etisalat owe it a payment of $8.5 million for more than 120 days since Dec. 31.
Another lender, First Bank, confirmed that there was a meeting in London and said it was positive that the loan will be restructured as guided by the regulator and repaid.
First Bank said that its exposure to Etisalat was about 1.25 percent of its 2.1 trillion naira ($7 bln) loan book and that it could write it off if necessary.
A source said that Etisalat has asked lenders to convert the dollar portions of its loans into naira to help it overcome the shortage of hard currency on the interbank market but that lenders were opposed to this idea.
Wigwe said several options were being considered.
"We have done some financial restructuring which we have not closed on. We are hoping to get an agreement with everybody," Wigwe said.
Nigerian dollar liquidity has been improving recently, with the central bank intervening in the interbank market since February.
Wigwe said their bank is also exposed to Nigeria's biggest airline, Arik Air, which was placed under receivership by state-owned "bad bank" AMCON with debts of about 8 billion naira but only around 3 billion to cover them.
They said AMCON was looking at ways to resolve the Arik debt, either through a sale or a recapitalisation. ($1 = 304.85 naira) (Additional reporting by Oludare Mayowa; Editing by Adrian Croft and Hugh Lawson)
ISTANBUL, April 6 Turkish retailer Boyner Holding is looking to sell up to 60 percent of its online fashion site, Morhipo.com, and has mandated brokerage Unlu & Co to advise on the sale, two sources familiar with the matter said.
Four companies, including a large Middle Eastern retailer, have shown interest in the deal, which would see Boyner sell 40 to 60 percent of the e-commerce site, the sources said, declining to be identified.
Both Boyner and Unlu & Co declined to comment.
"A strategic partnership of between 40 and 60 percent is being considered," one of the sources said, adding that the enterprise value-to-sales ratio for the transaction could be between 1 to 1.5.
That would put the online retailer's enterprise value - a measure of value that includes debt - at up to 600 million liras ($161 million), based on its annual turnover of up to 400 million liras.
Private equity funds have also shown interest in the company, the other source said.
Bringing in an outside investor could help Morhipo.com in an competitive domestic market that includes rivals Hepsiburada.com, in which Dubai-based private equity firm Abraaj Capital holds a stake, and Trendyol.
While global investor enthusiasm for Turkey has cooled in recent years due to rising security and political concerns, its demographics and growth potential remain the envy of Europe.
The country is home to 79 million people with a median age of just over 30, younger than anywhere else in Europe. By 2050, the population is expected to swell to 93 million, while much of the rest of Europe ages. (Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by David Dolan)
Gwyneth Paltrow had an infinity stone of their own to flaunt on the Avengers red carpet Monday night.
The 45-year-old Goop founder showed up at the Infinity War premiere in Hollywood, California, wearing their gigantic blue engagement ring — the organically cut center rock gifted to them by fiancé Brad Falchuk.
Paltrow's ring wasn't the only thing they were showing off. The blonde beauty also displayed their toned, tan legs in a short sparkly beige belted long-sleeve Retrofête dress and coordinating Jimmy Choo heels.
They later shared a photo of their look to Instagram, captioning it “Nothing like a family reunion.”
Jesse Grant/Getty
Jen Lowery/SilverHub/Shutterstock
Jen Lowery/SilverHub/Shutterstock
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
It sure was a family reunion.
Paltrow — who plays Iron Man love interest Pepper Potts in the Marvel Cinematic Universe — was joined at the premiere of the highly anticipated movie by costars Robert Downey Jr., Chadwick Boseman, Scarlett Johansson, Bradley Cooper, Chris Hemsworth, Elizabeth Olsen, Chris Pratt, Mark Ruffalo, Samuel L. Jackson, Zoë Saldana, Benedict Cumberbatch, Tom Holland, Danai Gurira, Paul Bettany, Sebastian Stan, Josh Brolin and more.
Falchuk, 47, wasn't there — but the two have been busy preparing for their wedding day.
Erik Pendzich/REX/Shutterstock; Broadimage/REX/Shutterstock
Earlier this month, the couple attended a star-studded engagement party in Los Angeles, hosted by Ryan Murphy.
Murphy and Falchuk have been colleagues for years, first working together on Nip/Tuck in 2003 before teaming up to create Glee (2009), Scream Queens (2015), American Horror Story (2011), and 9-1-1 (2018), among others.
At their engagement party, Paltrow was all smiles as they arrived in a one-shoulder Giambattista Valli maroon gown with a thigh-high slit at the event. Falchuk, meanwhile, wore a white tuxedo jacket and black pants.
A-list guests included Diaz and their husband Benji Madden, Julia Roberts and their husband Danny Moder, Demi Moore, Reese Witherspoon, Steven Spielberg, Liv Tyler and Kate Hudson, who wore a ruffly yellow dress over their baby bump.
A week later, Paltrow and their bridal party — including Cameron Diaz, Nicole Richie, Rachel Zoe — had a celebration of their own with an intimate luncheon.
Splash News
Gwyneth Paltrow/Instagram
Paltrow and Falchuk first met in 2010 when they made a guest appearance on Glee.
The two officially started dating in the summer of 2014 and confirmed their engagement in January in Goop Magazine‘s Sex & Love issue.
Both have been married before. Paltrow spend 11 years wed to Coldplay's Chris Martin before “conscious uncoupling” in 2014. They share two children together: 13-year-old daughter Apple and 11-year-old son Moses. Falchuk has two children — Brody and Isabella — from their 10-year marriage to Suzanne Bukinik, which ended in a divorce filing in March 2013.
RELATED VIDEO: Gwyneth Paltrow Says They ‘Feared Intimacy' Before ‘Adult Relationship' with Brad Falchuk
Paltrow also recently opened up about their romantic past in a recent interview with the Sunday Times‘ Esther Perel where they admitted their past romantic relationships lacked “a certain level of intimacy and communication.”
“In the past, I've been in relationships with men who had intimacy issues, so I could be, like, ‘I'm fine, I'm ready to do this,' and let myself think he's the one with the problem,” they explained. “In a way, some of the relationships were designed to keep me out of intimacy.”
But that all changed when they met Falchuk.
“Now, for the first time, I feel I'm in an adult relationship that is sometimes uncomfortable because they sort of demands a certain level of intimacy and communication that I haven't been held to before,” Paltrow said. “What came up in the first couple of years of our relationship was how incapable I was in this realm, how I feared intimacy and communication.”
Turns out watching the penalties shootout by the England team during their game against Colombia was too nerve-wracking for the UK Prime Minister. Commentators online expressed hope Theresa May would show more stamina when it comes to Brexit decisions later this week.
"She actually said earlier they struggle to watch penalties because it's a nerve-wracking time," May's spokesperson has told reporters.
Mrs. May will host a meeting with their senior officials on Friday, July 6, where the government is expected to finalize the white paper on Britain's Brexit strategy.
READ MORE: It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Swiss-Mess: Revelation of UK's Brexit Plan
With important decisions over the nation's future coming up, Twitter users have expressed doubt about Mrs. May's ability to handle the stress, given they reportedly couldn't bare to watch England's penalty shootouts.
Same way they handle most things then? — Rich Moore (@RichMoore20) July 4, 2018​
And she's in charge of steering the country through the biggest change and upheaval in my lifetime?!?!? As if they were ever watching it….the woman didn't know how to describe a night in with friends for God's sake so No.10 should stop trying to popularise them — Lisa Doherty (@limidoh38) July 4, 2018​
If you can't stand the heat run away. She's just bloody useless. — Frank Words (@FrankWords_) July 4, 2018​
Good thing there are no looming knife-edge decisions later this week. Hope behind the sofa is cosy. — Cllr Brant (@PaulDBrant) July 4, 2018​
On the radio: "Theresa May has revealed they didn't watch England's penalty shoot out because 'it was too tense'…"
But she's cool with their finger on the nuclear button? 🤷🏻‍♂️ https://t.co/cWdNEapdQ2 — UK Cop Humour (@UKCopHumour) July 4, 2018​
Downing Street sources says Theresa May didn't watch the penalty shootout because it was too "nerve-wracking". If we ever have a war she'll be on crack in 5 minutes. — David Anthony (@davetopgear) July 4, 2018​
Theresa May says they didn't watch England's penalty shoot-out because it was 'too nerve-wracking', but they were 'very pleased with the result'. pic.twitter.com/39PleHCQwg — Paddy Power (@paddypower) July 4, 2018​
Oh is they trying to pretend she's one of the normal people again? That worked so well last time pic.twitter.com/m3GPpV7zF1 — Gemma (@Gemma_louise84) July 4, 2018​
The captain of the England team Harry Kane scored a penalty in the 57th minute before Colombia equalized in the last minutes of the match, sending it to extra time and penalties. England fans held their breath during the decisive and winning shoot by Eric Dier, bursting into mass celebrations across the country.
England will face Sweden next in the quarter finals match on Saturday, July 7.
You know those fraudulent phone calls you've likely received from someone promising auto warranties in exchange for personal information? The recording tells you to call a number and to take advantage of the unbelievable offer.
Scroll for more content...
The majority of those calls are scams, but the phone numbers that come across your caller ID are local and very real, in most cases. Just ask Cure Touch Massage Therapy in Idaho Falls.
The company has been getting thousands of calls since Thursday as their number is being used to mask the true number of the alleged warranty providers.
"People are being called multiple times by our phone number," Daniel Larson, President of Cure Touch Massage Therapy, tells EastIdahoNews.com. "We've received calls back from Boise's Fourth of July parade organizers to Hawaiian islanders."
The Better Business Bureau addressed this issue in May and calls these types of scams "Neighborhood Spoofing."
Scammers use this method of a spoof caller ID to trick a person into thinking somebody local or even a phone number they recognize is calling. They usually try to get callers to answer the phone and engage in conversations, noting their victim's active lines in which they can call for future scams.
"In many instances, it is a random number with the same area code and first three digits as your own phone number. In other cases, the number displays as coming from a local business or person in which you've previously communicated," Better Business Bureau of Western PA stated.
Larson said their business has received some 2,000 phone calls from people saying they've missed calls from them. Some callers have been understanding, and others have been angry.
"We're obviously very concerned that it's giving us a bad reputation," Larson said.
Not only is Larson concerned about their 10,000 customers in the area, but he's worried about locals engaging in these scam calls.
"We care deeply about our community and that they have a good image of us. But also – we're concerned that people have been giving up their personal information to strangers over the phone. We just want to make sure that there's an awareness out there about call scamming," Larson said.
Other local companies, including Idaho I-Repair in Rexburg, have confirmed they have been having similar issues. Larson is aware of spa companies in California and other massage groups that have received calls back because of neighborhood spoofing.
"Sometimes you think it's going to be somebody who you think you know but it's not," Larson said.
Larson has not reported the issue to law enforcement as they don't feel it will solve the issue. They said if threats take place in the future, or if this issue persists, they will report it and possibly change their business phone number.
"We've been established in this area very well and we have lots of marketing tools out there," Larson said. "Changing our phone number could be detrimental to that."
The BBB advises avoiding answering calls from phone numbers you don't recognize, even if they appear to be local. To be safe, wait for the caller to leave a message.
"You shouldn't give personal information over the phone if it seems suspicious," Larson said.
An insurance company boss accused of misleading and ripping off Aboriginal families by signing them up to expensive funeral plans had no training or qualifications to do the job, the banking royal commission has heard.
Aboriginal Community Benefit Fund CEO Bryn Jones was representing the 25-year-old firm at the inquiry in Darwin on Wednesday when they revealed he'd been hired last year by its Vanuatu-based founder and major shareholder, Ron Pattenden.
The company has nearly 13,500 Aboriginal clients with funeral insurance plans and is accused of falsely presenting itself as indigenous-owned and exploiting the cultural importance of funerals.
Under questioning from counsel assisting the commission Rowena Orr QC, they admitted they had not previously worked in the industry and has no qualifications.
"It was under the premise that I was to try and modernise and bring the appropriate people in that did have the relevant experience and knowledge and know-how to take the company forward," they said.
"I was teaching children sport and also working within the IT sector."
Customers on Centrelink payment who believe they are contributing to a savings plan and can still access the money have paid ACBF premiums well in excess of any benefit they will receive.
Tracey Walsh, who broke down in tears while testifying, shelled out more than $10,000 over a decade after signing up aged 40 but was only entitled to a maximum benefit of $8000. ACBF refused to lift the amount due to their history of depression.
The inquiry heard 600 other customers had paid more than their benefit and the company's average policy value was well below the industry average.
Mr Jones also had to explain why ACBF had long denied funeral cover for suicides when more than half its customers were children or under 25s and Aboriginal youth suicide rates were the highest in the world.
Also on Wednesday, the royal commission heard a recording of a Let's Insure salesperson pushing funeral and life cover on Aboriginal woman Kathy Marika.
Ms Marika is heard to say they didn't need it because they already had funeral insurance with their employer, the Bangarra Dance Theatre. Yet they were persuaded to sign up along with their three children anyway.
"Yeah, brilliant ... now the reason why people take one out with us as well as the one that they have at work is because we're priced up to 50 per cent less and, as can you imagine, you don't really want to be spending too much, do you," the salesperson responds.
Ms Marika later took legal action and was refunded $1,890.34.
"I told them I didn't want it, I told them I already had one but they seemed to be really pushy for me to say yes," they told the hearing.
Let's Insure CEO Russell Howden was forced to admit the salesperson had followed a training manual script.
October 5, 2017, Cleveland: In a newly published study, Cleveland Clinic researchers have uncovered differences in the bacterial composition of breast tissue of healthy women vs. women with breast cancer. The research team has discovered for the first time that healthy breast tissue contains more of the bacterial species Methylobacterium, a finding which could offer a new perspective in the battle against breast cancer.
Bacteria that live in the body, known as the microbiome, influence many diseases. Most research has been done on the "gut" microbiome, or bacteria in the digestive tract. Researchers have long suspected that a "microbiome" exists within breast tissue and plays a role in breast cancer but it has not yet been characterized. The research team has taken the first step toward understanding the composition of the bacteria in breast cancer by uncovering distinct microbial differences in healthy and cancerous breast tissue.
"To my knowledge, this is the first study to examine both breast tissue and distant sites of the body for bacterial differences in breast cancer," said co-senior author Charis Eng, M.D., Ph.D., chair of Cleveland Clinic's Genomic Medicine Institute and director of the Center for Personalized Genetic Healthcare. "Our hope is to find a biomarker that would help us diagnose breast cancer quickly and easily. In our wildest dreams, we hope we can use microbiomics right before breast cancer forms and then prevent cancer with probiotics or antibiotics."
Published online in Oncotarget on Oct. 5, 2017, the study examined the tissues of 78 patients who underwent mastectomy for invasive carcinoma or elective cosmetic breast surgery. In addition, they examined oral rinse and urine to determine the bacterial composition of these distant sites in the body.
In addition to the Methylobacterium finding, the team discovered that cancer patients' urine samples had increased levels of gram-positive bacteria, including Staphylococcus and Actinomyces. Further studies are needed to determine the role these organisms may play in breast cancer.
Co-senior author Stephen Grobymer, M.D., said, "If we can target specific pro-cancer bacteria, we may be able to make the environment less hospitable to cancer and enhance existing treatments. Larger studies are needed but this work is a solid first step in better understanding the significant role of bacterial imbalances in breast cancer." Dr. Grobmyer is section head of Surgical Oncology and director of Breast Services at Cleveland Clinic.
The study provides proof-of-principle evidence to support further research into the creation and utilization of loaded submicroscopic particles (nanoparticles), targeting these pro-cancer bacteria. Funded by a grant from the Center for Transformational Nanomedicine, Drs. Grobmyer and Eng are collaborating with investigators at Hebrew University to develop new treatments using nanotechnology to deliver antibiotics directly to the bacterial community in breast cancer.
Breast cancer is the second most common cancer in women (after skin cancer) in the United States, where 1 in 8 women will develop the disease in their lifetimes.
The study was funded by a Clinical Research Mentorship Award from the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation, The Society of Surgical Oncology Foundation, Cleveland Clinic's Taussig Cancer Institute, Earlier.org, and Randy and Ken Kendrick. Dr. Eng holds the Sondra J. and Stephen R. Hardis Endowed Chair of Cancer Genomic Medicine at Cleveland Clinic.
###
About Cleveland Clinic
Cleveland Clinic is a nonprofit multispecialty academic medical center that integrates clinical and hospital care with research and education. Located in Cleveland, Ohio, it was founded in 1921 by four renowned physicians with a vision of providing outstanding patient care based upon the principles of cooperation, compassion and innovation. Cleveland Clinic has pioneered many medical breakthroughs, including coronary artery bypass surgery and the first face transplant in the United States. U.S. News & World Report consistently names Cleveland Clinic as one of the nation's best hospitals in its annual "America's Best Hospitals" survey. Among Cleveland Clinic's 51,000 employees are more than 3,500 full-time salaried physicians and researchers and 14,000 nurses, representing 140 medical specialties and subspecialties. Cleveland Clinic's health system includes a 165-acre main campus near downtown Cleveland, 10 regional hospitals, more than 150 northern Ohio outpatient locations - including 18 full-service family health centers and three health and wellness centers - and locations in Weston, Fla.; Las Vegas, Nev.; Toronto, Canada; Abu Dhabi, UAE; and London, England. In 2016, there were 7.1 million outpatient visits, 161,674 hospital admissions and 207,610 surgical cases throughout Cleveland Clinic's health system. Patients came for treatment from every state and 180 countries. Visit us at clevelandclinic.org. Follow us at twitter.com/ClevelandClinic.
Editor's Note: Cleveland Clinic News Service is available to provide broadcast-quality interviews and B-roll upon request.
About the Lerner Research Institute
Police are concerned over the young age of some of the growing number of people on the island being found in possession of child pornography, reports said on Monday.
In an interview with Phileleftheros, the head of the Cybercrime unit Andreas Anastasiou said one of their cases involved a 16-year-old in Limassol who was found in possession of 15 photo files and seven videos with child pornography, and that authorities know of other such cases involving offenders who are minors, which was causing great concern. It is widely acknowledged that offenders who are that young, were themselves likely too have been victims of abuse.
Data cited in the article revealed that in the last two years police found 77,100 files – photos and video in the possession of offenders. In 2015 they investigated 154 cases of child pornography involving 49,700 files while in 2016 they found another 27,400 files in 126 cases.
Some 38 cases were investigated in 2011. In 2012 police investigated 23 cases. In 2013, they investigated 54 cases. In 2014, they investigated 106 cases. In 2015 there were 154 cases and in 2016 they investigated 126. In the first three months of 2017, they have opened 40 investigations and expect to make arrests shortly, they report said.
The Cybercrime unit also receives dozens of requests from abroad related to child pornography. Last year that number reached 49.
According to the report, so far no Cypriot children have been identified as appearing in the seized child porn videos. There have been some instances of Cypriot minors showing up in isolated cases where they were coerced into sending nude photos over social media or in cases where these types of photos were published on the internet when they broke up with someone in the case of those in their teens but still under the age of consent.
"He admits their guilt," Zadoyan announced without sharing any details.
It is expected that the court will hold a hearing on Azimov's arrest shortly.
Russian security operatives detained Azimov near Moscow on Monday. During the operation, the officers confiscated a combat pistol.
© AFP 2017/ STR Total of 39 People Remain at Hospitals After St. Petersburg Metro Blast
Azimov Abror Akhralovich, born in 1990, is a native of the Central Asian region. The FSB said that they trained the St. Pete metro suicide attacker, Akbarzhon Jalilov.
On April 3, an explosion hit a subway car on a stretch between two subway stations in the center of St. Petersburg, leaving over 50 people injured. Russia's Investigative Committee said that a Russian citizen of Kyrgyz descent Akbarzhon Jalilov was the prime suspect, but did not rule out the possibility of the perpetrator having accomplices.
Update: Azimov has refused to admit their guilt in court during the hearing.
"I don't object to an arrest, but what the prosecutor said about me admitting guilt is not true," Azimov said. "I was involved, but not directly. I was given a command. I didn't realize that I was involved in [a] terror [attack]," Azimov explained.
The prosecution has not yet identified all suspects involved in the case, and the search for the accomplices is still ongoing. It remains unclear who gave Azimov the alleged command and what this command could have been.
DISASTER assistance is now available for people affected by Cyclone Marcus.
Chief Minister Michael Gunner said the immediate relief payment of $250 was now available for families who had been without power for more than 72 hours.
“This $250 relief payment is to assist with the costs associated with being without power and can be applied for from today directly from the relief centres,” Mr Gunner said.
“We have now opened five relief centres for residents to apply for immediate payments if they are still without power.
“People whose houses have been damaged may also be eligible for assistance to replace essential household contents and undertake essential household repairs.
“Further assistance for the Territory through the NDRRA is being determined, as damage assessments and cost estimates become available in coming days.”
The assistance is being provided through the jointly funded Commonwealth-Territory Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements (NDRRA).
Minister for Law Enforcement and Cybersecurity Angus Taylor said Marcus had been a powerful category two cyclone.
“The financial relief payments that have been activated will help people affected with their immediate emergency needs,” they said.
Further information regarding the location of relief centres and other important information is available from Territory Families.
Anyone suffering hardship should call Territory Families on (08) 8999 2908.
× Temptations lead singer Dennis Edwards dies at 74
CHICAGO – Grammy award-winning singer and member of The Temptations Dennis Edwards has died, their wife, Brenda Edwards, confirmed to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Edwards was 74 years old.
Their wife told the Post that the Motown legend died at a Chicago area hospital after suffering complications related to meningitis.
“My uncle Dennis Edwards passed away this morning,” Edwards' nephew, Jason Quebec, posted on social media Friday. “Please keep my family in prayer.”
Edwards was a long-time resident of Florissant, Missouri. They were a Lifetime Achievement recipient in 2013.
The Temptations were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989. The band's best-known hits include “Papa was a Rollin' Stone,” “Ain't no Mountain High Enough,” “My Girl” and “I Can't Get Next to You.”
February 3 would have been the singer's 75th birthday.
April 24 (UPI) -- The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee on Tuesday postponed a confirmation hearing for Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, President Donald Trump's choice to be the next Veterans Affairs secretary.
Jackson was scheduled for a confirmation hearing Wednesday, but the panel postponed it over reported concerns about Jackson's conduct as military doctor.
Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R- Ga., and ranking member Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., said in a joint statement they decided to postpone the hearing "in light of new information."
"We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation," the statement said. "We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."
Isakson and Tester sent a letter to Trump requesting information about any improper conduct surrounding Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit, and as physician to the president.
Tester said they were unsure how Jackson was vetted by the White House, but said now that the task is in the committee's hands, it's "our job to vet these candidates."
RELATED Trump replaces VA Secretary Shulkin with their doctor
"We are doing that, once we come to a conclusion, whether he's fit to serve or not, then we'll move forward with the hearing."
White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley said Tuesday the administration supports Jackson for the VA post.
"Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve," Gidley said.
Jackson has faced questions about their qualification to lead the second-largest agency in the federal government.
Last month, Trump announced they would replace David Shulkin in the post.
URBANA, Ill. - Animal scientist Phil Cardoso knew that milk protein increases when dairy cows are fed the amino acid methionine, but they suspected that the supplement might have additional health benefits.
"I wondered, 'Is that the only thing methionine is doing?'" the University of Illinois assistant professor says. "If I'm eating well, am I just going to put on more muscle, or am I going to be healthier overall? It's good to look at the protein in milk, but I wanted to see if other things are changing, such as reproduction."
Last year, Cardoso and a team of collaborators discovered that methionine supplementation may increase embryo survival in dairy cows. But they had more questions. For example, can methionine speed up the amount of time between calving and ovulation? And does it affect gene expression in ovarian follicles?
The team measured follicle growth over time, with the idea that follicles that are quicker to reach a certain diameter might release oocytes sooner. However, cows that had been fed rumen-protected methionine did not technically produce bigger follicles faster than cows that were not supplemented with the amino acid. That is, the analysis did not show a statistical difference, but Cardoso saw a pattern.
"Follicles in methionine-fed cows did appear to be a little bigger than the others prior to ovulation. I'd like to repeat the experiment with more cows on a commercial farm to see if the difference would be more substantial," Cardoso says.
What the study did show conclusively was that certain genes were expressed at different rates in ovarian follicles from cows that were supplemented with methionine. Two of those genes stood out.
A gene necessary for synthesis of estrogen and other hormones was higher in follicles from animals that received methionine. "If a cow can produce more estrogen, they are going to come in heat faster, and may get pregnant more easily," Cardoso explains.
The team also found evidence that methionine supplementation could make cows and calves less susceptible to disease. A gene associated with inflammation and cancer potential, known as tumor necrosis factor, was lower in the ovarian follicular cells of animals that were supplemented with methionine.
Cardoso says there is more work to do before they would advise dairy producers to use the supplement to speed up cows' ovulation cycles or to avoid inflammation, although they can't point to any negative impacts from using methionine for other reasons.
One of the team's next steps will be to complete analysis from uterine samples collected from the same cows, with the aim of learning how cows' ovarian follicles, embryos, and uterine tissues communicate.
###
The article, "Effects of rumen-protected methionine and choline supplementation on steroidogenic potential of the first postpartum dominant follicle and expression of immune mediators in Holstein cows," is published in Theriogenology. Cardoso's collaborators include D.A.V. Acosta, M.I. Rivelli, C. Skenandore, Z. Zhou, D.H. Keisler, D. Luchini, and M.N. Correa. The research was supported by Adisseo.
Over the weekend, hearts melted and poured out for Keaton Jones, an 11-year-old from Knoxville, Tennessee, who was bullied by fellow classmates at school, after their mother posted a video of them on social media.
Filmed by Kimberly Jones, their mother, the boy is shown crying while they repeatedly questioned why they were being targeted at school. According to the post, their son was so afraid to go to lunch that they would instead call home to be picked up.
— Everything TN (@Everything_TN) December 9, 2017
​Dozens of people, including celebrities like Chris Evans, Millie-Bobby Brown and Mark Ruffalo commented, telling Jones to be strong and even going as far as inviting them to movie premieres and sporting events.
— Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) December 11, 2017
​But while people were quick to show their support for Keaton, there was something dark going on under the surface. Investigative netizens soon found out that Jones' mother had some rather negative thoughts come Monday morning.
— Queen Mel 🇭🇹 (@BLVCKMATTERS) December 11, 2017
​And to top it off, there also seemed to be a money scam going on, too.
According to MMA fighter Joe Schilling, after they reached out to Jones' mom to invite Keaton out to Los Angeles for a show, they discovered that recent GoFundMe page dubbed "Stand Up For Keaton" was none other than a ploy to get money.
Go look at their ig watch their story posts they're just running a money scam. Really really sad and disgusting. Tagging celebrities trying to get them to donate to them go fund me account smfh. @kimberlyjones_38 @danawhite @gracegracieworld @snoopdogg @plies A post shared by Joe Schilling 🦍 (@joe_schilling) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:12am PST
"I feel pretty stupid right now people, I was pretty moved by Keaton Jones' video, so I reached out to their mom," Schilling said in their Instagram post Monday. "And, um, they just wants money, they just want me to share their GofundMe account."
But the conversation later took an even more upsetting turn once Jones reportedly came forward asking Schilling, "what happened to us whites sticking together and helping one of another against the predator?"
​The funding page for Keaton currently has over $58,000. Jones wasn't going to stay mum, though. Speaking with Fox News, they told the outlet that the claims were "untrue."
"I did not tell them that I would rather have donations instead of the help from celebrities," Jones said in an Instagram direct message.
Regardless, the critics have spoken their truth and aren't exactly here for the campaign.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
"This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood, so it was a big shock," they said while wiping back tears. "Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine, and enjoying life. I guess you just have to ... enjoy every day."
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street, just below Finch Avenue, where the deadly incident took place. Police officers still blanketed the scene on Tuesday as they continued to investigate.
Police have not yet released the names and ages of the victims, but Toronto Coun. Cesar Palacio revealed D'Amico's identity at an early-morning session at city hall, adding that they reached out to their father to express condolences.
"When I spoke to Rocco ... early this morning, it was clear that part of their life is gone," Palacio said. "As they noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever of their life."
Tennis Canada said D'Amico had volunteered at its marquis Rogers Cup Tournament every summer since the age of 12, starting out as a "ball girl" and eventually heading its stadium control committee. The organization also said they worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices near the scene of the attack.
"Anne Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016," Tennis Canada said in a statement. "She was always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of them own."
Across the city from the crime scene, Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him. Clad in a white jumpsuit, they looked around and said little other than their name before charges were announced. Their next court appearance is currently slated for May 10.
A man police identified as Minassian's father was also present in court.
When asked if they had a statement to offer to the victims' families, the man simply replied "I'm sorry."
Little is known about Minassian who was arrested after a brief sidewalk standoff with a lone police officer not far from the incident site. The officer, identified by police sources as Const. Ken Lam, is being hailed as a hero for taking Minassian into custody without firing a single shot.
"It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto," city Police Union President Mike McCormack said. "The one ... positive to take away from that day was their (officer's) behaviour."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that while the investigation is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest there was a "national security element" to the incident. Calling it a "senseless attack and a horrific tragedy," Trudeau called for a show of support for those affected as well as a city in mourning.
"The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy," Trudeau said. "All Canadians stand united with Toronto today."
Toronto Mayor John Tory echoed that call and said the city will recover.
"Toronto was a great city yesterday, it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow," they said. "The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
At the Ontario legislature, members of all three provincial parties held a moment of silence and expressed their grief and support for the first responders at the scene.
Premier Kathleen Wynne said that while legislators were all reeling from Monday's incident, they felt it was important to carry on with the democratic process.
"We have to ensure that this kind of senseless act doesn't define us," Wynne said. "We owe it to the people of the province to reassure them that this is a safe place that we live in, because it is."
Wynne and Tory later travelled to the scene of the attack to lay flowers at the memorial.
U.S. President Donald Trump offered their condolences Tuesday morning.
"I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives," Trump said at a White House ceremony. "Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada."
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders has said it was too early to suggest a motive for the deadly incident.
A Muslim-Canadian non-profit group called DawaNet, which helped raise more than $800,000 for the victims of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec, launched a GoFundMe page for the victims of the Toronto incident, which had raised more than $82,000 by Tuesday afternoon.
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 -- Sigmoidoscopy, an alternative to colonoscopy, may help one gender more than the other, new research shows.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy looks at about a third of the colon, as compared to the whole colon as is seen in colonoscopy. But unlike colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy does not typically require sedation.
However, new research finds that while sigmoidoscopy is associated with fewer colon cancer cases and deaths for men who undergo the screen, that benefit was not observed for women.
"For women, we could not detect an effect of sigmoidoscopy screening on [colon cancer] incidence or mortality," wrote a team led by Dr. Oyvind Holme, of the University of Oslo in Norway.
As Holme's team explained, prior research has suggested that sigmoidoscopy reduces overall colon cancer incidence by 18 percent to 26 percent, and related deaths by 22 percent to 31 percent over 10 to 17 years.
But it's not been clear if both genders benefit equally.
In this study, nearly 99,000 Norwegians aged 50 to 64 were randomly selected to undergo sigmoidoscopy screening for colon cancer, or to have no type of screening.
After 17 years, men in the sigmoidoscopy group had a 34 percent lower risk of colon cancer and a 37 percent lower risk of death from the disease than men in the non-screening group.
However, women in the sigmoidoscopy group saw little reduction in their colon cancer risk or death rates, compared to women who weren't screened, the findings showed.
The study was published online April 23 in Annals of Internal Medicine.
Why the difference by gender? In an accompanying journal editorial, Dr. Kirsten Bibbins-Domingo of the University of California, San Francisco, pointed out that colon cancer tends to progress differently in men and women.
They noted that the peak incidence of colon cancer occurs at an earlier age in men than in women. That means that with a one-time sigmoidoscopy screening, the age at which women were screened may have been too early to spot those who would go on to develop colon cancer, Bibbins-Domingo theorized.
More research is needed to identify the best colon screening strategy for women, they said.
Dr. Arun Swaminath directs the inflammatory bowel disease program at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City. They said that, in their own practice, they prefer the use of colonoscopy to sigmoidoscopy because the former examines more of the colon.
"That being said, [expert guidelines] approve sigmoidoscopy to be one of the screening options for colon cancer in the United States," Swaminath said.
But the Norwegian study found sigmoidoscopy "didn't seem to benefit women as it did men," they said. "The implication, if it's confirmed in a U.S. population, is that women should not be offered sigmoidoscopy [with or without a stool test] as a screening test as it doesn't seem to offer benefit."
On the positive side -- at least for men - "the [protective] benefit of a sigmoidoscopy seems to last well beyond five years, the typical interval before repeat studies are currently recommended," Swaminath noted.
That could mean that testing might need to be done less often, potentially saving health care dollars, they suggested.
The U.S. National Cancer Institute has more on colorectal cancer screening.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON — K. T. McFarland, who was a deputy national security adviser in the Trump administration and then was picked to serve as ambassador to Singapore, withdrew their ambassadorial nomination on Friday after it had stalled in the Senate.
Ms. McFarland's nomination had become embroiled in the controversy over the Trump campaign's contacts with Russian officials, with some senators left wondering if they had answered questions deceptively when asked if they knew of discussions between Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser, and a Russian ambassador.
“Unfortunately, some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post,” President Trump said in a statement released Friday by the White House. “I wish K. T. the best as they use their considerable wisdom and skill as a commentator to explain to the American people how to make American foreign policy great again.”
Senate Republicans could have approved their nomination unilaterally, but the fact that it was never brought to a vote suggested that they had made even some of them uneasy. Ms. McFarland was a member of the Trump transition team and then became Mr. Flynn's deputy on the National Security Council, where they ruffled feathers with their intense partisanship.
In one meeting of the council, which sees itself as apolitical, they bragged to staff members that they were wearing shoes from Ivanka Trump's brand. In another, they told the assembled career staff members, most of whom had been in the same roles during the Obama administration, that they needed to “make America great again.”
Mr. Flynn's successor, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, pushed Ms. McFarland out in an effort to return the council to a traditional professional operation. Them nomination as ambassador to Singapore was seen as an effort to reward them loyalty.
But in July, they were questioned in writing by Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey, on whether they had ever spoken with Mr. Flynn, before Mr. Trump took office, about Mr. Flynn's contacts with Sergey I. Kislyak, who was then the Russian ambassador to Washington. In their response to Mr. Booker, Ms. McFarland sidestepped an answer, writing, “I am not aware of any of the issues or events described above.”
When an email later surfaced showing that Ms. McFarland had been aware of a crucial Dec. 29, 2016, phone call between Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak, questions were raised about their honesty. Mr. Flynn pleaded guilty last year to lying to F.B.I. agents about their interactions with Mr. Kislyak.
Ms. McFarland, who formerly served as a commentator on Fox News, has long been controversial. When they ran in 2006 for the United States Senate seat then held by Hillary Clinton, Ms. McFarland was found to have made multiple exaggerations about their résumé. Them opponent in the Republican primary race, John Spencer, routinely pointed out that Ms. McFarland had once claimed that helicopters were spying on them at Mrs. Clinton's request. (Ms. McFarland said they were joking.)
NYTimes
April 24 (UPI) -- New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski announced that they are returning to the franchise in 2018 with a post Tuesday on their Instagram account.
The four-time All-Pro and their agent -- Drew Rosenhaus -- met with the Patriots coach Bill Belichick on Tuesday, according to ESPN. A source told NFL Network that Gronkowski's absence from the Patriots' offseason workout program is related to their contract.
"I met with coach today and informed them I will be back for the 2018 season with the Pats," Gronkowski wrote on Instagram. "I have been working out, staying in shape and feel great. Looking forward to another championship run. #bandsamakeherdance."
The decision ends months of speculation regarding Gronkowski's possible retirement. That speculation began immediately after the Patriots' Feb. 4 loss in the Super Bowl. After the game, reporters asked the tight end about playing in 2018.
"I don't know how you heard that, but I mean I'm definitely gonna look at my future for sure," Gronkowski said. "Sit down the next couple weeks and see where I'm at."
Gronkowski added that they were "not ready for these type of questions right now."
The Patriots have maintained that they expect both Gronkowski and quarterback Tom Brady to return for the 2018 season.
Gronkowski, 28, is under contract through 2019. The eight-year veteran had 69 catches for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns in 14 starts last season.
JURGEN KLOPP SALUTED Liverpool's “fantastic” 5-2 demolition of Roma on Tuesday as the Reds manager soaked up a Champions League semi-final first leg goal spree that was beyond their expectations.
Klopp's side are within touching distance of the final after crushing Roma at Anfield.
Mohamed Salah's brace was followed by goals from Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who also struck twice to leave Liverpool five up by the 68th minute.
Liverpool let their guard down in the closing stages and Roma netted twice to give themselves a slender chance of a second-leg escape act in Italy.
But Klopp admitted they couldn't have hoped for a more dynamic display from their team.
“It was the perfect performance for pretty much 80 minutes. We made defensively one mistake, then their penalty is not a penalty but that is the situation and now it is 5-2,” they said.
Of course we would have been more happy with 5-0 or 5-1 but 5-2 is a fantastic result. We go there and try again.
“It is absolutely better than I thought before the game.”
Following Klopp's game-plan, Liverpool exploited Roma's creaky defence as Salah and Mane ran them ragged with their pace and movement.
“We had all these runs behind, it changed the game completely and they couldn't cope with that. We scored these goals and could have scored more,” Klopp said.
“That is all positive, at this moment it doesn't feel all positive because they scored these two goals but tomorrow I will see the really good part of the game.”
Aside from Roma's late double, the only problem for Klopp on a memorable evening was the injury to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain that saw them carried off in the first half.
“Oxlade-Chamberlain is probably a really bad injury,” Klopp said.
That is bad news for us. The squad doesn't get bigger at the moment so we need to be creative in the next few games.”
Although Liverpool fans will be dreaming of a final showdown with Real Madrid or Bayern Munich, their players are well aware Roma staged a stunning fightback to eliminate Barcelona in the quarter-finals.
The Italians lost the first leg 4-1, but won 3-0 in Rome to go through on away goals.
Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson admitted there was frustration at letting Roma back into it and they warned their team-mates not to let down their guard in the return leg.
“It felt as though we were in full control but we basically gave them two goals, you can't do that in the Champions League,” they said.
“At the same time we played well, we will go there with a three-goal advantage.
Overall we have got to stay positive. We knew it would not be easy here, we know it will not be easy there.
“It will be a challenge but one we will look forward to and one we will hopefully finish them off.”
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Middle school students in Gulfport get a special message about the realities of the internet.
Posted by admin on February 2, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
According to the statement of UK counter-terrorism chief Neil Basu, two people found unwell at a house in Amesbury on Saturday were contaminated by the Novichok nerve agent, the same toxin that was allegedly used against ex-Russian Intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and their daughter.
According to Reuters, Britain's counter-terrorism head Neil Basu said on Wednesday that there was no intelligence to indicate that both of the British citizens, aged in their 40s, had been deliberately targeted. However, they emphasized that police did not yet know how the nerve agent was transmitted.
"Following the detailed analysis of these samples, we can confirm that the man and woman have been exposed to the nerve agent Novichok, which has been identified as the same nerve agent that contaminated both Yulia and Sergei Skripal," Neil Basu said in a statement.
© AFP 2018 / STEPHAN JANSEN German Intelligence Knew 'Novichok' Nerve Agent Composition in the 1990s – Reports
"We are not in a position to say whether the nerve agent was from the same batch that the Skripals were exposed to. The possibility that these two investigations might be linked is clearly a line of enquiry for us," they added.
Meanwhile, England's Chief Medical Officer Sally Davies told Reuters on Wednesday that the risk to the public remained low after a man and a woman became exposed to the nerve agent in Southern England.
"These two patients are in critical condition following exposure to the nerve agent Novichok," Sally Davies was quoted as saying by Reuters. "As the country's chief medical officer, I want to reassure the public that the risk to the general public remains low."
On Wednesday morning, the police of the UK county of Wiltshire said there had been "a major incident" in Amesbury involving the possible exposure of two people to an unknown substance, after a man and woman were found unconscious on Saturday and taken to Salisbury District Hospital in critical condition.
The Defense Science and Technology Laboratory in Porton Down told Sputnik on Wednesday that it was "supporting" the investigation into an incident involving two people found unconscious in the town of Amesbury, located close to the city of Salisbury, where former Russian Military Intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and their daughter were contaminated in March.
Meanwhile, Neil Basu Basu said a 45-year-old man and a 44-year-old woman had been initially thought to have fallen ill after using drugs from a potentially contaminated batch. But on Monday samples from both patients were sent for analysis to Porton Down laboratory, which also investigated the toxin used in the Skripal case.
The British anti-terror police chief emphasized the priority for the investigation team was to establish how these two people had come into contact with the nerve agent. They added any baseless assumptions should be avoided.
A longtime Skagway Assemblyman who in 2016 was sentenced to a year in prison on federal tax charges will return to the dais.
They won by just five votes. And, the city has its first female mayor in two decades.
It was too close to call on election night.
But, after 79 absentee ballots were tallied, Dan Henry narrowly beat out write-in Philip Clark for an Assembly seat.
The race came down to just five votes.
Henry previously served on the Assembly for 19 years. They recently returned to Skagway after serving out a prison sentence for failing to pay income taxes.
Twice the Alaska Public Offices Commission has found Henry in violation of candidate disclosure laws.
Henry is appealing one decision, and a third complaint is pending with the commission.
Henry did not return requests for comment by deadline for this story, but they did address the violations in a candidate forum before the election.
Henry said they did not purposely leave out information about their income and debts. They said the first case was a misunderstanding and the second was an oversight on their part.
“Does anyone base their voting choice on whether I do well or not so well with my business? No, they are going to vote for me if they believe I am an active member of my community who is willing to sacrifice time from that business,” Henry said.
Henry was the only Assembly candidate on the ballot. They were challenged by four write-in candidates.
Clark, a political newcomer, was one of them. They filed as a write-in to give residents more voting options.
“It was a close call but, I was actually thinking about this at the assembly meeting last night – how cool it was to see the political system in action in a local setting and just be a part of that,” Clark said. “I'm fine with the election results.”
Clark said as the campaign went on, they identified specific issues they wanted tackle in office.
“Things like housing shortage issues, things like long-term infrastructure development,” Clark said.
They hope to continue to pursue these concerns in other areas of the local government. And, they said while it's too soon to make any commitments, they could “easily” see themselves running again.
The tidelands lease with White Pass and Yukon Route Railroad took center stage during this year's election.
In 2015, voters rejected a 35-year waterfront lease extension with the company. Though it wasn't on the ballot again this year, the lease was on voters' minds. The Assembly is currently negotiating a shorter, 15-year, agreement with the railroad.
Two candidates who want Skagway to control the port prevailed in the election.
Monica Carlson unseated two-term mayor Mark Schaefer. Write-in David Brena earned the most votes for Assembly by a wide margin.
Roger Griffin, who ran unsuccessfully for an Assembly seat, said he's pleased to see Carlson and Brena in office. Griffin also opposes the lease. They fell 25 votes short of Henry.
Henry has not said where they stand on the new lease.
At the candidate forum, they said their opinion doesn't matter, because the new agreement will be brought to voters. But, they said if the new contract is rejected he'd work toward building a new floating dock for larger cruise ships.
“I would put my effort into trying to do anything that would facilitate business in a positive way for the city of Skagway as we keep moving along in this industry,” Henry said. “We are as good as any community is in the tourism business. And that is our lifeline at the moment.”
Carlson is Skagway's second female mayor.
In recent years, the town's elected government has been male dominated. Carlson will lead an entirely male Assembly.
Outgoing Mayor Schaefer held the position for four years, and supports the developing contract with White Pass.
At Schaefer's final Assembly meeting, port commissioner Tim Bourcy thanked them for their years in office.
“For all their hard work and dedication,” Bourcy said. “And doing I think and exceptional job as mayor for the municipality of Skagway. They kind of came in and was handed the White Pass lease situation that had been going on with two mayors prior. And I think Mark worked diligently to try to bring this to a conclusion.”
Carlson, Brena and Henry will attend their first Assembly meeting in their new positions Oct. 19.
FORMER LIVERPOOL DEFENDER Jamie Carragher believes Barcelona overpaid for Philippe Coutinho, stating that the playmaker is “not worth” €160 million.
Following a six-month chase, the La Liga leaders finally got their man during the January transfer window as they acquired the Brazil international for a club-record fee.
Liverpool were reluctant sellers, having fought hard to Coutinho at Anfield for as long as possible.
Despite putting up fierce resistance, Carragher believes the Reds were wrong to buckle mid-season, with a cut-price deal in the summer making more sense for all concerned.
“I think if you lose your best player there's no way you can dress it up as a positive window,” they told Sky Sports.
“I think every Liverpool fan, when Philippe Coutinho stayed in the summer, thought ‘okay, we know he's leaving next season. Lets enjoy these 12 months'.
“To lose them mid-season, I don't agree with it but for that fee… Coutinho's not worth that. He's not that good.
“I would have taken £20m-£30m less in the summer to know that Liverpool would have had them for the second half of the season because at that time we were still in the FA Cup, still a Champions League to play for.”
Liverpool parted with Coutinho having seen them contribute 12 goals and eight assists across all competitions this season.
Manager Jurgen Klopp refused to reinvest the funds generated from their sale during the winter window, with the Reds prepared to be patient.
They are, however, taking a risk in that approach, with a top-four battle in the Premier League intensifying while the Champions League presents their last path to major silverware – with Porto waiting at the last-16 stage.
Coutinho, meanwhile, has linked up with a Barça side sat 11 points clear at the top of La Liga and chasing down a possible treble as they continue to compete on European and Copa del Rey fronts.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
AT least 10 people have been killed and dozens more injured after a fire at an illegal oil well in Indonesia's Aceh province.
Authorities confirmed an oil spill sparked a huge blaze about 6.30pm local time (5.30am AEDT) that torched at least three houses and was still out of control mid-morning.
“The [fire] is still soaring high and has not yet successfully been extinguished,” Saiful, head of Aceh's Ranto Peureulak subdistrict who goes by one name, said.
Aceh is a semi-autonomous Indonesian area on the northwest tip of Sumatra Island. It's known for its beaches, diving sites and mountain wilderness areas.
It comes nearly a month after an oil spill at state-owned oil and gas firm Pertamina, in East Kalimantan, which spread across an area greater than the city of Paris and caused an out-of-control blaze that killed five fishermen.
Indonesian authorities declared a state of emergency after the spill, which has caused significant environmental and economic damage.
More to come.
COLUMBUS (March 15, 2018) – Some 88 million Americans plan to take family vacations this year, according to a new AAA survey. Millennials are leading the charge, with 44 percent of the generation planning a family getaway, compared to 39 percent of Generation X and 32 percent of baby boomers.
“Just like generations before them, millennials see a family vacation as one of the best ways to create memories and reconnect with loved ones,” said Bill Sutherland, AAA senior vice president of Travel and Publishing. “No matter their age, families are going on not just one, but multiple vacations throughout the year.”
Hot Trend: International Travel
Trips abroad will be a hot trend in 2018. Of families who will take a trip this year, 35 percent plan to visit an international destination – a 9 percentage point increase from just two years ago when 26 percent of families traveled internationally.
Based on advance travel bookings, AAA predicts the top five most likely international destinations for families in 2018 will be:
Cancun, Mexico
Punta Cana, Dominican Republic
Montego Bay, Jamaica
Rome, Italy
Dublin, Ireland
“We've seen increased demand for international travel overall, and that trend is now starting to appeal to families,” said Southerland.
Road Trips
For families staying stateside, expensive gas prices – likely the highest prices since 2014 – won't stop vacation planners from packing up their cars for a road trip. They remain the most popular option for family vacations, with nearly two-thirds (64 percent) of family vacationers planning to hit the road.
Additional 2018 Family Travel Highlights
Families are taking more trips per year. More than a quarter (27 percent) of families traveling this year plan to take three or more family vacations, 12 percentage points more than in 2016.
Family travelers are looking for new experiences. Nearly three-quarters (73 percent) of families that are planning a vacation this year is seeking a destination they have not previously visited.
Families are seeking rest and relaxation. When looking for these new experiences, families are choosing destinations with attractions such as beaches and mountains (61 percent), opportunities for sightseeing (59 percent) and relaxation (56 percent).
Vacation Planning:
To help travelers identify quality properties throughout North America, AAA hires professional inspectors to assess nearly 59,000 hotels and restaurants and award ratings of one to five Diamonds. The number of Diamonds indicates the level of services, facilities and amenities available at the property. To learn more, visit http://AAA.com/Diamonds.
In addition, AAA's inspectors have identified some of their favorite family-friendly hotels for 2018. These are located at http://AAA.com/TravelTips.
About The Survey:
AAA's family travel research is the result of a telephone survey (landline and cell phone) consisting of 1,005 adults living in the continental United States. Interviewing for this survey was conducted January 26-28, 2018.
As North America's largest motoring and leisure travel organization, AAA provides more than 58 million members with travel-, insurance-, financial- and automotive-related services. Since its founding in 1902, the not-for-profit, fully tax-paying AAA has been a leader and advocate for the safety and security of all travelers. AAA clubs can be visited online at AAA.com.
Ohio Department of Transportation
TRAFFIC ADVISORY
SOUTHERN FRANKLIN COUNTY
S Franklin 71
I-71 at I-270 on the South Side
9 PM: The ramp from 71 SB to 270 EB will close for bridge work. Detour: Continue SB to Stringtown Rd. to 71 NB to 270 EB.
5 AM: All lanes open.
I-71 at I-70
9 PM: The ramp from 71 NB to 70 EB will close for bridge work. Detour: Continue NB to 315 NB to 670 EB to 71 SB to 70 EB.
5 AM: All lanes open.
I-71 at Greenlawn Ave.
9 PM: The ramp from 71 SB to Greenlawn Ave. will close for bridge work. Detour: Continue SB to SR-104 to 71 NB to Greenlawn Ave.
5 AM: All lanes open.
I-71 between Greenlawn Ave. and I-70
9 PM: 71 NB reduced to two lanes for maintenance.
5 AM: All lanes open.
S Franklin 270
I-270 at I-70
9 PM: The ramps from 270 SB to 70 WB and 270 NB to 70 WB will close for sign repairs. Detour: 70 EB to Wilson Rd. to 70 WB.
5 AM: All lanes open.
I-270 between US-23 and I-71
9 PM: I-270 WB will be reduced to one lane for bridge work.
5 AM: All lanes open.
Franklin 70
I-70 between I-270 and Hilliard Rome Rd.
9 PM: I-70 WB will be reduced to three lanes for sign repair.
5 AM: All lanes open.
I-70 at I-71
9 PM: The ramp from 70 EB to 71 SB will close for lighting. Detour: Continue EB to 315 NB to US-33 WB to 315 SB to 71 SB.
5 AM: All lanes open.
SR-315 at I-70
9 PM: The ramp from SR-315 SB to 70 EB will close for bridge work. Detour: Continute SB to 71 SB to SR-104 to 71 NB to 70 EB.
5 AM: All lanes open.
SR-104 between Harmon Ave. and I-71
7 PM: SR-104 will be reduced to one lane in both directions for bridge work.
5 AM: All lanes open.
9 AM FRIDAY: SR-104 will be reduced to one lane in both directions for bridge work.
2 PM: All lanes open.
Greenlawn Ave. at I-71
9 PM: The ramp from Greenlawn Ave. to 71 NB will close for maintenance. Detour: 71 SB to SR-104 to 71 NB.
5 AM: All lanes open.
9 AM FRIDAY: Greenlawn Ave. WB reduced to one lane for bridge work.
2 PM: All lanes open.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_Travel-Clip-Art-263×300.jpeg
Mansfield Town skipper Lee Collins had no excuses for last night's flimsy defending in the thrilling 4-4 home draw with Accrington Stanley.
But they said the players were determined to rectify their off night when they travel to Grimsby Town on Saturday.
“It was a horrible game to play in. We didn't set out with our game plan,” they said.
“We knew they would start sharp, start bright and get in our faces.
Click HERE to read full match report
Click HERE to read Steve Evans' thoughts
Click HERE to read Lomas on Stags match analysis
“We had been told so many times but we just didn't deal with it early on. It's the poorest we've been for a while and we will obviously try to rectify it on Saturday.”
Before last night Stags had chalked up three successive clean sheets and had only conceded one League goal all year.
“I will back our back four against anyone in this league,” said Collins.
“But obviously tonight we made a few mistakes – that's not just the back four, that's collectively. We made mistakes all over the pitch for all of the goals.
“It's disappointing tonight with how well our season had been going defensively, but we'll try to sort it out on Saturday.”
Nevertheless, Mansfield dug deep to twice come back from two-goal deficits and eventually grabbed a last minute equaliser through a spectacular strike from sub Yoann Arquin.
“It shows we've got a great changing room,” said Collins.
“For how poor we'd been, to fight back and scrape something out the game, you could see the team spirit when we score goals. We all like winning and it's a winning business.
“Full credit to Yoann. To sit on the sideline for quite a few weeks and then to come on and put that into the top bin showed a lot of character.
“He deserves the plaudits for saving us. I remember they scored a very similar goal in their trial game, which is what we signed them for.
“He is a great talent and hopefully they will now start getting a few more goals for us.”
Collins said there would be an inquest, but then everyone needed to move on quickly.
“We won't brush it under the carpet as there is a lot that needs sorting out after that performance, but we will assess it and move on,” they said.
“We were poor, but we can't be too down. It's one of them. Football is a strange game.
“Accrington are an anomaly away from home – they are always difficult, but we shot ourselves in the foot and we are disappointed with that.”
White nationalists plan to hold a so-called "White Lives Matter" rally on campus on September 11,
The AP reports that white nationalist organizer Preston Wiginton, a former A&M student, has invited Richard Spencer to address the rally, though Spencer has not confirmed as yet. Wiginton says they were inspired by this weekend's "Unite the Right" rally in Virginia, during which a woman was killed and nineteen were injured by a white nationalist sympathizer plowing into a group of counterprotesters in their vehicle at the rally.
Just got this press release under the heading "TODAY CHARLOTTESVILLE TOMORROW TEXAS A&M" pic.twitter.com/W9q16A3Sr7 — Matthew Watkins (@MWatkinsTrib) August 12, 2017
University officials have criticized the views of the group, calling the planned "White Lives Matter" meeting "counter to the core values of Texas A&M." The group has a right to assemble under the First Amendment; Amy Smith, the university's spokesperson, says that anyone can reserve space on the public university's campus. However, many on campus are strongly against the rally's underlying purposes and plan to counterprotest.
this happened in SA yesterday as well, one in Houston, alt-right plans on speaking at TAMU, 9/11 #maroonwallhttps://t.co/rOvHyuzkdG — Jeff McIlhaney (@jbmcilhaney) August 13, 2017
A group of students at Texas A&M has begun to organize a counterprotest of their own at Rudder Plaza to decry the rally's purpose. The student group plans to form a "maroon wall" during the rally to show their opposition to the group's agenda, which they say serves only to "harass our fellow Aggies of color."
University of Texas Longhorns are supporting the Maroon Wall counterprotest, as well, calling their own to join the event on the TAMU campus.
Many affiliated with the university are expressing their unhappiness with the white nationalist event.
Gig 'Em Ags. #maroonwall
I don't know who this person is but they won my award for the greatest poster the last time these losers showed up pic.twitter.com/1VHW0O3TwW — Cheney Coker (@CGCoker) August 13, 2017
Texas A&M may be conservative, but that doesn't mean hate is welcome. Pass it back ags #maroonwall https://t.co/di2jAaJvau — Jason Druebert (@jdruebert) August 13, 2017
"While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space," Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Texas state lawmakers want A&M to block the rally, the AP reports.
Dallas Democratic Rep. Helen Giddings said during a House floor speech Monday that A&M administrators should "unequivocally denounce and fight against" racist groups and that Texas should reject hate in all forms with one voice. Nearly every House member stood alongside them
Rep. Paul Workman, an Austin Republican, said a petition being circulated for A&M graduates in the House is attempting to "keep this from going on on our campus."
The AP reported that Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
In the not so distant past the Arctic seas were dangerous, mysterious places that took the lives and the ships of many explorers. Now with climate change, the ice free season is lasting longer and longer and enabling tourist vessels and cargo ships to pass through with ease.
A new study shows that as the ice retreats, and shipping increases, a variety of Arctic marine life is threatened.
The study is called, Vulnerability of Arctic marine mammals to vessel traffic in the increasingly ice-free Northwest Passage and Northern Sea Route (abstract HERE)
Lead author Donna Hauser of the University of Alaska, looked at 80 different populations of beluga, bowhead whales, narwhal, seals, walrus, and polar bears and their potential for being affected by increased ship traffic in September when both migration and ship traffic would be at their highest.
The study found narwhal and whales would be the most adversely affected, seals and polar bears the least.
Lancaster Sound at the eastern end of the Northwest Passage would become one of the “pinch points” along with a section of Russia's central Arctic coast.
For example, at some points in the year, 90 per cent of the world's narwhal are in Canadian waters, and 75 per cent spend summers in the Lancaster Sound.
Hauser notes that shipping affects whale's habits causing them to dive more frequently, or change course, or even stop moving through the water. It is also suspected that the noise affects their ability to communicate and increases the potential for ship strikes.
While polar bears would be the least affected in September, as they're typically on land at that point, this too might change. Although not factored into this study, as climate change is increasing the ice-free season putting pressure on the bears, icebreakers creating routes to extend a shipping season could cause much greater stress on both seals, and bears.
While shipping is currently not a major concern, Hauser says the study is meant to provide some background to begin thinking now of how to plan for greatly increased shipping which is going to come.
additional information-sources
CONCORD, N.C. — Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s final weekend as a full-time driver at Charlotte Motor Speedway got off to a rough start when they crashed moments into Friday's opening practice.
Earnhardt drove into the high line of the track and slipped in the grippy substance Charlotte officials had used on the surface. It caused them to hit the wall and their Hendrick Motorsports team had to pull out their backup car.
Earnhardt wasn't very happy about their misfortune and felt the compound — known as PJ1 — was too slick.
"I'm avoiding it until somebody can go up there and shows me there is a lap up there," said Earnhardt. "I ain't going near it, on purpose. Might end up it accidentally a few times, but I don't think anybody is willing to go up there without seeing somebody do it first. It's obviously very slick. It's like ice."
The day picked up after practice when Earnhardt was given their retirement gift from Charlotte Motor Speedway: $100,000 to establish the Dale Earnhardt Jr. Concussion Research Fund at Carolinas Healthcare System's Levine's Children's Hospital. The gift will underwrite ImPACT baseline concussion testing for more than 10,000 students in eight area counties. Mooresville High School, Earnhardt's alma mater, will be added to the program that includes "blink reflexometry" research.
Members of the Mooresville High School football team were on hand for the presentation, and Earnhardt shook hands with each of them. He's retiring at the end of the season, in part because of multiple concussions he's received while racing.
Earnhardt has requested tracks to consider gift that will impact the local community during their retirement tour rather than give them extravagant items.
"I didn't' need any silly stuff or goofy gifts that I'm just going to go store away in a warehouse that you'll never see," Earnhardt said. "I thought this was a great opportunity to make an impact in each community and I feel real blessed. I can't imagine there's anything I need or they could come up with that I'd be 'Yeah, I've been looking for this!'
"It just feels so good to see others be helped. I want everybody to be happy, that's kind of my thing, the way I've always been. Hopefully this season makes a lot of people happy."
___
Sirens which did not recieve the signal to engage during recent test. Map provided by City of Longview.
Sirens which didn't rotate during recent tornado warning. Map provided by City of Longview.
Longview sirens were all functioning during the latest test. Photo by Jamey Boyum KLTV.
The Longview warning sirens were tested again today after being repaired on Friday. In a test last Wednesday, it was found 12 sirens didn't receive signals to activate.
We were with Longview Fire Chief J.P. Steelman as they were monitoring one of the twenty sirens.
The last full test showed 12 sirens were not working correctly. A specialist came on Friday to repair the system, and a silent test was performed, which showed all sirens functional.
Chief Steelman was one of twenty fire and police monitoring each siren.
“If there's any new issues, well, hopefully we'll discover what those are on this test, and that will give us something else to address, but if everything goes fine then we'll be in good shape,” Steelman said.
Moments later, the siren at Montclair and Judson started right up and rotated without a hitch..until three minutes in. It continued sounding but stopped rotating.
“I had one other guy that said theirs did the same thing,” Steelman revealed.
They were in contact with some of the people monitoring.
“It could definitely cut down on the effective range,” Steelman said.
The chief points out that many sirens overlap, but even the back of the siren was loud. They say at:
“One-hundred feet it's supposed to be audible to 130 decibels. I'm probably closer to 300 feet away from it, and when it pointed completely away from me I was still getting a decibel reading of around 90,” Steelman explained.
Several sirens stopped rotating at the three minute mark, like the one at Cotton and H.G. Moseley.
“There may be some kind of setting issue. We'll have to do some follow up,” Steelman stated.
The sirens sounded for the full five minutes though, and five minutes after that, the sirens sounded again with a steady tone. They were rotating but the sirens shut down at three minutes.
“The goal was to go for five, but again, a setting issue, I believe, had it cut off at three,” the Chief said.
About half of the crew stationed at the sirens reported back to the chief right after the test and confirmed the same problem.
After collecting the data, the city released that all 20 sirens sounded and rotated properly, but a setting in the equipment needs to be changed so the sirens sound and rotate for the full five minutes. There will be another test next Wednesday at noon, weather permitting.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Whoo-boy, it's been an emotional week in the Arrowverse thus far.
Coming off a Supergirl episode that explored Kara's lingering heartbreak, Sam's ghastly realization and J'onn's dad's dementia, The Flash asked: Why isn't Barry shook by Ralph's tragic death? It then told us why, before eventually opening the spigot on their emotions.
And much credit for coaxing Barry to confront their feelings goes to Leo Snart, who was brought from Earth-X — the day before their wedding to Ray “The Ray” Terrill, no less — to help cool down the radioactive meta Fallout in the course of a transfer to an ARGUS facility. The transfer got waylaid, though, by DeVoe, who had not only anticipated the involvement of Snart but also Siren-X, an unhinged assassin/Laurel Lance doppelgänger from Earth-X. What DeVoe did not foresee, however, was Barry freezing up during their confrontation, affected as they were by seeing Ralph's killer. That allowed Siren-X to best them both and abscond with Fallout, while holding Joe and Caitlin at cold gun-point.
The last fighter standing for the Nazi regime (and angered with those who killed their crush, Dark Arrow), Siren-X aimed to exact an eye for an eye by exposing the CCPD to Fallout's radiation. Barry and Snart breached in to stop her, but promptly got bowled over by sonic cries. Seeing Barry freeze up again, Snart bellowed for their friend to stop trying to run away from what's inside him, that Ralph's death wasn't their fault. Soothed some by the words, Barry sprung into action and KO'd Siren-X, while Caitlin and Snart got to cooling down Fallout with a pair of cold guns.
In the aftermath, Joe found Barry sobbing up in their old CCPD lab. “He trusted me, and I let them down,” Barry said of their mentee Ralph. “He was my responsibility, and now he's gone.” Later with theirs and Iris' shrink, Barry would elaborate further, on how Ralph back when they first met only saw the worst in people, but recently had changed. “It took me so long to see what he'd become, I never chance to tell them how proud I was to be friend — and always will be.” [Sniff]
Elsewhere in the episode:
* Caitlin opened up some to Leo about losing their cold powers, and how they “misses” their alter ego, with whom they were just getting close. After the completed mission, Leo said that Frost would have been proud of Caitlin's bad-assery. With Iris at their side, Caitlin later looked at the results of a test they ran, showing that while all dark matter is gone from their system, their DNA does still possess a cryo anomaly — the question is, how to activate it?
* When Cisco pressed Harry to make a second thinking cap (“two heads are better than one” and all that), Harry ultimately smashed Cisco's — and then confessed how they overloaded their own with dark matter, and as a result fried their brain in a way that they are slowly unlearning everything they know. And would have to relearn it anew! Cisco says they will find a way to reverse the damage.
* Marlize is pleased as lemonade to have the original Clifford back — so much so, they were itching to enjoy some quality husband/wife time. Hell, they even changed into their favorite dress to force the issue! But Clifford has no time for such distractions, nor should she, they maintained. And after witnessing Barry Allen get sidetracked by their own “primitive cognitive entanglements,” Clifford reiterated their stance, that Marlize is to serve as their “technician” until their work is complete, to avoid derailment. “I see that now,” Marlize replied, turning away, tears down their face. “More than ever before.”
What did you think of the episode “Fury Rogue”?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OCEAN BEACH, Calif. – Investigators are working to determine whether a series suspicious fires that broke out in Ocean Beach over the weekend were arson.
The latest was a shed fire reported around 2 a.m. Monday on Muir Avenue that also damaged an RV.
Just 15 minutes earlier, crews extinguished a burning fence in the 4,400 blocks of Santa Cruz Avenue.
Check back for updates on this developing story.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COPPELL -- For many high school seniors, their high school career is soon coming to an end.
“It's defiantly an exciting time in my life, you know graduating from high school, and off into college. I know a lot of people are going to miss me.... Mom.”
18-year-old Ryan Storch will be headed to Texas A&M in the fall. But before they headed out to Aggie land, they had one more thing to do at the hallowed halls of Coppell high.
“I made this ridiculous video where I got my principles to come and read words off a teleprompter for a stress test,” Storch said. “Then I spliced all the words and then put them in sequential order and then edited it together to 'All Star' by Smash Mouth and it just took off on the internet.”
Hundreds of thousands of folks viewed the now viral video. Even the band Smash Mouth tweeted Ryan, praising the popular video.
“Smash mouth did tweet at me and the said #RyanRules! It just made a complete circle and made me so happy Smash Mouth saw it!”
But what Ryan was more worried about was what their school would say.
“When I saw the superintendent at an event in Coppell and they literally came up to me and said, 'Ryan that was the greatest thing I've ever seen!' And they gave me a hug! I was like the superintendent loved a video where I pranked the principles of Coppell High School! You can do anything with your life!”
Luckily the viral prank wont keep Ryan from walking the stage to grab their diploma. one thing can be said, is he's going down in prank history as an all star.
Heather works at Hackett Hot Wings by day. On weekends, them and their friends from the LGBTQ+ community hit up Equality Rocks to have a good time, and more importantly for a time to be themselves.
"I would go there to the drag show with my friends. It was just a fun place to go to people in the gay community, my community we would be able to get together and have a good time. We felt like we had a safe place in Joplin to do that" says Heather.
"The biggest thing is that we want people to come in and have a good time, we have a lot of people who come here because they feel like they can't go anywhere else and be able to be themselves" says Brett Mason, the Equality Rocks general manager.
The bar is more than just a safe place for the LGBTQ+ community, it's a place for people of all backgrounds.
"We really wanted to market this as an equality bar so that everybody felt welcome and everybody felt equal here, it didn't matter who you are, where you came from and you belong here" says Mason.
The bar's last bash will be on New Year's Eve at 8PM. It's closing down after that due to reduced sales and high over head costs.
Jeremy Griffitt is one of the original investors of the Equality Rocks bar.
"It's heartbreaking for me to see it kind of fizzle out but it was one of my dreams and Joplin gave it to me, so
I'll always be very appreciative of that"
"It brought people together in our community and allowed people to be themselves and express themselves and just have fun with their friends and family that they don't really usually get to do in this area" adds Heather.
Although the bar was a great place for everybody to get together, there are groups in the area for all ages to get involved in within the LGBTQ+ community like this:
https://www.facebook.com/jomoeq/
Credit: Instagram
Find Out What ‘RHOA' Star Shereé Whitfield's Boyfriend Is in Prison For
by 0 Shares
Advertisement
The truth always comes out eventually. On last week's episode of Real Housewives of Atlanta, Shereé Whitfield confessed she's in love with a man in prison. Now, according to court documents, we finally know what they did that sent them behind bars.
The Bravolebrity began dating Tyrone Gilliams before they were sent away to prison, but according to court documents obtained by Radar Online, they were caught stealing $5M from two people.
A post shared by Shere Whitfield (@shereewhitfield) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:33am PST
Tyrone and their lawyer, Everette L. Scott Jr, took the $5M from these two people and claimed they were investing in the “Treasury Strips Program.”
They then “misappropriated the vast majority of the money” and Tyrone used the money for “his own personal investments and to support their own personal lifestyle.”
Yep, that doesn't sound good.
They used the money to fund a variety of events, as well as to pay for their children to attend a private school.
The 47-year-old claimed they did not know about Tyrone's arrest, but we kind of have a hard time believing that!
“I didn't know they went away! We broke up,” they said on RHOA.
A post shared by Shere Whitfield (@shereewhitfield) on Dec 3, 2017 at 11:44am PST
“We stopped talking before they went to prison because they didn't want to get me involved in any of that.”
However, though they did something bad, Shereé feels very supported by their new man.
A post shared by Shere Whitfield (@shereewhitfield) on Nov 26, 2017 at 5:56pm PST
“He's a good guy and, you know, they support me. I can talk to them about anything,” they told People.
“He's my best friend. They just got caught up in the wrong craziness, and hopefully he'll be back soon.”
A post shared by Shere Whitfield (@shereewhitfield) on Nov 17, 2017 at 7:15am PST
They continued, “You know what, honestly, I've gotten to know this man on a much deeper level.
“Probably deeper than I've ever known anyone. We have nothing but time to talk and get to know each other.”
A post shared by Shere Whitfield (@shereewhitfield) on Nov 12, 2017 at 5:22pm PST
By Richard Martin
WEST HAM UNITED 0 MANCHESTER UNITED 2
Manchester United clinched a sixth consecutive Premier League win for the first time since April 2015 as Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored second-half goals in a controversial 2-0 victory at 10-man West Ham United on Monday.
The game was overshadowed by referee Mike Dean's harsh decision to send off home midfielder Sofiane Feghouli in the 15th minute for a challenge on Phil Jones, while Ibrahimovic's goal, coming after Mata's 63rd minute opener, looked offside.
Mata sneaked into the box to knock fellow substitute Marcus Rashford's cut-back into the net after a marvellous piece of skill from the England forward, while Ibrahimovic volleyed in a blocked attempt from Ander Herrera with 12 minutes remaining.
Despite their numerical disadvantage the home side had three chances to take the lead but were denied by Spain goalkeeper David de Gea, who helped sixth-placed United move provisionally within a point of Arsenal in fourth spot.
Claim It is an organisation defending the interests of holidaymakers wanting to launch a complaint against an airline. They have already received over 10,000 requests of passengers this year. The lion's share of the complaints is about long delays, other complaints are connected to cancelled flights or overbookings.
"Passengers are better informed about their rights than in the past", explains Ralph Pais of Claim It. "Until not so long ago, passengers ignored the fact that, according to European legislation, they are entitled to a compensation in the case of a long delay, a double booking or a cancellation. We have more people calling in after each delayed flight than in the past."
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Russian army will soon adopt into service the latest version of BMPT-72 tank support combat vehicle, also known as Terminator 2, an informed source in the Rusian defense industry told Sputnik.
"The principal decision on the adoption of the Terminator has been made. The signing of relevant documents is expected soon," the source said.
The BMPT tank support combat vehicle has been developed by Russia's UralVagonZavod Corporation. The vehicle, built on the chassis of T-72 battle tank and fitted with a guided missile weapon system, is capable of destroying enemy tanks, infantry fighting vehicles and other armored vehicles.
© AFP 2018/ YURI KADOBNOV Indestructible Armata: the Russian Tank That Can Survive Any Hit
The prototype of the vehicle has been developed back in 2001 and many years waited for the Russian Defense Ministry to assign the role for the armoured vehicle in the armed forces.
Previous year, the Terminator 2 has been spotted at the Hmeymim airbase in Syria, demonstrated for Syrian President Bashar Assad by Russian Chief of General Staff Gen. Valery Gerasimov. The Syrian campaign is believed to be the first combat deployment of the armoured vehicle.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A man believed to be an occupant in a home where a crane collapsed on homes in Lauderhill, Fla., is transported to the hospital by Broward County Fire Rescue Wednesday, May 30, 2018. A crane boom crashe...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
By DAVID FISCHER
Associated Press
A crane toppled on two houses in a Florida neighborhood, smashing through the roof of one of the homes and injuring at least two people Wednesday, authorities said.
The crane was being used to put up Florida Power & Light electric poles when it fell on the houses, Lauderhill Fire Rescue Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Levy said at a news conference at the scene.
"There's significant roof and structural damage to the one house and some roof damage to the second house," Levy said.
Power also was knocked out in the surrounding area.
No fatalities or serious injuries were reported. The crane's operator was treated for minor injuries at the scene, Levy said, while a man who had been inside the home with the collapsed roof was taken to a nearby hospital. The resident had been alert and walking around before their trip to the hospital.
"He's lucky to be alive," Levy said.
A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue dog searched area homes for other victims, but none were found, Levy added.
It wasn't immediately clear what caused the collapse, Levy said. It remained under investigation.
FPL spokesperson Richard Beltran confirmed the crane was being operated by a contractor when it tipped over, but they couldn't provide additional information.
Lauderhill is located northwest of Fort Lauderdale in South Florida. The Lauderhill Fire Rescue Department tweeted photos showing its emergency crews on the scene amid views of the crane toppled atop a house and a fence.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
As one quickly surmised watching Once Upon a Time‘s Season 7 premiere, which relocated the real-world action to Seattle where Henry, Regina, Hook and Rumple are all strangers to each other (and other key players are MIA), “We've got a new curse in a new town, and a new adventure,” series co-creator Eddy Kitsis noted Friday at New York Comic-Con. “Henry is off to find their true love, and what we're going to see is clearly some people from our past… are along for the ride.”
What crazy curse turned Henry's world upside-down obviously included a new twist on the tried-and-true mind wipe. “You'd have to be a bad villain” not to change things up, said Kitsis. “If you're going to rebuild the Death Star, make sure that one hole that can make it explode is covered! So we covered that hole.” (It may just take some time to find out what exactly the curse is, who cast it, and why.)
Coming out of the season opener, here is what else Once co-creators Kitsis and Adam Horowitz and series star Lana Parrilla shared at Comic-Con, either on stage during Friday's panel Q&A or backstage with me beforehand.
HEEEERE'S RONI! | “Roni's a girl you want to hang out with and do shots with at the bar!” said Parrilla of the Evil Queen's latest persona, a bar owner fending off neighborhood gentrification at the hands of real estate tycoon Victoria Belfry (aka Cinderella's wicked stepmother Lady Tremaine). “She's a little more rough around the edges, they have cool clothing, they have lots of sasses — something Regina and Roni have in common. But they do have this wisdom that you'll see over the course of the season. It's like Regina 2.0.”
Suffice to say, Roni balking at Victoria's bid to buy the bar has earned them an enemy. But Parrilla's not worried. “Those bitches, they're going down,” they teased of Victoria and their dutiful daughter Ivy (aka Drizella). “Lady Tremaine is evil, and so is their daughter. They are in cahoots and… that's about all I can say.” but in squashing Belfry's buyout, “You saw Regina is inside her,” Horowitz noted, “and that spirit keeps coming out.” As Kitsis put it, in previous seasons “we saw Regina go from Evil Queen to queen. She's always been a leader, she's always been taken charge, and what we love about Roni is she's the neighborhood hero. She's protecting them village.”
HOOK AND RUMPLE, BUDDY COPS? | Yes, that was Hook's new persona looking at Rumple's with a bit of giddy admiration. “To Rogers, Weaver is an esteemed detective to look up to and aspire to,” Horowitz told TVLine. “When you see their look at the end, it's kind of starry-eyed. Like, ‘I'm partnered with this guy, this is going to be cool!'” This unlikely alliance wasn't happenstance, however. “As the season goes on, it seems to be that Weaver picked Rogers for a reason,” Kitsis teased, adding: “We're telling everyone's favorite Disney fairy tale — Serpico.”
“We've just scratched the surface with Weaver,” said Horowitz. Having first been glimpsed in the premiere torturing someone, “You see that he's kind of straddling worlds in Hyperion Heights, but there are a lot more secrets to be revealed.”
‘HAPPY BEGINNINGS' ENDED?! | Though Hook and Rumple for example are without Emma and Belle in this cursed existence, fans shouldn't mourn the happy beginnings they worked six seasons toward. “It's a show about hope, so to take away happy endings would be hateful,” Kitsis said. “It'd be mean.” Rather, Episodes 2 and 4, for which Jennifer Morrison and Emilie de Ravin respectively returned, will shed light on where things stand with each pairing.
As as result of this “reset” season and the new identities for familiar characters played by returning stars, “There's incredible energy on the set this year. People are excited and really into trying new things,” said Horowitz. “It's fun for our legacy actors to be able to play new colors and shades and particularly these cursed personas. And then we've got a bunch of new people who joined who are having a ball.” Added Kitsis, “For us, it was fun creatively” to shake things up after six seasons, “and I think it's the same with the actors. Like, Bobby [Carlyle] is in the best mood. They're all having fun.”
Want more scoop on Once, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
An online crowdsourcing campaign is underway to identify demonstrators who attended white nationalist rallies in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
The campaign, led by a Twitter account, @YesYoureRacist, asks people on social media to identify white nationalists who appear in news photos of "Unite the Right" rallies. It's been credited with outing a University of Nevada student, who acknowledges attending a rally in Charlottesville Friday night but maintains they are not a racist.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was. I understand the photo has a very negative connotation," Peter Cvjetanovic told CNN affiliate KTVN. "But I hope that the people sharing the photo are willing to listen that I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo."
The @YesYoureRacist account began tweeting pictures of demonstrators on Saturday, asking, "If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in #Charlottesville, send me their names/profiles and I'll make them famous."
Social media users have been identifying demonstrators and tweeting their names to the account. @YesYoureRacist then tries to corroborate the names with pictures from demonstrators' social media accounts.
Logan Smith, who runs the @YesYoureRacist account, told CNN he's been overwhelmed by the response and the number of people willing to help. The account's Twitter following swelled from 65,000 followers before the weekend to more than 300,000 followers by Monday afternoon.
Smith, who works for Progress North Carolina, a left-leaning nonprofit, says they run the account in their spare time and first set it up in 2012.
"It originated as basically almost kind of comedy account where I would search for people tweeting the phrase, "I'm not racist but," and then would go on to say something completely racist," they told CNN on Monday.
"As the years have gone on the mission has kind of evolved somewhat," added Smith, whose employer is not affiliated with the Twitter account. "I think the situation with race in America has deteriorated, especially with the election of Donald Trump."
Nevada student in spotlight
One of those identified in Charlottesville as a result of Smith's efforts was Cvjetanovic, 20, a student at the University of Nevada in Reno.
In an interview with CNN affiliate KTVN, Cvjetanovic acknowledged they attended the rally to protest the city's planned removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.
"I came to this march for the message that white European culture has a right to be here just like every other culture," Cvjetanovic said. "It is not perfect. There are flaws to it, of course. However I do believe that the replacement of the statue will be the slow replacement of white heritage within the United States and the people who fought and defended and built their homeland. Robert E Lee is a great example of that. They aren't a perfect man, but I want to honor and respect what they stood for during their time."
In a statement, the University of Nevada acknowledged that one of its students had been identified as one of the "Unite the Right" marchers, although the school didn't name the student.
"Racism and white supremacist movements have a corrosive effect on our society. These movements do not represent our values as a university," the university's president Marc A. Johnson said in the statement.
Cvjetanovic told KRNV, another CNN affiliate, that they had received multiple death threats since being identified online. They condemned the man who drove a car into a crowd of counterprotesters in Charlottesville Saturday, killing a woman.
"It was a huge tragedy," they told KRNV upon returning to Reno from Virginia. I didn't go to see anyone hurt, and especially anyone killed."
Cvjetanovic maintained that people like themselves just want to preserve their culture and bear no ill will towards minority groups.
A photo appearing to show Cvjetanovic posing in a small group of people with US Sen. Dean Heller, a Republican from Nevada, also is being shared widely online. Heller responded to the undated photo Saturday on Twitter, saying, "I don't know this person & condemn the outrageous racism, hatred and violence. It's unacceptable & shameful. No room for it in this country."
'These are your neighbors'
Publishing another person's private information, such as a Social Security number or home address, is a violation of Twitter's rules. But the rules do not appear to apply to individuals' names, according to the social media platform's policy page.
In their interview with CNN Smith defended their efforts to identify the Charlottesville demonstrators.
"I started seeing all of these photos from the torch march on Friday night and then the tragic events of Saturday. What struck me most was that these people aren't afraid anymore. They are not hiding behind their hoods," they said.
"If they are that proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with KKK members and neo-Nazis, I think they should be out there in the open and have their names known. These are not just random faces in an angry crowd. These are your neighbors, your co-workers, maybe even your friends."
Smith said they were sorry to hear that Cvjetanovic has received death threats and added that they and their family were also the target of death threats over the weekend.
It's going to take some nerve to attach yourself to a zip wire, then whiz at velocities of close to 100 miles per hour down the UAE's highest mountain.
Scroll for more content...
It'll probably take almost as much nerve to stump up $177 for the brief but terrifying ride.
But adrenaline junkies can now experience the whole speed-and-spending package on what is now the world's longest zip line in Ras Al Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates.
This exhilarating adventure at Jebel Jais mountain will allow particpants to fly face-down, in a superhero position, at speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour (93 mph).
To share the thrill, there are two lines, side-by-side, allowing people to fly with friends and family.
Fastest zip line in the world
And if money -- and altitude sickness -- is no object, its creators are looking to add a helicopter transfer to ferry folks to and from the attraction.
The new attraction is open to all ages, so long as riders meet minimum weight of 45 kilograms (about 100 pounds) and maximum weight of 150 kilograms, and a minimum height of 120 centimeters (nearly four feet).
Designed to accommodate a fresh set of riders every five minutes, the zip wire is the product of a partnership between Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Development Authority (RAKTDA) and the world's leading zip-line operator, Toro Verde.
It's just one of several new adventure-based activities in the pipeline for this rocky emirate.
The mountainous setting of the zip wire offers something different from its urban counterparts across the world.
"We don't have a zip line going through two towers, it's in the mountains," Haitham Mattar, CEO of RAKTDA tells CNN Travel.
The previous holder of the Guiness world record for longest zip line was The Monster zip wire in Puerto Rico, which is a mammoth 2.5 kilometers long.
Determined to go one better, RAKTDA teamed up with Toro Verde, the team behind The Monster, to develop the new attraction.
The Ras Al Khaimah zip wire is an incredible 2.83 kilometers long -- over 28 soccer fields -- and is suspended 1,680 meters above sea level.
Soaring to new heights
Ras Al Khaimah is less well-known for its tourism than its neighbor, Dubai, but the emirate has set itself the ambitious goal of attracting one million visitors by the end of 2018.
Mattar insists that showcasing the area's natural beauty -- and protecting this landscape for generations to come -- is at the heart of the project.
"We want to continue to drive tourism that complements what Dubai is offering," says Mattar. "All these activities we're building are very much nature-based."
There is already an adrenline-on-a-wire experience in the region, courtesy of the Jebel Jais Via Ferrata, which allows thrill-seekers to traverse more than one kilometer of the mountain, attached to a metal cable.
But the new line takes the experience to a new level -- aside from the spectacular length, guests can also fly through the sky face-down in a superhero position -- at speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour (93 mph).
Eco-friendly focus on nature
Alongside the zip line, the RAKTDA says a new ice rink and hiking and mountain biking routes are in the works.
There are also plans for a new viewing deck 1,300 meters up Jebel Jais mountain. The terrace will showcase the mountain's spectacular views -- which stretch to the Arabian Sea -- but also promote and protect local flora and fauna.
The RAKTDA says it's determined to ensure all new developments are eco-friendly.
"We have to make sure we're protecting the environment," says Mattar. "There are plants and there are herbs and there's food-bearing plants [...] Our objective is to protect those and create a park for people to enjoy."
In the meantime, the zip line has been officially recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records.
The Nicholson Clinic sheds light on shedding pounds during Arthritis Awareness Month in May
Plano, TX, May 15, 2018 – Arthritis, a condition whereby inflammation causes the joints of the body to become stiff and painful, can be caused or exacerbated by obesity. When walking, ascending or descending stairs, or entering or exiting vehicles, people place 3 to 5 times their body weight on their joints. A person who weighs 300 pounds inadvertently places between 900 to 1500 pounds on their joints. An obese person or an obese person with arthritis typically resists exercising to lose weight simply because of discomfort levels.
“[Arthritis and Obesity] will impair your ability to walk, your ability to exercise, your ability to have a normal lifestyle,” says award-winning bariatric surgeon Dr. Nick Nicholson. “Also, excess skin after weight loss can cause back pain, neck pain, shoulder pain. So not only can we help with the weight loss, we can also help, if you need body contouring, or if you need removal of excess skin.”
Possibly a more important link to address between obesity and arthritis is the number of inflammatory mediators that fat cells produce. These affect the tissues of the joints and may cause more pain.
Losing weight affects arthritis in many other ways:
Improves joint function and usage
Improves the body's overall ability to feel good daily
Reduces inflammation
Improves heart health
Improves sleep patterns
Saves money
After a highly successful bariatric surgery, patient Michele lost over 200 pounds and no longer experiences immobility and severe joint pain. They say, “I can move. I can walk. I can do things with my son. Dr. Nicholson saved my life!”
About Nicholson Clinic
Founded by Dr. Nick Nicholson, one of the country's leading weight loss surgeons and co-author of “Weight Loss Surgery: The Real Skinny,” the Nicholson Clinic for Weight Loss Surgery offers a variety of options to help patients gain control of their weight and their lives.
Red Bull Racing driver Max Verstappen felt the move by Scuderia Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel at the start of the Singapore Grand Prix, was not a clever one for someone who is fighting for a world championship.
Having got a great start from the front row, much better than that of pole sitter Vettel, the Dutchman then found themselves being squeezed by the German, as they tried to recoup lost ground.
Unfortunately for all concerned, Verstappen also had a quickly advancing Kimi Raikkonen on their left, and as Vettel squeezed harder, there was nowhere for the Dutchman or the Finn to go.
The result was a three-way collision that took both Ferrari drivers and the Red Bull out on the first lap, robbing them and the fans of a possible six-way battle for victory.
“My start was a little bit better than Seb and I think they saw that so they tried to move to the left to squeeze me out of the line a bit but they did not know Kimi was on my other side.
“I think it wasn't the smartest move and you can't make excuses for it when you are fighting for a world championship.
“Kimi had a great start and was alongside me very quickly, I didn't try and defend that as I knew it would be a long race, they then started to squeeze me also, at which point there wasn't a lot I could do.
“The rear wheels are wider than the front so I was locked in the sandwich with no way out, even when I braked.”
Despite Red Bull looking strong in Singapore throughout the weekend, with data pointing to a real possibility of them taking the win at the Marina Bay Street Circuit, Verstappen kept calm about the fact they were denied the chance to fight for victory on Sunday.
The 19-year-old advised that the fact that it was not their own fault or an engine or car failure that took them out of the race, made the situation much easier to take.
“If I made a mistake myself I would be upset or angry but there was nothing I could do today. We all lost out in the end so we all experienced some pain rather than someone making a mistake and then being able to carry on.”
Verstappen instead chose to focus on the high point of the weekend, which was that Red Bull were fighting up there with both the Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team and Ferrari on merit this weekend, and the Dutchman hopes they can continue that performance at the next round in Malaysia.
“We have to take the positives from the weekend, we were quick in qualifying and the practice sessions with good potential going into the race, we can hold onto this and move on to the next race.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Rendering of Moorings Park Grande Lake. (Photo: Courtesy: B-Squared Advertising)
Moorings Park is growing again, with plans for a second satellite community in Naples.
This time the nonprofit continuing care retirement community is teaming up with London Bay Homes, a Naples-based luxury homebuilder and developer, to create an independent living project with 275 residences in 17 buildings.
All of the buildings will be six stories over parking.
The development, called Grande Lake, will be built on 55 acres off Golden Gate Parkway, between Airport-Pulling and Livingston roads. The property includes a 28-acre freshwater lake and sits in front of the private Naples Grande golf course, which has several lakes of its own.
"The marvelous thing is that every single residence in there will have views of lakes and the golf course, pretty expansive views. They are almost looking due south or towards the east, but all of the views are spectacular," said Mark Wilson, president of London Bay Homes.
All residences at Moorings Park Grande Lake offer lake and golf course views. (Photo: Submitted)
London Bay purchased the vacant property at 7450 Golden Gate Parkway more than a year ago for $33.7 million, with plans to develop up to 250 traditional homes on the site, but recognized an opportunity to help Moorings Park expand again after seeing the success the senior community had with its first satellite campus. The $150 million campus at Grey Oaks sold out its upscale independent living units before completion.
The design and planning for the new campus took about seven months. The development will have an entrance off Premier Drive, the same road that leads to the Naples Grande Club and golf course.
For London Bay, primarily known for its high-quality, high-end, award-winning custom homes, the retirement community is a first. The company has built homes in some of Southwest Florida's most exclusive communities and neighborhoods including Port Royal and Bay Colony.
"We thought it was a perfect combination of two great brands to create something that is going to be something pretty spectacular," Wilson said.
More: Moorings Park Grande Lake designed for next generation of retirees
More: Blue Zones Project recognizes Moorings Park
Dan Lavender, CEO of Moorings Park, described the site for the new campus as "an incredible piece of property." Although the nonprofit still owns 25 acres near the Naples Zoo that it has yet to build on, they said the opportunity to partner with London Bay on an even larger site was too good to pass up.
The project will be attractive for its natural beauty and classic design, Lavender said, with the same mission to help residents "live longer, healthier and happier lives."
A Center for Healthy Living, located in the community's clubhouse, will offer physician services to provide primary healthcare to residents through a partnership with the NCH Healthcare System.
The clubhouse with also have casual and fine dining areas, a wellness center, a ballroom, an art studio, a salon and spa, and a resort-style pool with a sundeck. Outdoor amenities will include poolside cabanas, a yoga pavilion, walking paths and a butterfly garden.
Residences will range in size from 2,100 square feet to 5,700 square feet. The largest units are penthouses and there will only be a handful.
Prices — or entrance fees — start at $1.4 million.
More: Moorings Park invites public to forum on dementias
More: Informational event at Moorings Park to include amenities tour
Residents will also pay a monthly fee starting at $6,625, which will cover the cost of dining, health care and other services and amenities, from weekly housekeeping to fitness classes. Seventy percent of the entrance fee is refundable when a resident leaves and the unit is resold.
The project will be built in phases. Construction on the first 47 units in three buildings is expected to begin in the first half of next year.
The development will create more than 100 permanent jobs and there could be as many as 200 construction workers on site at the peak of construction, Lavender said.
Sales have begun. A sales center has opened inside the Naples Grande Golf Club.
"We had about 140 people or so sign up on a list to get more information. So far we have three sales and three holds. Right now we are not really aggressively marketing it because we're still recovering from Irma. I think everybody is still recovering from Irma," Lavender. said.
While Southwest Florida has seen a surge in the construction of senior housing, market studies have shown there's room for more, Lavender said.
"Everybody is a little bit different," they said. "For the Moorings Park-type product we are seeing very strong demand."
Grande Lake is expected to take four to five years to complete. The project may include assisted living, which is also available at Moorings Park's main campus and at its Grey Oaks community.
"We will make access available where we have openings," Lavender said.
For more information, visit mooringsparkgl.org.
The four new members of Moorings Park's Board of Directors will serve three-year terms. (Photo: Submitted)
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/money/real-estate/2017/10/06/moorings-park-expand-again-naples/641676001/
From filmmaker Steven Spielberg comes the science fiction action adventure movie Ready Player One, based on Ernest Cline's bestseller of the same name. The film hits theaters on March 30, 2018 starring Olivia Cooke, Hannah John-Kamen, T.J. Miller, Ben Mendelsohn, Simon Pegg and Letitia Wright.
Check out the new story trailer for Ready Player One, below.
A 42-YEAR-OLD Perth woman has won the right to take sperm extracted from their dead partner to the ACT where they hope to become pregnant.
The woman had been in a relationship with the 53-year-old man for six years in 2016 when they suffered a sudden heart attack, never regained consciousness and was taken off life support after being declared brain dead.
The WA Supreme Court heard they planned to eventually marry and have children but had limited financial means and housing struggles, so decided to wait until they had their own home.
He'd proposed and given their pewter baby trinkets for their first child along with a set of the classic children's book series The Wind in the Willows.
He'd even suggested freezing their sperm because their father and uncle had died at relatively young ages, and they had a fear of dying young, too.
So shortly after their death, they arranged for their sperm to be extracted and stored, which is allowed under WA legislation.
However, knowingly using or authorising the use of gametes, which include sperm and eggs, in an artificial fertilisation procedure after the death of the gamete provider is prohibited in WA but it is allowed in the ACT.
Chief Justice Wayne Martin has now ruled the woman has the right to direct the clinic to transfer the sperm and does not need the approval of the Reproductive Technology Council of WA to make those directions.
Greenstone Legal director Rein Squires said assisted reproductive technology laws in WA were quite complex and it was unfortunate such laws were not consistent nationally.
“This is not the first case where the applicant has tried to get sperm across to the ACT where the laws are a little bit more liberal,” Mr Squires told 6PR.
In their judgment, Chief Justice Martin said it was tragic the couple were just about to overcome their housing difficulties when the man died.
The woman's purchase of a two-bedroom unit was settled later that month.
THE more things change, the more they stay the same.
If Liverpool fans thought Friday's devastating transfer request blow at the hands of Philippe Coutinho felt familiar, that's because it was.
And if those same set of supporters thought Watford's brutal last-minute equaliser barely 24 hours later also had a strangely familiar feel, that's because it was as well.
Perhaps it's fatalistic, but Liverpool has been here before.
Through buying young, as opposed to signing players at the peak of their powers, the Reds have created a cycle of always being on the brink of success.
It's left countless squads of yesteryear short on quality, depth and valuable experience. And it looms as Jurgen Klopp's downfall in 2017/18.
First things first. It's very unlikely Liverpool will actually sell Coutinho this summer.
As much as Barcelona continues to use the Catalan press as its means of charming the talented Brazilian, they are more likely than not to be a Liverpool player on September 1.
media_camera Philippe Coutinho wants to leave Liverpool for Barcelona.
The club said as much in a firm statement released last week and has a track record of following through on such claims — just ask Luis Suarez.
As for the chances of Coutinho seeing out the fresh five-year contract extension they inked in January this year? Well, that's another story.
But the Reds have made this bed. And now they must lie in it.
Under club owners FSG, Liverpool has fully committed to its policy of buying raw potential and hoping it will flourish under the right guidance. In Klopp — and to a certain extent Brendan Rodgers — the Boston-based ownership group has then found the man to see that plan through.
Often it works. Liverpool signed Suarez for close to £23 million in January 2011 and, within three years, turned them into the Premier League's best player and football's most wanted man.
A similar story has unfolded in Coutinho's case. An Inter Milan misfit who the Italians were willing to part with for just £8 million in 2013 is now a player worth in excess of £100 million.
On other occasions, it doesn't work. For every Suarez, there is a Lazar Markovic. For every Coutinho, there is a Luis Alberto, or an Iago Aspas, or a Thiago Ilori.
While this plan is — at its core — quite clever, it is also unlikely to ever take Liverpool back to the promised land, for the Reds will always find it difficult to take the next step.
And that brings the club to the summer just gone.
media_camera Luis Suarez and Philippe Coutinho.
Back in May, after a 3-0 victory over Middlesbrough that confirmed Liverpool's return to the Champions League, Klopp forecast what they believed was the start of a “new cycle” at Anfield.
Coutinho would lead a squad that may have challenged for the title last season, if not for an incredible Chelsea run and a month-long period in January drenched in disaster for the Reds.
Optimism filled the Anfield air, with Klopp hinting at a new chapter where signings would not be funded by sales, but where an already sound base would be strengthened further.
But what Klopp found was a market difficult to navigate and the prospect of more of the same.
The bungled transfer of Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk was followed by the resistance of RB Leipzig to part with midfielder Naby Keita, regardless of the fee offered.
While the more restless of Reds fans might blame FSG for an unwillingness to spend, the reality of the situation was that similar scenarios were unfolding across Europe. Just as Liverpool couldn't predict what would happen over the summer, its rivals were in the same boat.
media_camera Southampton's Virgil van Dijk.
Antonio Conte entered the season anxious about the size of Chelsea's squad, having completed only three major deals without a significant net spend, Manchester City recruited only one outfield player who is not a full back, while Tottenham is yet to complete a single deal.
Even European giants Real Madrid and Barcelona have found it difficult to cope with a transfer market where fees are exploding — and have also dealt with the prospect of losing stars.
And so Liverpool is where it is now — without the defensive reinforcements Klopp has long craved, nor the midfield players required to take the club to the next level.
It's why Saturday's crushing 3-3 draw with Watford felt so familiar. Because, barring £36 million signing Mohamed Salah, the team is more or less the same. And while it might have the same potency in attack, it also has the same defensive frailties and the same weak underbelly.
It also faces the same prospect of its best player wanting out.
Coutinho's desire to leave Liverpool might not have anything to do with its inability over the summer to strengthen to the level of rivals that it could soon face in the Champions League.
But it could have something to do with the self-fulfilling prophecy that it never will.
Just as every Liverpool fan knew that 93rd minute Watford corner would somehow find its way despairingly into the back of Simon Mignolet's net, they know Coutinho will eventually leave.
Just not now.
Klopp has been unable to spend the money available to them without the injection of cash it would receive from Coutinho's sale. What difference will an extra £100 million make?
The club will likely ask the supremely talented Brazilian to stay another 12 months, to help carry Liverpool back to glory, and then follow through on its promise next summer.
By all reliable reports out of Merseyside, Coutinho — given their character and the looming 2018 World Cup that will follow this season — will likely agree to such terms.
By that stage, as the Reds told Suarez, it will be in a better position to capitalise on its success.
And so the process continues.
Liverpool may still challenge for the title this season.
It has a squad that found itself second on the table on January 1 this year, before being decimated by injury, doesn't face the prospect of losing key attacking weapon Sadio Mane to the African Cup of Nations and could still yet strengthen before the end of the month.
But at the moment, it's hard to shake the feeling the club has been here before.
Originally published as Coutinho exposes real cause of Liverpool failure
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Collins said on the sidelines of the 115th Congress Executive Council that Trump's pick for the Secretary of Interior is aware of the issue.
"I know that the administration is very aware of the unique sovereign status of the Indian nations across the United States. Putting in Ryan Zinke as the Secretary of Interior, I do know they are aware of it,"
Collins pointed out it is vital to make sure the issues of the tribal nations are "front and center" in the US federal government list of priorities.
"Whether it's in the Bureau of Interior, all the land issues or in our budget, whether it's education, healthcare, infrastructure [to make sure] that their issues aren't somehow lost," Collins said. "So, it's a making sure as I've said to them, those of us in Washington understand their priorities and we can then represent them for money and on the issues important to them."
At the end of January, the US Senate Energy Committee voted 16-6 in favor of Zinke becoming the next US interior secretary.
The United States has 566 federally recognized Indian Nations, 229 of which are located in Alaska and the rest in 33 other US states.
Inter Milan forward Gabriel Barbosa has put a dent in rumours linking them with Liverpool by claiming that they are happy at the Serie A club.
The Brazil international, also known as Gabigol, has failed to create an impression following their big-money move from Santos in the summer.
Inter spent around €29.5m to secure the services of the highly-rated forward, but they are yet to open their goalscoring account. The 20-year-old, who has been dubbed as the next Neymar by the Brazilian media, is yet to start a league game for Inter and has managed only five substitute appearances.
Back in December, the Sun had claimed that Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is a fan of the player and could make a move for them in January. However, a move never materialised, and the player ended up staying at Inter.
Now, the young forward has altogether quashed those rumours by claiming that they are happy at Inter and is not thinking about an exit from the club.
“It's a bit too cold, but I'm very happy here,” Gabigol told the club's website.
“Everyone is helping me, giving me advice and the fact I'm playing with superstars who previously I'd only see in video games is amazing.
“I'm ecstatic about wearing the Inter shirt.”
When asked about their much-awaited debut goal for Inter, they added: “My first goal? It will happen when God wills it so. I'm just trying to work and help the team.”
“I want to thank the fans for everything they're doing for me.”
Get upto £200 in free matched bets with bet365 - Click here to find out more
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday approved the DNA Technology (Use and Application) Regulation Bill 2018.
The primary intended purpose for enactment of the bill is for expanding the application of DNA-based forensic technologies to support and strengthen the justice delivery system of the country.
The utility of DNA based technologies for solving crimes, and to identify missing persons, is well recognized across the world.
By providing for the mandatory accreditation and regulation of DNA laboratories, the bill seeks to ensure that with the proposed expanded use of this technology in the country, there is also the assurance that the DNA test results are reliable and the data remain protected from misuse or abuse in terms of the privacy rights of our citizens.
The bill's provisions will enable the cross-matching between persons who have been reported missing on the one hand and unidentified dead bodies found in various parts of the country on the other, and also for establishing the identity of victims in mass disasters. The forensic DNA profiling is of proven value in solving cases involving offences that are categorised as affecting the human body (such as murder, rape, human trafficking, or grievous hurt), and those against property (including theft, burglary, and dacoity). The aggregate incidence of such crimes in the country, as per the statistics of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) for 2016, is in excess of 3 lakhs per year. Of these, only a very small proportion is being subjected to DNA testing at present. It is expected that the expanded use of this technology in these categories of cases would result not only in speedier justice delivery but also in increased conviction rates, which at present is only around 30 percent (NCRB Statistics for 2016). (ANI)
CHAMPAIGN, Ill. -- Researchers report in a new study that the bacterium Helicobacter pylori - a major contributor to gastritis, ulcers and stomach cancer - resists the body's immune defenses by shutting down energy production within the cells of the stomach lining that serve as a barrier to infection.
The new findings, reported in the journal Cell Microbe & Host, will aid efforts to better understand and combat H. pylori infections, the researchers said.
"H. pylori infects and causes gastritis in half the world's population. It is transmitted from person to person, usually during the first two years of life," said University of Illinois microbiology professor Steven Blanke, who led the new research. "Long-term infection can extend over decades, and most people never experience any symptoms of infection until the disease has progressed to an advanced state."
The human stomach is the only known environment where H. pylori exists, Blanke said.
"When any barrier in the human body is colonized by a pathogen, the immune system sets off a series of predictable counterattacks to reclaim the infected space," they said. "H. pylori cripples these immune counterattacks by going straight to the source of a host cell's power to shut down energy production."
Using stomach cells and tissues, the team found that H. pylori manipulates the cell from the outside by sending in a toxin to directly target the mitochondria, which serves as the powerhouse where the cell's energy is produced.
"The toxin disables the mitochondria, resulting in a loss of energy production," Blanke said. "When the cell tries to compensate by reallocating resources from other parts of the cell, a signal is triggered directing the cell to stop production and start breaking things down."
Disabled but still alive, the cell eventually loses its ability to fend off infection.
"The results of these studies provide an important example of how pathogens effectively target host metabolism in an effort to establish an enduring foothold within the host," Blanke said.
###
The National Institutes of Health supported this research.
Editor's notes:
To reach Steven R. Blanke, email sblanke@illinois.edu.
The paper "Helicobacter pylori infection modulates host cell metabolism through VacA-dependent inhibition of mTORC1" is available online.
PITTSBURGH, Pa. — A Georgia woman spent Christmas with the teenager who received their late son's heart.
Janece Risty, 41, lost their 16-year-old son, Tyler, two years ago after they suddenly passed away from a massive brain hemorrhage, according to PEOPLE. After they died, Risty decided to donate their organs.
Tyler's organs, bone and tissue were donated to 23 people across the United States, but the recipient of their heart was 19-year-old Lance Frye.
Mom spends holidays with late son's heart recipient https://t.co/AdgqmWI1vM pic.twitter.com/SWUWOcmAlz — People Magazine (@people) December 30, 2016
On Christmas Day, Frye's family traveled to Georgia to spend time with Risty and their family.
The two families have spent the last few days walking around Risty's hometown and getting to know each other.
“It's been a really beautiful experience,” Risty said. “It's emotional seeing Lance, but I feel a lot of joy knowing we helped them and that Tyler saved their lives.”
SAN DIEGO – A Mexican citizen who crashed their vehicle carrying six unauthorized immigrants while fleeing from U.S. Border Patrol agents near the Otay Mesa Port of Entry was sentenced in federal court Monday to four year in prison.
Miguel Angel Tejada-Loaiza, 21, was transporting the unauthorized immigrants after they had unlawfully entered the United States, authorities said.
Two passengers were ejected from the vehicle after it struck a guard rail and were hospitalized for several weeks with serious injuries.
Tejada-Loaiza pleaded guilty in May to illegal transportation of aliens for financial gain. They admitted the individuals they transported were paying others as much as $5,000 to be smuggled into the United States illegally.
Last April 23, U.S. Border Patrol agents spotted a Ford Expedition parked in an area where a seismic intrusion device had detected movement. An agent heard yelling coming from the vehicle and saw the driver, Tejada-Loaiza, signaling for people to get in.
Agents followed the Expedition in a marked Border Patrol unit and tried to pull the vehicle over, but the driver abruptly turned onto a northbound road and sped away at 75 miles per hour, then made another sharp turn and hit the guard rail, sending the SUV down an embankment.
“Smuggling endangers not only those being transported illegally, but the general motoring public,” said acting U.S. Attorney Alana Robinson. “Smugglers commodify human beings, prioritizing profits over public safety. Our office will vigorously prosecute individuals who capitalize on the illegal smuggling of people into the United States.”
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - Two people were sent to the hospital following a crash in Vigo County.
Scroll for more content...
It happened Saturday night, just after 7, in the northbound lane of State Road 63 just before Bolton Road.
Police on scene told News 10 the driver lost control of the vehicle.
Officials say the car went into a ditch and flipped over.
Police say two people were inside the car when the crash happened. Officials say both individuals were taken to the hospital.
No word yet on the extent of their injuries.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Grants totalling nearly $67 million for 85 nuclear research projects at university and government laboratories have been approved in an effort to promote safety, efficiency and US energy independence, the Department of Energy announced in a press release on Wednesday.
"Investing in the future of nuclear energy is an important strategic priority for the Energy Department," acting Assistant Secretary for Nuclear Energy Ed McGinnis stated in the release. "Nuclear energy technologies contribute to our economy, our environment, and our national security."
The effort includes more than $31 million to support 32 university-led nuclear energy research and development projects in 23 states, the release explained.
In addition, $6 million will be shared by 19 universities to research improvements in nuclear reactor safety and performance, the release noted.
Since 2009, the Energy Department's Office of Nuclear Energy has awarded about $472 million to 103 US colleges and universities, to promote research and train the next generation of nuclear engineers and scientists, according to the release.
4 to 6 tablespoons mild oil, such as canola
1 yellow onion, chopped
Freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons ground toasted fennel seeds
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 cup drained and rinsed cooked chickpeas (canned is fine)
1 teaspoon white wine vinegar
1/2 cup coarse breadcrumbs
3/4 cup walnuts, toasted, crushed (a molcajete is useful)
Juice of 1 lemon
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon hot chili sauce
2 tablespoons potato starch or cornstarch
8 toasted hamburger buns
Shredded lettuce, sliced pickles and other burger fixins
1. Boil: In a small saucepan, stir together quinoa, 1 1/2 cups water and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer, cover and cook fluffy, 20 to 25 minutes. Turn out into a large mixing bowl. Let cool.
2. Roast: Meanwhile, toss carrots with 1 tablespoon oil and 1 pinch salt. Spread out on a baking sheet, and roast at 425 degrees until soft and dark around the edges, about 20 minutes. Let cool.
3. Brown: In a medium skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil over medium. Tumble in onion, and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, the fennel and chili powder. Stir in chickpeas, and cook until very soft, 5 to 10 minutes. Deglaze with the vinegar.
4. Mix: Roughly mash chickpea mix with a potato masher or the back of a wooden spoon. Stir into cooled quinoa. Stir in carrots, breadcrumbs, walnuts, lemon juice, parsley and chili sauce. Add salt and pepper as needed. Whisk potato starch or cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water. Stir in this slurry (or knead in by hand).
5. Sizzle: Shape 8 patties. Heat about 1 tablespoon oil in a cast-iron skillet. Brown burgers, about 3 minutes per side, adding more oil as needed. Serve on buns with fixins.
Authorities investigate 2 separate Oklahoma police shootings
LAWTON, Okla. (AP) — Authorities in Oklahoma were investigating two separate police shootings Tuesday, including one in which a man was killed in Lawton after officers say they attacked them with a knife and cut one of them.
The second shooting involved a Tulsa officer who was wounded in the leg when a man opened fire as officers tried to question them about the license plate on the van they were in.
The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation is looking into the shooting in Lawton, about 90 miles (145 kilometers) southwest of Oklahoma City. Lawton police told state investigators that two officers went to an apartment after a call about breaking glass, and a man came outside holding a knife.
State Bureau of Investigation agent Adam Whitney said officers tried to talk the man into putting down the knife and used a stun gun on him. Whitney said the man charged at the officers, cutting one of them, and both officers fired their guns at him. The man died at the apartment. The officer who was cut was treated for multiple knife wounds and released.
Both officers have been placed on leave while the shooting is investigated. The bureau's investigation will be forwarded to the Comanche County district attorney for consideration of criminal charges.
In the Tulsa shooting, officers had run the license plate on a van and found the plate had been issued to a different vehicle, Tulsa police spokesperson Jeanne MacKenzie said. The officers followed the van to a gas station to ask the people inside questions, but a man in the vehicle was "defiant," MacKenzie said.
They said more officers were called to assist with the situation, and police fired pepper-spray projectiles known as pepper balls into the van.
The man then started shooting, and officers returned fire, MacKenzie said. One of the officers was hit in the leg, and the man was struck in the chest. Both were hospitalized.
MacKenzie said the officer was in good condition and the man was in serious condition.
A female passenger and a dog inside the van were not harmed, they said. It's unclear who was driving the van, they said.
The English writer and leading modernist of the twentieth century, Virginia Woolf, has inspired many artists to create their own masterpieces. In their novels women turn into men and frozen rivers crack open to make room for movement. It is this kind of movement which will be displayed in Wayne McGregor's critically acclaimed ballet triptych, Woolf Works.
The pioneering literary work that Woolf left behind is where multi-award winning choreographer McGregor found inspiration for the creation of Woolf Works for The Royal Ballet. The ballet will come to the Rialto theatre screen on April 19 for two and a half hours, plus there is a 15-minute introduction during which viewers will get to know much more about what they are about to see.
McGregor has long been at the cutting edge of ballet, working with collaborators from across the artistic world, and in this work, they combine themes from three of Woolf's landmark novels – Mrs Dalloway, Orlando and The Waves – with elements of their letters, essays and diaries.
In this screening of the performance, the dancers create waves of wonder to the music of acclaimed British composer Max Richter, who composed a specially commissioned score incorporating electronic and live music for the performance.
Woolf Works
Screening of the dance performance by The Royal Ballet. April 19. Rialto theatre, Limassol. 6.30pm. €15/10. Tel: 77-777745
Tool use has long been considered one of the behaviors that makes humans, well, human.
In fact, studies have found that the use of tools has become so deeply ingrained in human brains that, when shown pictures of hands or pictures of tools, there is an overlap in the regions of the brain showing activity.
But would the same be true, Ella Striem-Amit wondered, for someone who was born without hands? Would that overlap still exist, even if someone had never had the opportunity to handle tools, or would the brain organize itself in a different way?
The answer, they said, is no - but also yes.
In a study published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Ella Striem-Amit and Gilles Vannuscorps, post-doctoral researchers in Alfonso Caramazza's Cognitive Neuropsychology Laboratory, show the hand-tool overlap exists - even in people born without hands - suggesting the connection between the two hands and tools is deeply ingrained in brain organization. But the study also found tantalizing clues that, because those born without hands perform many daily functions using their feet, a similar overlap had developed in some of them between the foot- and tool-recognition areas of their brains.
"The general question we wanted to explore is whether brain organization is innately determined or if it depends on experience," Striem-Amit said. "What we found is that the majority of our subjects showed hand-tool overlap. That suggests these connectivity patterns may be hard-wired... (because they) can still be found in people who don't have experience manipulating tools."
To explore how brain organization might be different in people born without hands, Striem-Amit and colleagues turned to functional magnetic resonance imaging, or fMRI.
Working with co-author Gilles Vannuscorps, a post-doctoral researchers Caramazza's lab, who had previously conducted studies involving participants born without hands, the team recruited a number of volunteers and tracked their brain activity as they were shown images of both hands and feet, as well as images of both tools and large, non-manipulatable objects like tables and refrigerators.
"There's an area in the visual cortex that shows selectivity both for viewing hands and for viewing tools," Striem-Amit explained. "So what we were looking at is conjoined selectivity. What we wanted to see was to what extent is that overlap determined by your own experience of manipulating tools with your own hands."
Of the five participants born without hands, they said, four showed hand-tool overlap, suggesting the hand-tool overlap in the brain may be innate.
But while the study points to some level of innate brain organization, the results also hinted that - under certain circumstances - experience may also play a role.
Lacking hands, all the handless study participants use their feet to perform everyday tasks from playing musical instruments to using a smartphone, and the MRI scans showed that two participants had an overlap - similar to the hand-tool overlap - between feet and tools. Surprisingly, one control subject also showed a similar foot-tool overlap, suggesting that there may not be a direct link between using your feet and an overlap with the tool region.
"We can't really draw robust conclusions from that," Striem-Amit said. "It hints that there is some plasticity in the system, and the fact that they use their feet all the time has an effect."
Going forward, Striem-Amit is working to understand how the motor cortex is organized and is contemplating future studies involving the hand-tool overlap.
"One thing we'd like to do but haven't done is study the spouses and family members of people who were born without hands," they said. "They have seen them interact with tools with their feet, but haven't done it themselves. It's an interesting question."
Ultimately, Striem-Amit said, the study suggests that - for some foundational types of brain organization - experience is simply unnecessary.
"If they don't need sensory motor experience for this, then it may be that they don't need any type of experience for this," Striem-Amit said. "It may be that this neural mechanism develops regardless of any experience at all."
###
Feb 2 (Reuters) - 1St Constitution Bancorp:
* REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 RESULTS AND DECLARES QUARTERLY DIVIDEND OF $0.06 PER SHARE
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.30 EXCLUDING ITEMS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.07
* ‍ NET INTEREST INCOME WAS $9.8 MILLION FOR QUARTER ENDED DEC 31, 2017, UP 13.7 PERCENT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A seminal study in 2009 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America showed American female elementary teachers passed on their anxieties about math to girls in their classes, but not to boys.
It is a vicious cycle, Reid says, because elementary school teachers in both the United States and Canada are overwhelmingly female. It's about 90 per cent in the United States, according to that study. In Ontario, 83 per cent of elementary teachers are female, according to the most recent EQAO data.
Reid's research shows there is a strong correlation between math anxiety and a teacher's knowledge of the subject. According to the most recent EQAO results, 82 per cent of elementary teachers completed post-secondary education in an area unrelated to mathematics.
"If you don't know how to add fractions or the concepts behind them, how do you expect to teach that?" Reid says.
Reid says they spend a lot of time going over mathematics with student teachers in order to address that issue.
In April 2016, Ontario announced a three-year, $60-million math strategy that puts an average of 60 minutes per day of "protected math learning time" in the curriculum for students between Grades 1 and Grade 8.
The following year, only half of students in Grade 6, and 62 per cent of those in Grade 3 met the provincial standard in math. The dismal results prompted Premier Kathleen Wynne to announce the province would look at overhauling its math education program.
In Quebec, students consistently perform the best in the country. Experts believe that is mostly due to stronger teachers who have to go to school for four years for a bachelor of education degree, and more math specialist teachers beginning in Grade 7.
But it's not just an issue for teachers, Reid says. Responsibility lay with every adult who deals with a child's education, they say.
Gina Iuliano Marrello, the superintendent of student success at the Toronto Catholic District School Board, agrees.
At a recent meeting, Marrello said the board asked what they could do to help.
"Try to be positive — all the adults, the trustees, the teachers, the parents — everyone can do it," Marrello says they told the board.
"We hear people say all the time 'Don't worry, I'm no good at math' — even adults say that and that has to stop. People never say 'Don't worry, I was never good at reading.' People would think that's crazy."
We notice that when kids come into kindergarten, they don't have that attitude, they say, but they fall into that and by Grade 6 their math ability is pretty low.
For Freedman, a young teacher just starting out, girls' confidence in math is of paramount importance.
"If girls want a job in science or architecture, for example, we have to encourage that confidence in math and find jobs to use those skills," they say.
"If we don't give them the opportunity to practise the skills or foster their enjoyment in architecture or whatever it may be, they're never going to make that choice if they're not confident in math."
The Canadian Press
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Members of a government-funded Muslim anti-extremism organisation praised by the Prime Minister have been found to have made numerous anti-Semitic and homophobic comments on social media.
The Birmingham-based charity Odara is believed to have received over £150,000 of taxpayer money via the government's counter-extremism Prevent program, for the work it does in running workshops for women. The charity prides itself on providing what it calls a ‘safe environment for discussion on issues like domestic violence, mental health and extremism'.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
But Aysha Iqbal, leader and co-founder of Odara, and outreach worker Tasmiyah Bint Naeem were both found by the Daily Mail to have made numerous comments on Facebook of an anti-Semitic and homophobic nature.
Iqbal posted a series of videos suggesting that Israel was behind mass shootings in America. Posting a video entitled: Israel did Sandy Hook, Newtown CT School Massacres says Michael Harris, they wrote: “Truth be told.”
Bint Naeem shared in their colleague's belief in conspiracy theories, posting a video which claimed 9/11 was an “inside job” with the comment “watch and think”.
In other posts to the social media platform, they referred to all Israelis as Zionists, a modern anti-Semitic trope, as well as commenting “may Allah destroy Zionists.”
And they expressed homophobic views, saying they would not want to “be in the company of those that are gay”, adding that they would not “embrace” homosexuality, they said: “Shoot me for my views… don't care if times have changed.”
Odara was singled out last year by Theresa May, then as Home Secretary, who said they were “proud” to support the group in “working to stand up against the extremists who seek to divide us”.
The group was also singled out by Dame Louise Casey in their recent report – which was highly critical of self-segregation by British Muslim communities – as an organisation providing an example of how Muslim women with poor English language skills are being encouraged to integrate.
Yet sources from two groups who have considered working with Odara told the Mail that they had last year decided against it thanks to the group's “homophobic and anti-Semitic views”.
When asked for comment, Iqbal said the posts were from 2013, before they began working on anti-extremism matters.
They claimed the comments had been “tongue in cheek”, but that they now realised how ‘inappropriate and offensive it appeared without the context'. They added that Bint Naeem had stopped working for Odara last month.
Bint Naeem said: “I want to make it very clear I am not homophobic or anti-Semitic. What has been picked up on are online profile statuses from a long time ago – since then I have developed personally and professionally and reject any of the views in question.”
Birmingham Labour MP Khalid Mahmood said: “Again this is an example of how the Home Office has been duped into supporting, recommending and funding organisations that spring up from nowhere.
“It is wrong that such groups are receiving Government money without first understanding what their role is in the community and whether they have any positive track record.”
A Biloxi teenager who has been missing since May 10 is back home, according to Biloxi Police.
Robert Evan Price was last seen 20 days ago, and was considered a runaway. Police asked the public's for help finding him, and investigators say they received several leads.
"I would like to say thank you for everyone's assistance with putting their name and picture out there. Several anonymous phone calls were received by this office in regards to Mr. Price," said Officer Kit Manning.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
The hub is an infrastructure solution that is targeted at addressing the unemployment challenges in South Africa.
The YES initiative which was launched by President Cyril Ramaphosa this year is a social impact initiative that will see government, business and labour work together to give one million youth one million opportunities over the next few years.
The launch is the first step towards the goal of establishing 100 Community Hubs across the country. The hubs will give rural areas and business communities business infrastructure.
The hubs are a part of the Development SMME Development Strategy from the YES initiative and house three focus areas.
The three focus areas are:
1. Business development
2. Route to market
3. Skills training
More than 60% of the unemployed people in South Africa are from the townships. Through the hubs small businesses will be able to use idle youth labour while starting up local economies and boosting domestic markets.
The hub is fitted with modern technology and staff that are skilled. The hub has been created as an inclusive and engaging platform through which both existing and aspiring businesses can enhance their business or ideas.
The Community Hub which is located in Tembisa has been made possible through investments from companies like Sanlam, Investec and Unilever.
The CEO of YES Tashmia Ismail-Saville said that the launch of the first hub is a visible demonstration brought to life, that is a true collaboration between government, corporates and the community.
YES and MTN
This past April, MTN announced that they will be creating 1000 jobs to support the YES initiative.
According to MTN, they will be creating the jobs across their South African business and Group head offices that will be both operational and functional roles.
Rob Shuter the MTN Group President and CEO said,"YES is an innovative social partnership that has the potential to be a significant catalyst for economic growth and development."
Other companies have also joined the initiative including Absa, Sasol, Shoprite and Spar.
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
DURBAN - The first Community Hub from the Youth Employment Service (YES) was launched yesterday.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Ali Zeidan, who served as the Libyan prime minister in 2012-2014, has been kidnapped by a group of gunmen from a hotel in the center of Tripoli, local media reported Monday.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Libya Herald newspaper reported that Zeidan was abducted by members of pro-government Tripoli Revolutionaries' Brigade (TRB), which, according to the unconfirmed information, was acting under the warrant of Attorney General Sadiq Sour.
The newspaper added that there had been no reaction from the Presidential Council (PC), presiding over Libya's Government of National Accord and serving as head of the state, so far.
© AP Photo/ Mohammed El-Sheikhy Moscow Communicates With All Sides of Libyan Internal Conflict to Help Solve Crisis
This is not the first time when the politician was abducted. In October 2013, Zeidan was kidnapped by armed militants from the Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli. The militants claimed that the move was a response to the government's alleged capture of Anas Libi by the US intelligence service, wanted for their ties to al-Qaeda terrorist group (banned in Russia) and alleged responsibility for carrying out a number of terrorist attacks. Zeidan was released hours after the abduction. They were ousted by the parliament in March 2014. Zeidan fled to Germany and declared that their ouster was illegitimate.
Zeidan returned to Libya several times, and, according to media reports, they called for the division of Libya in July. The politician denied the allegations.
Libya has been in a state of civil war since its longtime leader Muammar Gaddafi was overthrown in 2011. The UN-backed Government of National Accord operates in the country's west and is headquartered in Tripoli. The eastern part of the country is governed by its parliament, with is headquartered in the city of Tobruk. The parliament is backed by the Libyan National Army headed by Khalifa Haftar.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump has spoken out on the cancellation of the Roseanne reboot over a racist tweet by the star.
Mr Trump took to Twitter despite the White House claiming the US President had more important things to focus on then the axing of Roseanne to paint themselves as a victim.
“Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologise for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?” they tweeted.
Comedian Roseanne Barr saw their self-titled show axed, despite high ratings, after they posted a tweet calling former Obama Administration official Valerie Jarrett like “the Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby.”
Camera Icon US President Donald Trump. Picture: AP
Camera Icon Valerie Jarrett. Picture: Supplied, MSNBC
Ms Jarrett said Mr Trump needs to share the blame over Barr's racist tweet about her, saying that “tone does start at the top.”
Fox News reports that Ms Jarrett spoke out during MSNBC's town hall on Everyday Racism in America.
They said they were “fine” after Barr's racist tweet.
But, without mentioning Mr Trump by name, Ms Jarrett suggested “tone” starts with him.
“We like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country, but I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility, too,” Ms Jarrett said. “And it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it.”
Barr, who claims they were under the influence of Ambien while they were tweeting, also falsely claimed that Chelsea Clinton ​is married to billionaire George Soros' nephew.
They then repeated a false rumour that the billionaire investor, who is Jewish and survived the Holocaust, is a Nazi sympathiser and assisted the organisation during World War II​ despite the fact they were 13.
Camera Icon The cast of the Roseanne reboot and co-showrunner, Whitney Cummings, left. Picture: AP
Earlier, when asked what the president's reaction was to Barr's tweets, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said the president has been “focused” on North Korea, trade and the economy.
“The president is focused on North Korea. He's focused on trade deals. And he's focused on rebuilding our military, the economy. And that's what he's spending their time on; not responding to other things,” Ms Sanders said.
Camera Icon ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey has axed Roseanne. Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Disney CEO Bob Iger agreed to Roseanne reboot being cancelled. Picture: Supplied
Asked whether the president thought Roseanne's show should have been cancelled, Ms Sanders said: “That's not what he's spending their time on. And I think that we have a lot bigger things going on in the country right now.”
Camera Icon The cast of the Roseanne reboot. Picture: Channel 10, ABC
Barr apologised following their tweet on Tuesday.
“I apologise to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me — my joke was in bad taste,” Barr tweeted, noting they were “now leaving Twitter.”
But Barr returned to the social media platform, apologising again and blaming their tweet on the prescription sleeping pill Ambien. They also claimed that they thought Ms Jarrett was white.
ROSEANNE SLAMS CO-STARS' COMMENTS
Barr accused their onscreen kids of throwing them under the bus in comments they have made about their racist tweets.
They also took aim at Michael Fishman, who has played their on-screen son since the show's start in 1988.
Camera Icon Michael Fishman. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
Camera Icon Michael Fishman in 1993. Picture: Supplied, Getty
Fishman wrote: “Today is one of the hardest days of my life. I feel devastated, not for the end of the Roseanne show, but for all those who poured their hearts and souls into our jobs, and the audience who welcomed us into their homes.
“Our cast, crew, writers, and production staff strives for inclusiveness, with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness.”
Barr took exception to that.
“I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. Nice!” they tweeted.
They also had a crack at Sara Gilbert, who plays their daughter Darlene and who was the driving force behind the Roseanne reboot, after they called their onscreen mum's comments “abhorrent”.
Camera Icon Sara Gilbert. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
Camera Icon Sara Gilbert in 1990. Picture: Supplied
Emma Kenney, who played Barr's granddaughter Harris Connor-Healy, wrote they were “hurt, embarrassed and disappointed,” calling Barr's comments “inexcusable.”
They also claimed in a since-deleted tweet that they were set to quit the show right before it was cancelled.
Camera Icon Emma Kenney starred as Harris in Roseanne. Picture: Supplied, Twitter
Co-showrunner Whitney Cummings and guest star Sandra Bernhard have also spoken out against Roseanne.
John Goodman and Laurie Metcalf however are yet to comment.
AMBIEN MAKER: OUR PILLS DON'T MAKE YOU RACIST
Ambien maker Sanofi Aventis has fired back at Barr overnight after they blamed the sedative for the racist tweetstorm that got their show cancelled.
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication,” the France-based pharmaceutical company tweeted.
This article originally appeared on Fox News and is republished here with permission
Findings from three study arms to be presented at ASCO
NCI-MATCH (Molecular Analysis for Therapy Choice), the largest precision medicine trial of its kind, achieves a milestone with the release of results from three treatment arms of the trial at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2018 annual meeting. Spokespersons are available for interviews.
The new results offer findings of interest for future cancer research. They could help identify targeted treatments for patients with certain gene abnormalities regardless of their cancer type. The results are the first of a large trove of data to come from nearly 40 treatment arms in new populations of patients not yet studied in any other clinical trials.
NCI-MATCH is a signal-finding trial for adults who have solid tumors, lymphomas, or myeloma that have progressed on standard treatment or rare cancers for which there is no standard treatment. The trial was co-developed by the National Cancer Institute (NCI), part of the National Institutes of Health, and the ECOG-ACRIN Cancer Research Group, part of the NCI-sponsored National Clinical Trials Network (NCTN). ECOG-ACRIN is leading the trial.
###
WHO: Sub-study chairs and primary trial chairs from NCI and ECOG-ACRIN
WHAT: Patient outcomes data from NCI-MATCH
WHEN: Friday, June 1, 2:45 p.m. Abstract 2503. AZD4547 in tumors with FGFR pathway aberrations (Arm W)
Saturday, June 2, 8:00 a.m. Abstract 100. T-DM1 in tumors with HER2 gene amplification (Arm Q).
And Abstract 101. Taselisib in tumors with PIK3CA gene mutations (Arm I)
WHERE: ASCO 2018 Annual Meeting, McCormick Place, Chicago
To schedule an interview with a spokesperson about NCI-MATCH prior to or during the ASCO Annual Meeting, use the contact information above.
Adrian Peterson has heard the whispers that their tenure with the Arizona Cardinals could be coming to an end.
While Peterson is not convinced the Cardinals will not keep them on the roster, they have no doubts he'll be on the field for next season -- and many more after that.
"I think I would want to play maybe four more years, four to five more years," the 32-year-old Peterson told the St. Paul Pioneer Press on Saturday.
Peterson, the 2012 NFL MVP, was back in Minneapolis in advance of Sunday's Super Bowl LII, greeting fans at the Mall of America in the city where they starred for a decade with the Minnesota Vikings.
"It feels good always coming home and getting a warm welcome," said Peterson. "I was here for 10 years. ... At the end of the day, I'll always bleed purple. So just coming back here, I was hugging fans like people I see in training camp every year that supported me and that continue to support the Vikings."
A torn meniscus in their right knee limited Peterson to three games in 2016 -- their final season with Minnesota. The Vikings declined to pick up their option and they signed a two-year contract with the New Orleans Saints last April.
With little opportunity for playing time in a crowded backfield, Peterson was shipped to the Arizona Cardinals after four games. They made six starts with the Cardinals, racking up a pair of 100-yard games before landing on injured reserve with a neck injury.
Star running back David Johnson is expected to be fully healthy for Arizona after suffering a season-ending wrist injury in Week 1. That has heighted the speculation that Peterson will be cut loose by the Cardinals.
"I don't know," said Peterson. "I haven't heard anything from the horse's mouth but I heard the report as well. But it's just a report for now. ... If it is (true), it was a great run for me and a great opportunity for me and it will be on to the next. But hopefully that's not the case."
Peterson rushed for over 1,200 yards in seven of their 10 seasons with Minnesota, including a career-best 2,097 in their MVP campaign. They also rushed for 97 of their 99 career touchdowns with the Vikings.
For their career, Peterson ranks 12th on the all-time list with 12,276 rushing yards, three behind Marshall Faulk and 36 shy of Jim Brown at No. 10.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Monday, Ferrand told French media that the two outlets "spread fake news", which are later "used, quoted and influence our democratic life." They also cited an example of a news article from a blog, entirely unrelated to RT or Sputnik, which published what they called incorrect information on Macron staying at the French embassy in Lebanon at the expense of the taxpayers.
"The news that was cited by Ferrand have no relation to the media outlets which they spoke of. Ferrand became a purveyor of fake news himself," Zakharova said at a briefing.
On Tuesday, both Sputnik and RT issued statements rejecting and condemning the "appalling" claims. Sputnik stressed that it always covers facts and real opinions expressed by people involved in election campaigns regardless of whether anyone finds these unacceptable.
Ferrand also said that their party was subjected to numerous cyberattacks emanating from Russia as party candidate Macron wanted a "strong Europe in the face of Russia," unlike their rivals.
Zakharova recalled that former US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had made similar accusations against Russia when information compromising their party was leaked. Clinton said Russia was behind cyberattacks which obtained the information. Russia rejected the claims, while the country's President Vladimir Putin stating that the Russian hacking scandal "hysteria" was fomented to distract people from domestic problems.
"It looks like Macron wants to follow the steps of Hillary Clinton. A very dubious path," Zakharova said.
The Kremlin has also reacted to claims made by Macron's ally, with Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov calling these accusations "absurd" and also drawing a parallel with the 2016 US Russian hacking scandal. The spokesperson added that Sputnik and RT have not run any negative stories about Macron and Ferrand's words appeared to be a mantra.
PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN and Brazil star Neymar has praised their father, but insisted they made their own decisions regarding their future.
Neymar has been linked with a move to Real Madrid after just one season at PSG, where they arrived in a world-record €222 million switch from Barcelona last year.
The 26-year-old's dad has long acted as their advisor and also serves as their agent, but Neymar Jr said any decisions about their career were in their own hands.
“My father doesn't make decisions for my career. I'm the one who decides about that,” they told Brazilian magazine VIP. “He's the best advisor I could ask for but, in the end, it's my call. My father takes care of other matters that run parallel to football, so that I can focus only on my profession.”
Neymar scored 28 goals in their first season at PSG and contributed a further 18 assists in just 30 outings, despite their campaign having been ended early by a foot injury suffered against Marseille in February.
They have, however, made Brazil's World Cup squad for Russia 2018, where they are preparing for matches against Switzerland, Costa Rica and Serbia in Group E.
MORRIS, Minn. — A 94-year-old Minnesota man whose wife died after battling cancer built a swimming pool in their backyard for children in their neighborhood.
Keith Davison's wife of 66 years died last year, KARE 11 reports.
“You just can't imagine what it's like,” they said. “You cry a lot. That's just the way it is because she's not here.”
Davison then decided to do something different to fill their time.
In the spring, the retired judge had an in-ground pool built. In July, the pool, which is 32 feet long and 9 feet deep, opened — and kids from all over the neighborhood came to swim.
“I knew they'd come,” Davison said.
Davison, who has three adult children but no grandchildren, is usually seen sitting in a chair next to the pool, watching the kids swimming, laughing and having fun.
“I'm not sitting by myself looking at the walls,” Davison said. “What else would you think of doing where you could have a whole bunch of kids over every afternoon?”
THE concept behind radar is easy.
Quantum radar — not so much.
Radar as we know it works on the same principle as an echo of your voice bouncing off a cliff. It blasts narrow radio beams into the sky and space, with sensors waiting to catch and analyse whatever is reflected back.
It was a revolutionary development in World War II that many say saved the United Kingdom during the Battle of Britain and the Battle of the Atlantic.
The effect of the proposed quantum radar is similar.
But it has a very different cause.
The rules of physics don't apply at the subatomic scale. One strange effect is how two quantum particles can be ‘entangled' in such a way that when one of them is moved and exposed to an influence, that influence is immediately seen in its distant partner.
It's a phenomenon that has enticed science since the time of Einstein.
It has potential that has Canada excited.
Now, researchers at the University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada, are on the job.
Camera Icon The first stealth destroyer, the USS Zumwalt, is so expensive to build that the US has only completed three of the ships. Picture: AP
RELIABLE EYE
Radar is problematic for the icebound country sitting uneasily beneath the flight-path of missiles and bombers aimed at each other by Russia, China and the United States.
There's the picturesque auroras, for one. These highly charged particles play havoc on the radio waves radar relies upon. And they get so much worse every time there is a sunspot or solar flare.
RELATED: What we know about China's new stealth fighter
“In the Arctic, space weather such as geomagnetic storms and solar flares interfere with radar operation and make the effective identification of objects more challenging,” says University of Waterloo's Institute for Quantum Computing (IQC) expert Jonathan Baugh.
Then there's the increasing prevalence of stealth technology.
The US has had it for awhile now. China and Russia are beginning to field their own aircraft boasting such radar-evading abilities.
And with the near worldwide marketing of the F-35 strike fighter, such radar resistant warplanes are becoming all the more common.
Canada wants a solution.
“By moving from traditional radar to quantum radar, we hope to not only cut through this noise, but also to identify objects that have been specifically designed to avoid detection,” Baugh says.
Camera Icon A concept image of quantum radar returns from a stealth bomber, top, and a bird. Picture: Supplied, MIT
EDGE OF DISCOVERY
“This project will allow us to develop the technology to help move quantum radar from the lab to the field. It could change the way we think about national security,” Baugh says.
The potential is enormous.
RELATED: What we know about Russia's new stealth fighter
Not only can the simple act of a plane bumping into a quantum particle reveal its presence, the way that particle reacts to different substances can expose a whole lot more.
Researchers believe quantum radar could eventually be used to ‘scan' an aircraft for its exact composition. This could expose which contacts were diversionary drones. It could, potentially, also reveal if an approaching bomber was carrying a nuclear weapon.
It's exactly the kind of information tactical commanders — and crisis management teams — need.
And where radio waves can be bounced off in inconvenient directions, absorbed by carefully tailored nanomaterials in an aircraft's skin, or jammed by ‘spoof' radio waves from equipment or the Sun — such technology is irrelevant when it comes to quantum particles.
Camera Icon An unidentified participant walks past a poster advertising the F-35 stealth multirole fighter over a Berlin skyline. This stealth fighter is being sold to nations as diverse as Turkey. Picture: AFP
SPOOKY ACTION AT A DISTANCE
What scientists need to do is ‘tame' entangled quantum particles.
Such particles — like the photons that make up light — can be made to have a mysterious connection.
It's a connection that seems to be instantaneous. It surpasses the speed of light.
What doesn't exceed the speed of light is the movement of the two particles themselves. The speed with which one half of an entangled pair can be projected away from its sibling follows the same limiting laws of physics we know and understand.
Exactly how these two particles instantly communicate with each other spooked Einstein.
They couldn't come to grips with the notion.
But, recent experiments have proven this effect is real.
First, a cluster of photons must be split by a nonlinear crystal. These photons then become entangled paris. Each pair must then be separated. One needs to be housed at a sensing station. The other must be projected into the sky.
When the projected photon hits something — such as a stealth fighter — this is immediately reflected by the ‘paired' photon in the sensing station.
The time taken between transmission and effect reveals the stealth fighter's distance. The characteristics of the effect can reveal what material it has hit.
And because one half of each pair is already ‘captured' in the sensing station, it's very difficult to ‘spoof' with false signals.
Camera Icon The first Royal Australian Air Force F-35A Lightning II. How long will the stealth technology built into its structure remain relevant? Picture: News Corp Australia, Defence
CERTAINLY UNCERTAIN
China claimed in 2016 that it had a working quantum radar prototype, capable of sensing targets out to 100km.
And organisations the world over — including Lockheed Martin — are also working on the idea.
“The goal for our project is to create a robust source of entangled photons that can be generated at the press of a button,” says Baugh.
But there are enormous challenges to overcome to bridge the reality gap between the quantum universe and the world as we know it.
RELATED: Here's the US vision of future air combat
Tangled quantum particles have a tendency to detach in cluttered environments. So the strength of a signal may diminish significantly over distance and with the effects of weather.
But, even if a pair disconnects - an event called “decoherence”- the two particles still retain some kind of link. And this could be used to detect aircraft.
So how close are we to such all-seeing eyes?
“You won't see fighter jets using quantum radar tomorrow or in the next five years or so,” says Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Professor Seth Lloyd.
But the technology itself may not be all that difficult to produce.
“Producing entangled photons you can do with a semiconductor laser and a nonlinear crystal and that can be a very small light system.”
However, like traditional radio-based radars, it is not in itself stealthy.
Transmitted quantum particles can be detected.
This gives away the transmitter's location.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A Terre Haute business damaged by a weekend fire hopes to open in a temporary location on Tuesday.
Scroll for more content...
The fire happened on Saturday around 4:00 at Backyard Leisure.
The fire heavily damaged the west side of the business.
Their showroom suffered water damage.
According to the fire department, the cause of the fire has been ruled electrical.
Backyard Leisure will open their temporary location next to Big-O Tires behind the mall.
They also plan to have all landline calls forwarded to employee cell phones.
Ubisoft's Steep Road to the Olympics takes players to South Korea and Japan to participate in the Pyeongchang 2018 Olympic Winter Games in extreme sports video game
ENTERTAINMENT/VIDEO GAMES
Ubisoft's challenges extreme sports video game players with Steep Road to the Olympics, an extension that allows players to explore South Korea and Japan while participating in Olympic events.
BY KAZAD
Youtube/UbisoftUs
SAN FRANCISCO, CA- Ubisoft is set to pose new challenges for players of Steep, the multi-award–winning open world action-sports game. After years of allowing players to ski, snowboard, paraglide, and wingsuit around the massive open worlds of the Alps and Alaska, Steep is taking players to new locations: South Korea and Japan.
In honor of the Pyeongchang 2018 Olympic Winter Games, Ubisoft is making Steep even more interesting. Working in partnership with the International Olympic Committee, Ubisoft is creating an original expansion for Steep. Known as Steep Road to the Olympics, the extension allows players to explore South Korea and Japan while participating in Olympic events. Events include Downhill, Slopestyle, Halfpipe, Giant Slalom, Super G, and Big Air.
ENTERTAINMENT| READ ALSO: Trials Fusion Sells 1 Million Copies: Free Update Excites Game Players
In addition to participating in Olympic events, Steep Road to the Olympics presents new challenges for discerning game players. Players can pick the country they want to represent as well as test their skills against players around the world. As if that is not enough, players keen on exploring the legendary powder of Japan will have plenty of space to find their own line. Players will be able to challenge their friends, record highlights and share them with the Steep community. The gorgeous new environments players will explore are the icing on the cake.
Steep Road to the Olympics comes out December 5, 2017, on PS4, Xbox One, and Windows PC.
Join the art conversation: Share your thoughts and comments. Facebook– Twitter–Google+
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
PHOENIX, Ariz. and OSLO, Norway -- March 19, 2018 -- For decades, ultrasound has been used to image organs such as the heart and kidneys, check blood flow, monitor the development of fetuses, reduce pain and even break up kidney stones.
Now, a Norwegian biotech company called Phoenix Solutions AS it is working with the Translational Genomics Research Institute (TGen), a Phoenix, Arizona-based biomedical research facility, to test the use of these pulsed sound waves to direct and focus cancer drug therapies.
In laboratory tests, TGen will help analyze the effectiveness of a technology called Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT), a unique approach to targeting cancer cells by concentrating the delivery of chemotherapies, making them more effective and potentially reducing their toxicity.
Humanscan Co. Ltd., a South Korean manufacture of ultrasound diagnostic imaging, is developing clinically applicable hardware optimized for ACT, which TGen will then validate.
Phoenix Solutions is using funding from Innovation Norway to conduct this research in advance of pancreatic cancer clinical trials planned later this year.
"We are very pleased to receive this grant, which will enable us to develop and validate an optimal ultrasound platform for clinical use of ACT. In their respective fields, Humanscan and TGen both represent the cutting edge of science, and we are confident this will contribute to the clinical success of our program," said Dr. Per Sontum, CEO of Phoenix Solutions.
TGen is a world leader in the development of novel therapeutics for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The TGen team led the clinical development of one of the current standard-of-care regimens for this disease -- nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine. TGen currently is involved in 13 pancreatic cancer clinical programs.
"We are pleased that this research program has become a reality, and look forward to working with ACT. The concept represents a novel approach to targeted drug delivery and looks very promising," said Dr. Haiyong Han, a Professor in TGen's Molecular Medicine Division and head of the Basic Research Unit in TGen's Pancreatic Cancer Program.
Among the advantages of ultrasound technology: it is generally painless; non-invasive; does not require needles, injections or incisions; and patients are not exposed to ionizing radiation, making the procedure safer than diagnostic techniques such as X-rays and CT scans.
Humanscan CEO Sungmin Rhim said, "We are excited to enter into this collaboration with Phoenix (Solutions) and participate in the development of ACT. Ultrasound mediated, targeted drug delivery is an emerging therapy approach with great potential and we are delighted to be in the forefront of this development."
Phoenix Solutions also is considering this technology for use in addressing other types of cancer, including: liver, prostate and triple-negative breast cancer; and other diseases, including those involving inflammation and the central nervous system.
###
For more information, please visit http://www. phoenixsolutions. no or http://oslocancercluster. no/ 2017/ 12/ 05/ four-cluster-companies-gets-innovation-reward/
About TGen
Translational Genomics Research Institute (TGen) is a Phoenix, Arizona-based non-profit organization dedicated to conducting groundbreaking research with life changing results. TGen is focused on helping patients with neurological disorders, cancer, diabetes, and infectious diseases, through cutting edge translational research (the process of rapidly moving research towards patient benefit). TGen physicians and scientists work to unravel the genetic components of both common and rare complex diseases in adults and children. Working with collaborators in the scientific and medical communities literally worldwide, TGen makes a substantial contribution to help our patients through efficiency and effectiveness of the translational process. TGen is affiliated with City of Hope, a world-renowned independent research and cancer and diabetes treatment center: http://www. cityofhope. org . This precision medicine affiliation enables both institutes to complement each other in research and patient care, with City of Hope providing a significant clinical setting to advance scientific discoveries made by TGen. For more information, visit: http://www. tgen. org . Follow TGen on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter @TGen.
About Phoenix Solutions
Phoenix Solutions is a Norwegian biotech company sprung out from GE Healthcare in 2013, currently developing a technology platform for targeted drug delivery -- Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®). ACT® is a unique approach to ultrasound mediated, targeted drug delivery -- capable of enhancing significantly the clinical utility of a wide range of therapeutic molecules and nano-drugs for a wide range of clinical indications. Its primary mode of action is in defeating the vascular barrier, enhancing extravasation, distribution and uptake of drug in the targeted tissue, thereby increasing efficacy and/or reducing toxicity. ACT® is generally indicated towards diseases where current clinical practice treats known, localized pathologies (e.g. solid tumors) with medicinal therapy, and where Standard of Care is being limited from an inability to deliver sufficiently high concentrations of drug to the tumor without excessive systemic toxicity. Phoenix Solutions is currently targeting the oncology segment, looking in particular at pancreatic, liver, triple negative breast and prostate cancers, and has extremely promising preclinical results so far.
About Humanscan
Humanscan Co. Ltd is focused on development of innovative ultrasound transducers. It has a unique expertise within single crystal probes, and was the first company to mass-produce this class of transducers.
Media Contact:
Steve Yozwiak
TGen Senior Science Writer
602-343-8704
syozwiak@tgen.org
By Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
The decision lifted the U.S. central bank's benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point to a target range of 1.00 percent to 1.25 percent as it proceeds with its first tightening cycle in more than a decade.
In its statement following a two-day meeting, the Fed's policy-setting committee indicated the economy had been expanding moderately, the labour market continued to strengthen and a recent softening in inflation was seen as transitory.
The Fed also gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2 trillion (3.28 trillion pounds) portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession.
"The committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization programme this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated," the Fed said in its statement.
The central bank said it would gradually ramp up the pace of its balance sheet reduction and anticipates the plan would feature halting reinvestments of ever-larger amounts of maturing securities.
The Fed said the initial cap for Treasuries would be set at $6 billion per month initially and increase by $6 billion increments every three months over a 12-month period until it reached $30 billion per month in reductions to its holdings.
For agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, the cap will be $4 billion per month initially, increasing by $4 billion at quarterly intervals over a year until it reached $20 billion per month.
U.S. stocks rose after the Fed announcement, while the dollar reversed some of its earlier losses.
"The Fed announcing an update to their reinvestment principles leaves September open. The start of balance sheet runoff and the fact that they haven't slowed their projected path of rate hikes suggest they can do both balance sheet and rate hikes at the same time," said Gennady Goldberg, interest rate strategist at TD Securities.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen was holding a press conference at 2:30 p.m. EDT (1830 GMT).
EYES ON INFLATION
The Fed has now raised rates four times as part of a normalization of monetary policy that began in December 2015. The central bank had pushed rates to near zero in response to the financial crisis.
Policymakers also released their latest set of quarterly economic forecasts which showed temporary concern about inflation and continued confidence about economic growth in the coming years.
They forecast U.S. economic growth of 2.2 percent in 2017, an increase from the previous projection in March. Inflation was expected to be at 1.7 percent by the end of this year, down from the 1.9 percent previously forecast.
A retreat in inflation over the past two months has caused jitters among some Fed officials who fear that the shortfall, if sustained, could alter the pace of future rate hikes. Earlier on Wednesday, the Labor Department reported consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May, the second drop in three months.
The Fed's preferred measure of underlying inflation has retreated to 1.5 percent, from 1.8 percent earlier this year, and has run below the central bank's 2 percent target for more than five years.
Expectations of any fiscal stimulus in the near term from the Trump administration have also waned with campaign promises on tax cuts, regulation rollbacks and infrastructure spending either still on the drawing board or facing hurdles in Congress.
Interest rates are seen rising one more time by the end of this year, according to the median projection of the forecasts released with the Fed's policy statement, in keeping with the previous forecast.
Estimates for the unemployment rate by the end of this year moved down to 4.3 percent, the current level, and to 4.2 percent in 2018, indicating the Fed believes the labour market will continue to tighten.
The median estimate of the long-run neutral rate, which is seen as the level of monetary policy that neither boosts nor slows the economy, was unchanged at 3.0 percent.
Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari dissented in Wednesday's decision.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider; Editing by Paul Simao)
SEATTLE — The King County Council voted Monday to ban solitary confinement for minors in detention.
“We are working hard to improve our juvenile justice system in King County. We know from scientific research that solitary confinement can permanently harm young people so I am pleased that we are now ending this harmful practice,” Council Vice Chair Rod Dembowski said.
The legislation also requires the county to provide incarcerated youths with “adequate educational resources.”
Most youths detained by the county are held at the King County Juvenile Detention Center in Seattle. Some young people who have been charged as adults are housed at the Maleng Regional Justice Center in Kent or, occasionally, at the King County Correctional Facility. This youth are separated from the adult population at these facilities, but solitary confinement/isolation has also been used for these young offenders where it is not at the Youth Services Center.
The American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry has noted that even short periods of isolation often have serious long-term mental health impacts effects on juveniles, and research shows that solitary confinement does not reduce behavioral incidents and may increase aggressive or violent behavior by youth.
ANN ARBOR--A University of Michigan dentistry professor drew upon their expertise in oral health in developing a new theory to help explain the deaths of the famed Franklin naval expedition crew, a mystery that has captivated historians for more than 150 years.
There were no survivors in the 129-person exploration, which set out for the Northwest Passage in the 1840s, said Russell Taichman, the Major Ash Collegiate Professor of Periodontics and Oral Medicine.
Taichman, who's held a lifelong love of the Arctic, said that historians and researchers for decades have speculated on several generally accepted causes of death: exposure, scurvy, lead poisoning, botulism, tuberculosis and starvation.
But Taichman and colleagues now believe that tuberculosis resulting in adrenal insufficiency, or Addison's disease, also contributed to the demise of the crew. Their findings were published in the journal Arctic earlier this year.
The Franklin story is legendary in Arctic lore. In 1845, Sir John Franklin led two British Royal Navy ships, the Erebus and the Terror, in an attempt to navigate portions of the Northwest Passage. The ships became trapped in the ice pack in 1846 near King William Island, which is above the Arctic Circle in what is now northern Canada.
Well-stocked with canned food, the crew spent two years on and around the remote island waiting in harsh conditions for the ice to melt and free their ships.
Among the few clues left behind, Taichman said, are Inuit accounts of emaciated crew members with "hard, dry and black" mouths. With this in mind, Taichman, a cancer researcher, decided to look more closely at the various cause-of-death theories and how each condition impacts the oral cavity.
Taichman and Mark MacEachern, a librarian at U-M's Taubman Health Sciences Library, cross-referenced the crew's physical symptoms with known diseases and analyzed 1,718 medical citations. Taichman was surprised when Addison's--which wasn't one of the generally accepted causes of death--kept popping up during the analysis.
"In the old days, the most common reason for Addison's in this country was TB," Taichman said. "In this country now, it's immune suppression that leads to Addison's."
Scurvy among the crew falls in line with the fact that sailors of that era often had the disease, but that alone doesn't explain the deaths. A stronger clue is that evidence of tuberculosis was discovered during autopsies of three sailors who died and were buried on a nearby island before the ships were marooned. Lead poisoning, confirmed to a degree by analysis of recovered bones, could have come from lead solder used for the primitive food cans and from lead pipes that distilled water for the crew.
Many factors contributed to the deaths of the crew, Taichman said, and the Addison's disease diagnosis is a refinement that fits well with much of the forensic and anecdotal evidence already gathered.
People with Addison's disease have trouble regulating sodium and can become dehydrated, and they can't maintain their weight even when food is available--two symptoms that would help explain the wasting condition of the crew as observed by the Inuit.
"Scurvy and lead exposure may have contributed to the pathogenesis of Addison's disease, but the hypothesis is not wholly dependent on these conditions," Taichman said. "The tuberculosis-Addison's hypothesis results in a deeper understanding of one of the greatest mysteries of Arctic exploration."
Taichman's fascination with the Arctic began as a child in their native Toronto, when their father told stories about the early explorers. Among their 16 visits to the Arctic, Taichman has led hiking trips for the Sierra Club, kayaked among the icebergs and proposed to their wife.
Over the last few years they have become a contributing member of a small but fervent network of Franklin experts around the world. They review historical documents at places like the Smithsonian Institution, share information and hold conferences as they continue to hunt for answers connected to the expedition.
Taichman has written a second paper about the Franklin expedition, which has been provisionally accepted by a different Arctic-focused journal. That research consolidates Franklin stories from various documents and sources.
###
(KGTV) - Poway punk group Blink-182 is setting up a residency in Las Vegas.
The trio will be at the Palms Casino Resort for 16 performances starting in May.
The “Kings of the Weekend” shows will run through November.
Show dates:
May 26-27
June 8-9, 15-16, 23-24
October 26-27
November 2-3, 9-10, 16-17
Ticket sales start Friday, March 23 at 7 a.m. PT.
Blink-182 toured in 2017 in support of California, the group's first album without founding guitarist Tom DeLonge, according to Rolling Stone. DeLonge has been replaced by Alkaline Trio's Matt Skiba.
For more information and tickets, click here.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) supports the release of a memo crafted by Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee responding to the controversial memo crafted by staff for Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA).
“The speaker is in favor of greater transparency. If it is scrubbed to ensure it does not reveal sources and methods of our intelligence gathering, the speaker supports the release of the Democrats' memo,” Ryan spokesperson AshLee Strong said in a statement.
As Republicans in the House pushed for the release of their memo that alleges abuse by senior government officials of the system used to obtain surveillance warrants, Democrats crafted their own memo responding to the GOP claims.
The 10-page Democratic memo reportedly argues that officials did not abuse the FISA process and charges that the Republican memo is just a political document aimed at undermining the FBI.
In the same meeting on Monday during which Republicans voted to make their memo public, Democrats pushed for theirs to be released as well. However, Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee voted against releasing that memo.
Though it appears that Ryan disagrees with Nunes and the Republicans on the Intelligence Committee about the future of the Democratic memo, they have largely been deferential to Nunes and the Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee throughout the push for the memo's release.
On Thursday, Ryan fiercely defended the Republicans' memo, claiming that it will not hurt special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, even though President Donald Trump reportedly hopes it does just that.
“What this is not, is an indictment on our institutions, of our justice system. This memo is not indictment of the FBI, of the Department of Justice, it does not impugn the Mueller investigation or the deputy attorney general,” Ryan told reporters at the Republican retreat in West Virginia.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Internet of Things (IoT) in the Healthcare Sector Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Internet of Things (IoT) in the Healthcare Sector Market by component (medical devices, software systems, services), by distribution channel (hospitals and clinics, CROS, research and diagnostic laboratories and others) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Internet of Things (IoT) in the Healthcare Sector Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Internet of Things (IoT) in the Healthcare Sector Market are Cisco Systems, Medtronic, IBM Corporation, GE Healthcare, Microsoft Corporation, Honeywell Life Care Solutions, Koninklijke Philips N.V, Apple Inc., etc.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/317
The Rise in Prevalence of Chronic Diseases, Rise in Base of Aging Population, Growing Preference for Remote Clinical Monitoring, and Introduction of Large Number of Smart Wearables into the Market Is Further Expected To Boost the Market Growth in Coming Years
Efficient remote health monitoring, reduction of patient's hospital stay, increasing number of applications, advanced disease management systems, improvement in patient monitoring and better patient outcomes are the key driving factors for the growth of this market. In addition, rise in prevalence of chronic diseases, rise in base of aging population, growing preference for remote clinical monitoring, and introduction of large number of smart wearables into the market is further expected to boost the market growth in coming years. The technological advancements have streamlined and automated the critical practices of data collection, electronic record maintenance, and data analysis to enable fast and accurate healthcare treatments. For example, products such as fitness bands, smart glass wearables like Google Glass, NFC-enabled medical ID bracelet, medical jewelry are enabling transmission of vital medical data form patient's location to the medical staff in real time. Gradually, internet of things startups are finding new applications within healthcare and leveraging connected sensors to better diagnose, monitor, and manage patients and treatment. Many companies are focused on clinical-grade wearables to more robustly track patient data, while others see opportunity for sensor networks within hospitals and practices to optimize healthcare delivery and monitor patient adherence. Lack of government and regulatory body's support, safety of patients, privacy issues, design encounters, and huge amount of patient's data, which is a big challenge for hospital IT to manage, are some of the key restraining factors that could hinder the market growth.
North America to Witness the Highest Growth during the Forecast Period
Geographically, North America is the leading contributor to the market and is expected to retain its position during the forecast period due to high awareness, large base of patients with greater affordability, rise in investments, and various initiatives by government in the healthcare sector. However, Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. This is predominantly due to increased healthcare awareness, technological advancements, significant investments and growing awareness among the population about the treatment options available in the market.
Table of Contents:-
1. The scope of the report
1.1 Report description
1.2 Research methodology
1.3 List of abbreviations
1.4 Market segmentation
2. Executive summary
3. Qualitative analysis
3.1 Market overview
3.1.1 Drivers
3.1.2 Restraints
3.2 Porters five forces analysis
3.3 Competitive matrix of the key companies
4. Global IoT in the Healthcare Sector market, by Component, up to 2023
4.1 Medical devices
4.2 Software systems
4.3 Services
5. Global IoT in the Healthcare Sector Market, by Distribution Channel, up to 2023
5.1 Hospitals and clinics
5.2 CROs (Contract Research Organizations)
5.3 Research and diagnostic laboratories
5.4 Others
6. Global IoT in the healthcare Sector Market, by Geography, up to 2023
6.1 North America
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Germany
6.2.2 France
6.2.3 Italy
6.2.4 UK
6.2.5 Spain
6.2.6 Others
6.3 APAC
6.3.1 China
6.3.2 India
6.3.3 Japan
6.3.4 Others
6.4 Rest of the World
7. Company profiles
7.1 Cisco Systems
7.2 Medtronic
7.3 IBM Corporation
7.4 GE Healthcare
7.5 Microsoft Corporation
7.6 Honeywell Life Care Solutions
7.7 Koninklijke Philips N.V.
7.8 Apple Inc.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/internet_things_iot_healthcare_sector_market
An ominous name uttered in hushed tones during Lucifer‘s Season 3 premiere now has a face to go with it.
TVLine has learned that The Leftovers alum Kevin Carroll will appear in multiple episodes of the supernatural-tinged Fox drama as The Sinnerman, a mysterious and twisted criminal mastermind with deep-seeded motivations who has set their sights on Lucifer (played Tom Ellis). Like Lucifer, this character earned quite the reputation for doing favors. The question is: Why has they set their sights on Lucifer, and how are they connected to the fallen angel's recently-returned wings?
“The Sinnerman is going to make Lucifer go, ‘Oh s–t, is this the guy behind my wings?” co-showrunner Joe Henderson told TVLine as part of our Fall Preview. What's more, “Detective Marcus Pierce (new series regular Tom Welling) will have a history with the Sinnerman, so that's where our stories start to collide.”
Carroll will first appear in Episode 6 of Lucifer's new season, which is airing Mondays at 8/7c. In addition to their run as The Leftovers‘ faux soothsayer John Murphy, the actor's TV credits include Snowfall and The Catch.
Want more scoop on Lucifer, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
Taste the New Year's atmosphere across Flanders
01/01/17 - Antwerp had the biggest fireworks of the country and the biggest crowd, Sint-Niklaas did it the different way for its 800th anniversary, and Bruges had a very excited crowd! Taste the atmosphere here.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Taste the New Year's atmosphere across Flanders
01/01/17 - Antwerp had the biggest fireworks of the country and the biggest crowd, Sint-Niklaas did it the different way for its 800th anniversary, and Bruges had a very excited crowd! Taste the atmosphere here.
Cells in nearly any part of the body can become cancerous and transform into tumors. Some, like skin cancer, are relatively accessible to treatment via surgery or radiation, which minimizes damage to healthy cells; others, like pancreatic cancer, are deep in the body and can only be reached by flooding the bloodstream with cell-killing chemotherapies that, ideally, shrink tumors by accumulating in their ill-formed blood and lymph vessels in higher amounts than in vessels of healthy tissues. To improve the low efficacy and toxic side effects of chemotherapies that rely on this passive accumulation, a team of researchers at the Wyss Institute at Harvard University, Boston Children's Hospital, and Harvard Medical School has developed a new drug delivery platform that uses safe, low-energy ultrasound waves to trigger the dispersal of chemotherapy-containing sustained-release nanoparticles precisely at tumor sites, resulting in a two-fold increase in targeting efficacy and a dramatic reduction in both tumor size and drug-related toxicity in mouse models of breast cancer.
"We essentially have an external activation method that can localize drug delivery anywhere you want it, which is much more effective than just injecting a bunch of nanoparticles," says co-first author Netanel Korin, Ph.D., former Wyss Technology Development Fellow and current Assistant Professor at the Israel Institute of Technology.
The key to this new method is the creation of nanoparticle aggregates (NPAs), which are tiny structures consisting of drug-containing nanoparticles surrounded by a supportive matrix, akin to the berries suspended in a blueberry muffin. Like chefs trying to craft the perfect pastry, the researchers experimented with a variety of nanoparticle sizes and nanoparticle-to-matrix ratios to create NPAs that are stable enough to remain intact when injected, but also finely tuned to break apart when disrupted with low-energy ultrasound waves, freeing the nanoparticles that then release their drug payloads over time, like blueberries slowly leaking their juice.
To test whether the NPAs worked as designed, the team first exposed mouse breast cancer cells to either loose nanoparticles, intact NPAs, or NPAs that had been treated with ultrasound. The ultrasound-treated NPAs and loose nanoparticles both showed greater tumor internalization than the intact NPAs, showing that the ultrasound waves effectively broke up the NPAs to allow the nanoparticles to infiltrate cancer cells.
Next, the researchers repeated the experiments with nanoparticles containing doxorubicin (a common chemotherapy drug used to treat a variety of cancers) and found that the NPAs resulted in a comparable level of cancer cell death, demonstrating that NPA encapsulation did not negatively impact the efficacy of the drug.
Finally, to see whether the NPAs performed well compared with loose nanoparticles in vivo, both formulations were injected intravenously into mice with breast cancer tumors. Ultrasound-treated NPAs delivered nearly five times the amount of nanoparticles to the tumor site as intact NPAs, while loose nanoparticles delivered two to three times that amount. When the nanoparticles were loaded with doxorubicin, tumors in mice that received NPAs and ultrasound shrank by nearly half compared with those in mice that received loose nanoparticles. Crucially, by using NPAs, the researchers were able to cut tumor size in half using one-tenth of the dose of doxorubicin usually required, reducing the number of mouse deaths due to drug toxicity from 40% to 0%.
"Locking nanoparticles up in NPAs permits precise delivery of an army of nanoparticles from each single NPA directly to the tumor in response to ultrasound, and this greatly minimizes the dilution of these nanoparticles in the bloodstream," says Anne-Laure Papa, Ph.D., co-first author and postdoctoral fellow at the Wyss Institute. "Additionally, our ultrasound-triggered NPAs displayed distribution patterns throughout the body similar to the FDA-approved PLGA polymer nanoparticles, so we expect the NPAs to be comparably safe."
NPAs were also observed to limit the "burst release" commonly observed in nanoparticle drug delivery, in which a significant number of them break open and release their drug soon after injection, causing an adverse response around the site of injection and reducing the amount of the drug that gets to the tumor. When applied to cancer cells in vitro, loose nanoparticles released 25% of their drug payload within five minutes of being administered, while the nanoparticles contained within intact NPAs released just 1.8% of their drug. When ultrasound was applied, an additional 65% of the drug was released from the NPAs compared with loose nanoparticles, which only released an additional 11%.
The team says additional research could further improve the performance of ultrasound-sensitive NPAs, making the platform an attractive option for safer, more effective chemotherapy delivery. It could be made even more powerful through combination with other tumor-targeting strategies such as using peptides that home to the tumor microenvironment to further guide cancer drugs to their targets. "We hope that in the future our triggered accumulation technique can be combined with such targeting strategies to produce even more potent treatment effects," says Papa.
"This approach offers a novel solution to the pervasive problem of delivering a high concentration of an intravenous drug to a very specific area while sparing the rest of the body," says senior author and Wyss Founding Director Donald Ingber, M.D., Ph.D., who is also the Judah Folkman Professor of Vascular Biology at Harvard Medical School (HMS) and the Vascular Biology Program at Boston Children's Hospital, and Professor of Bioengineering at Harvard SEAS. "By using localized ultrasound to selectively deploy sustained-release nanoparticles loaded with high drug concentrations, we have created a non-invasive way to safely and effectively deliver chemotherapy only where and when it's needed."
###
Mathumai Kanapathipillai, Ph.D., who also co-first authored the paper as a Research Scientist at the Wyss Institute, is currently an Assistant Professor of Mechanical Engineering at University of Michigan-Dearborn. Other contributing authors include Robert Mannix, Ph.D., Oktay Uzun, Ph.D., Christopher Johnson, Deen Bhatta, and Garry Cuneo from the Wyss Institute; and Akiko Mammoto, M.D., Ph.D., Tadanori Mammoto, M.D., Ph.D., and Amanda Jiang from the Vascular Biology Program and Department of Surgery at Boston Children's Hospital and HMS.
This research was supported by the US Army Medical Research and Material Command under DoD Breast Cancer Innovator Award No. W81XWH-08-1-0659, DoD grant No. W81WXH-10-1-0565, and DoD Breast Cancer Breakthrough Award No. W81XWH-15-1-0305. Opinions, interpretations, conclusions and recommendations are those of the authors and are not necessarily endorsed by the U.S. Army.
MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE
PRESS CONTACT
Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University
Lindsay Brownell, lindsay.brownell@wyss.harvard.edu, +1 617-432-8266
MULTIMEDIA CONTACT
Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University Seth Kroll, seth.kroll@wyss.harvard.edu, +1 617-432-7758
Re “How Inland Empire resources helped a longtime homeless veteran reunite with family in South Carolina” (May 17):
The homelessness problem is constantly in the news, including this newspaper. Headlines in this newspaper gave the touching story about the disabled veteran Obadiah Smith. Why was Smith, a disabled vet, homeless?
One thing that is never addressed is: Why are people homeless? What percentage are homeless by choice? What percentage because of mental illness? Drugs? How many will accept help if offered?
I suggest that the first step in solving the problem is getting a clear understanding of why people are homeless. Prevention is always much better and cheaper than the cure.Please, let's see a detailed article on this.
— Floyd Petersen, Loma Linda
North Korea's goal is to get status on the world's stage
Re “Summit is set: Trump-Kim to meet June 12 in Singapore” (May 10):
My perspective on the North Korean summit: The entire goal of the creation and deployment of North Korean's nuclear program was to be recognized as a major player on the world stage.There was no way they were ever going to launch an attack on anyone at the risk of being annihilated. They only wanted a seat at the table and they have now achieved that goal.
— Bud Weisbart, Fontana
Childish name-calling doesn't become president
Re “Trump isn't getting the credit they deserve” (Letters, May 9):
A letter writer asks why President Donald Trump shouldn't get credit for peace in Korea. There are a few reasons.
First of all, nothing has actually happened yet, unlike in Iran, where international inspectors on the ground say Iran is in compliance (just like inspectors said Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein didn't have weapons of mass destruction, and we know how disbelieving that turned out).
Then there's the fact that childish name-calling and threats should never be confused with diplomacy.Another good reason is that they had nothing to do with the negotiations between North Korea and South Korea, where the North made promising overtures. Besides that, heck yeah! Let's get them a Nobel!
— Michael Callaway, Upland
WOOD YOU BELIEVE IT? Knife-Sharpening Master Turns A Block Of Wood Into A Super Sharp Knife
Yes, this knife is sharp enough to cut and peel hard vegetables. And it's 100% wood.
Viral footage has emerged from a May 24 incident in Rzhyschiv, Ukraine, involving a suspected drunk driver not only annoying, but also evading local authorities.
Video recording begins showing the 27-year-old motorist successfully making a turn into a traffic circle while authorities overcorrect and crash into its cemented edge. The woman, after perhaps a few too many rounds at a local bar, is seen driving ‘round and ‘round a roundabout while one officer attempts to subdue.
Workers even move their vehicles to prevent the incessant circling before one officer hops in the wrecked police car and rams into the woman's passenger door. With their way around the roundabout now blocked, the woman finally decides to peel off from the scene.
According to local reports, they were quickly apprehended and taken to a hospital for drug and alcohol testing. Police have yet to release the woman's name or what provoked the taunting chase.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
AUSTIN, Texas — The family of Texas basketball star Andrew Jones says they are making "positive strides" in their leukemia treatment.
The sophomore guard was diagnosed in January and is at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston.
The family says in a statement Saturday that Jones recently was able to get out of bed, a "huge difference" from when they were first diagnosed.
Jones considered going to NBA after their first-year student season but returned to Texas. They were the team's leading scorer when sidelined for several games with a wrist fracture. They were diagnosed with leukemia after complaining of always feeling tired. Their last game was Jan. 1 against Iowa State.
President Rodrigo Duterte has vowed to put up hospitals for overseas filipino workers (OFWs) in countries where they work.
The President, fresh from a weeklong state visit in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Qatar which host at least one million OFWs, said establishing hospitals for Filipinos working abroad is a small token in return for the huge remittances that they send home that help keep the Philippine economy afloat. Last year, OFWs remitted $7.5 billion.
“What the OFWs need is a hospital. Many of them want to go home or are in need of medical attention. They are asking me for a hospital, so I will…we will look for the money and I will ask their (host countries') permission to establish even just a small, a general hospital to cater to all the health needs of our countrymen,” Duterte said.
“A hospital would just be a fraction of the OFWs' huge contribution to the country. It is important that we repay them with a hospital,” they added.
The President also gave assurances that distressed OFWs will be repatriated on a daily basis.
“I promise you that. We will do it everyday. We will have to spend money. I will look for the money. I will give you primary importance,” Duterte said.
The President said their three-country swing in the Middle East was productive, having secured $925 million investments deals.
“This is the most productive trip ever. The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Qatar were more than willing really to help the Filipinos. It is the national interest of the Republic of the Philippines that we maintain more than just good relationship with these countries,” they said.
Duterte considers the Middle East as a region of great importance to the Philippines because it hosts a huge number of Filipinos and is a partner for the Philippines' energy needs and an emerging source of broader two way-trade and investments.
“We agreed that it is in the interest of both our nations to uphold the welfare and well-being of Filipino workers.
This is an area of partnership that we are keen on making greater strides,” Duterte said.
“Whenever I talk to heads of state, I stressed that there is very much at stake here and that we want their nation to be stable, trouble-free and a good neighbor for everybody,” they added.
The President flew back to the Philippines on Sunday, bringing with them 138 OFWs stranded in the Middle East because of unresolved issues with their employers.
Social Welfare Secretary Judy Taguiwalo said their department will provide assistance to the OFWs as part of the administration's Sagip Sundo program.
Field offices of the Department of Social Welfare and Development will assess the condition of each OFW and they will be provided assistance “depending on their circumstances.”
S”[W]e're now in the process of referring them to concerned DSWD Field Offices in the different regions so they can be provided with the appropriate services and interventions,” Taguiwalo said in a statement. “We hope to provide our newly-returned [OFWs] with timely assistance and to help them start their new lives in the Philippines.”
WITH DEMPSEY REYES
New Delhi: Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of spreading "falsehood and canards" in a desperate bid to win the Gujarat elections and asked them to "apologize to the nation".
In a hard-hitting statement, Manmohan Singh denied allegations by Modi that they and others invited to dinner at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar's residence with Pakistani diplomats discussed the Gujarat election.
"I am deeply pained and anguished by the falsehood and canards being spread to score political points in a lost cause by none less than ... Modi," the Congress leader said.
"Fearing imminent defeat in Gujarat, desperation of the Prime Minister to hurl every abuse and latch on to every straw is palpable. "Sadly and regrettably, Modi is setting a dangerous precedent by their insatiable desire to tarnish every Constitutional office including that of a former Prime Minister and Army Chief," Manmohan Singh added. The statement follows Modi allegations at an election rally in Gujarat that guests at Aiyar's house, including Manmohan Singh and former Vice President Hamid Ansari, discussed the Gujarat election with Pakistan's High Commissioner to India and a former Pakistani Foreign Minister among others. "I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat elections with anyone else at the dinner hosted by Aiyar as alleged by Modi. Nor was the Gujarat issue raised by anyone else present at the dinner," Manmohan Singh said. "The discussion was confined to India-Pakistan relations," they added. Manmohan Singh said the Congress needed "no sermons on 'nationalism' from a party and Prime Minister whose compromised track record on fighting terrorism is well known. "Let me remind Modi that they had gone to Pakistan uninvited after the terrorist attacks in Udhampur and Gurdaspur. Let them also tell the country the reason for inviting the infamous ISI of Pakistan to our strategic air base in Pathankot to investigate a terror attack that emanated from Pakistan." Manmohan Singh went on: "I sincerely hope that the Prime Minister will show the maturity and gravitas expected of the high office they hold instead of concentrating their energy solely on erroneously conceived brownie points. "I sincerely hope that they will apologize to the nation for their ill thought transgression to restore the dignity of the office they occupy."
Time flies when Khloé Kardashian is loving True!
The first-time mom, 33, shared a new throwback photo of their baby girl on Instagram Story Wednesday. “My baby bunny,” Kardashian wrote in pink letters as the adorable photo showed True with a bunny filter on their sleeping face.
“She was only 2 weeks in this pic why is the time flying!! They will be 7 weeks tomorrow,” the Keeping Up with the Kardashians reality star wrote with four weary face emojis.
Kardashian previously shared the first-ever image of True on May 12 in honor of their child turning one-month-old.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Khloe Kardashian/Instagram
RELATED: It's True Love! The Cutest Photos of Khloé Kardashian's Daughter
The latest baby photo comes one day after Kardashian gushed about how they found their “bestie for life” in daughter True, who they welcomed on April 12 with NBA star boyfriend Tristan Thompson.
“I sometimes, still can't believe I'm a mommy!!! I'm so so thankful for such a blessing!!” they tweeted on Tuesday. “True is the sweetest ever! I got my bestie for life! Thank you Jesus for my angel.”
Also on Monday, Kardashian celebrated Memorial Day with True in Cleveland as seen in a mother-daughter selfie on Snapchat. In the photo, Kardashian had some fun with a filter featuring an American flag-themed pair of ears as they snuggled close to True.
Khloe Kardashian/Snapchat
Though fans and followers were unable to see True's face, the proud parent did show off their daughter's full head of hair, as well as their adorable floral pink headband, and gold and pink patterned blanket.
“Khloé seems great. They love being a mom and can't stop talking about True,” a source told PEOPLE on Monday, adding that the Good American mogul misses their family in Calabasas.
“She talks to their sisters several times a day,” the source said of Kardashian's siblings Kourtney and Kim Kardashian, and Kendall and Kylie Jenner.
VIENNA (AP) – Austria's food safety agency says it has found the first instances of eggs contaminated with Fipronil in the country.
The AGES agency says eight of 80 samples tested nationwide yielded traces of the insecticide, with the highest level at 0.1 milligrams a kilogram. That's below the EU limit of 0.72 milligrams a kilogram and AGES says the traces in Austria are 10 times lower than the highest concentration, found in Belgium.
advertisement
AGES said Monday the insecticide was found in shipments of egg products for restaurant use from Germany, The Netherlands, Belgium and Poland.
Experts say the risk of getting sick from eating an egg tainted with Fipronil is low. But the illegal use of the insecticide in spray to rid hens of ticks, fleas and lice has prompted European food safety agencies to issue warnings and recalls of possibly affected imports.
A Chinese state newspaper warned Monday that President Trump "could trigger a trade war" if they go ahead with plans to launch an investigation of whether China is stealing U.S. technology.
In a commentary by a researcher at a Commerce Ministry think tank, the China Daily said Mr. Trump's possible decision to launch an investigation, which an official says they will announce Monday, could "intensify tensions," especially over intellectual property, and "poison the overall China-US relationship."
The official told reporters Saturday the president would order their trade office to look into whether to launch an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 of possible Chinese theft of U.S. technology and intellectual property.
Mr. Trump is expected to sign an executive order Monday asking their trade office to consider the probe. In the midst of a 17-day vacation, they plan to leave their New Jersey golf club and return to Washington to sign the order.
There is no deadline for deciding if any investigation is necessary. Such an investigation easily could last a year.
It would come despite the president seeking China's help in the ongoing showdown with North Korea.
China's Foreign Ministry said Monday the issues of U.S. trade and North Korea aren't connected and there's no future in a trade war between China and the United States, the Reuters news agency reports. Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying made the comment at a regular press briefing.
A decision to use the Trade Act to rebalance trade with China "could trigger a trade war," the state newspaper commentary said under the name of researcher Mei Xinyu of the ministry's International Trade and Economic Cooperation Institute.
"And the inquiry the U.S. administration has ordered into China's trade policies, if carried out, could intensify tensions, especially on intellectual property rights."
The commentary gave no indication of how Beijing might respond but Chinese law gives regulators broad discretion over what foreign companies can do in China.
If an investigation begins, Washington could seek remedies either through the World Trade Organization or outside of it.
Previous U.S. actions directed at China under the 1974 law had little effect, said the China Daily. It noted China has grown to become the biggest exporter and has the world's largest foreign exchange reserves.
"The use of Section 301 by the U.S. will not have much impact on China's progress toward stronger economic development and a better future," said the newspaper.
© 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.
Now Supernatural is truly a family business, onscreen and off.
One Tree Hill actor Danneel Ackles joins their husband, star Jensen Ackles, on the CW drama next Thursday (at 8/7c), and their character is already making friends and foes in these new photos.
Ackles will recur as Sister Jo, a faith healer who attracts the attention of the devil… so much so that they strike an unlikely deal with them Welp, that can't be good. And we're also not liking the way Lucifer seems to have a forcible grip on Jo. Luckily, Dean and Sam come to their aid — but will it be too late? The episode's title is “Devil's Bargain.”
Elsewhere in the first look, Cas is finally reunited with the Winchesters. (That's going to be one heck of a catch-up session!) Not pictured: “Asmodeus inches closer to finding Jack,” per the official description.
Scroll through the gallery above (or click here) for a sneak peek, then hit the comments with your thoughts.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Aaron Reyna is accused of killing Dana Fegueroa in a trailer in Immokalee in October 2014. They face a second-degree murder charge and two charges of shooting into a dwelling. Wochit
Reyna (Photo: CCSO)
A December trial date has been set for a LaBelle man accused of fatally shooting a woman in 2014 on the Seminole reservation near Immokalee.
During a case management conference Friday, Collier Circuit Judge Frederick Hardt scheduled Aaron Reyna's trial to begin Dec. 4, court documents show.
Reyna, 26, faces a second-degree murder charge and two charges of shooting into a dwelling, according to court documents. If convicted, they could face up to life in prison.
The trial was initially scheduled to start in August, but Hardt granted a delay after defense attorneys said they needed more time to evaluate hundreds of pages of new evidence.
In July, prosecutors offered Reyna a 55-year plea deal with a minimum mandatory sentence of 25 years, but Reyna's team did not accept.
The December trial is expected to last three to four days, said James Zonas, Reyna's attorney.
Reyna is accused of killing Dana Fegueroa, 29, in a trailer in the 500 block of Dorothy Billie Jimmie Way in Immokalee in October 2014, according to court records.
A witness told detectives that Fegueroa and Reyna got into an argument after they asked for a ride to work, court documents say. The witness said they saw Reyna follow Fegueroa into a bedroom and heard several gunshots.
Fegueroa's boyfriend told investigators that Reyna shot them four times in the back of their head, according to court records. The boyfriend also said Reyna made them stay in the trailer at gunpoint and forced them to look at Fegueroa's body.
Collier sheriff's deputies, SWAT team members and hostage negotiators got Reyna out of the trailer and into custody after a four-hour standoff. During that standoff, Reyna said they wanted to be taken seriously and fired a shot inside the trailer, according to court records.
In an interview with detectives, Reyna said Fegueroa "disrespected" them during the argument and cursed at him, court records say.
Reyna has been held without bail since their arrest.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/crime/2017/10/06/trial-set-man-accused-killing-woman-2014-seminole-reservation/738999001/
Jada Pinkett Smith is missing Whitney Houston.
The 46-year-old actor posted a collage of old photos featuring the iconic singer, who died in 2012 at age 48 following a years-long struggle with addiction.
“These are the only pics I have of Whitney and I. I'm pregnant with [son Jaden Smith]. They came to my baby shower,” Pinkett Smith captioned the post.
The three snaps show the duo talking — Houston dressed in an all-white outfit while the Red Table Talk host's baby bump was prominent under their black ensemble. The photos were presumably taken in 1998, when Jaden was born.
They continued, “Whitney was so sweet, so fierce … so real. They were funny and fun and so … present. As talented and famous as they were … they didn't wear it on their sleeve. Not many of us in this business can claim that … not even myself at certain points in my life. They were so down to earth… that's what I admired about them most. If only we could have celebrated them more while they were here.”
Pinkett Smith concluded the touching post, “You are missed Whitney😘✨.”
In 2012, Pinkett Smith revealed that they were in Costa Rica when Houston died, sharing a piece of artwork they made on the tragic day.
“I was in Costa Rica when Whitney Houston died. I painted this there that very day. It's called…'the day Whitney died,'” they captioned the post on Facebook.
RELATED: Whitney Houston Was Sexually Abused by Them Cousin, Singer Dee Dee Warwick, New Documentary Claims
Houston was found dead in a bathtub at The Beverly Hilton hotel in 2012. The music icon's death was ruled an accidental drowning, with heart disease and cocaine use also factors. In August 2012, their autopsy revealed they also had marijuana, Xanax, Benadryl and other medication in their system.
Them sister-in-law and former manager, Pat Houston, recently defended a new documentary that intimately explores the singer's life.
“Everyone that has a life has a story,” they said on Good Morning America. “It's their story and it's played out in the documentary. They narrated a lot of it herself. It's just their life and their story as the family would see it, and the friends, who dealt with it every single day.”
BK Int'l to get final payment soon for works on Haags Bosch landfill
GINA, GUYANA, Tuesday, February 14, 2017
The Government is moving to resolve the final chapter in the payment of settlement to contractor, BK International, over the operations of the Haags Bosch Landfill site, aback of Eccles, East Bank Demerara.
BK International, whose management of the Haags Bosch Landfill was terminated by the former government in December 2015, was last year, awarded an out-of-court settlement of $1.1 Billion as outstanding payment for the construction and the daily management of the Eccles site.
Appearing before the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) recently, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Communities, Emil McGarrel clarified that $849 Million of the settlement has since been paid to the contractor.
McGarrel explained that the outstanding amount is targeted to be paid ‘sometime this month.' The payment has been budgeted for in the 2017 Budget, McGarrel said.
They explained that in the disbursement of the $849 Million, two payments were made to the contractor. The first payment was made on July 12, 2016 and the second on September 10, 2016. They added that the first payment was covered under a budgetary allocation and the second, was made by virtue of a supplementary budget.
The previous administration terminated BK International's contract for the construction and operations of the landfill on February 27, 2015, on the grounds that the company had missed deadlines and committed other breaches.
BK International through it its lawyer, responded by filing a lawsuit on March 13, 2015, asking Chief Justice (Ag) Ian Chang, to overturn the decision to terminate the contract. The contractor also claimed outstanding payments for one-and-a-half-year, for the construction and daily management of the site.
Chang, in November 2015 ruled in favour of BK, International. Subsequently an out-of-court settlement was worked out between the contractor and the current government through the Ministry of Legal Affairs.
The Government had said that it had settled with BK International, on the ground that it was crucial for moving forward with the development of the Haags Bosch Landfill site. The contract for the management and operation of the landfill was later awarded to Puran Brothers' Disposal Incorporated.
The close to US$20 Million Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) funded Haags Bosch landfill programme catered for the closing of the outdated and inefficient Le Repentir solid waste disposal site in the centre of Georgetown and replacing it with a new, privately-operated sanitary landfill intended to serve both the city and surrounding East Bank Demerara neighbourhoods.
The programme also includes the preparation of a master plan for waste management, as well as training for public and private entities which operate in the sector.
By:Macalia Santos
An emergency services worker stands in flood water as they help to clear the flooding in Stalybridge, Britain November 22, 2016. REUTERS/Phil Noble
(Corrects nationality of MEP Fernandes)
STRASBOURG Britain will get 60 million euros (51.3 million pounds) from the European Union to repair damage caused by the floods last year, a lawmaker said on Tuesday.
Britain had asked for EU support to rebuild infrastructure damaged by heavy rains in the winter of 2015-16. European Parliament lawmakers will approve the grants on Wednesday, clearing the way for the funds to be disbursed, parliament officials said.
"When one member state has a problem, others actively collaborate and help. The UK will benefit from EU solidarity despite Brexit and the triggering of Article 50", said the lawmaker in charge of the dossier, Portuguese conservative José Manuel Fernandes.
Britain began last week the two-year process of quitting the EU, but it will remain a full member state until Brexit occurs, sharing benefits and costs of the membership. The settlement of Britain's financial commitments to the EU is considered one of the most contentious issues in the negotiations.
The aid to the flood-stricken regions will come from the EU Solidarity Fund, which is used to help countries hit by natural disasters. It is the second time that Britain has received financial support from the fund since it was set up in 2002.
In total, Britain has been allocated more than 220 million euros in EU solidarity aid, making the country the third largest beneficiary after Italy and Germany. The former was hit in the last decade by several earthquakes and floods; the latter by floods.
The procedure to release the funds was approved by the European Commission in January after Britain requested help and detailed the support needed. EU states have already approved the aid for Britain.
The EU Solidarity Fund has a financial reserve of more than 1 billion euros.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio @fraguarascio; editing by Larry King)
SICK of your job as a teacher, tailor or miner? How about spy?
If you ever had a fantasy about life as a secret intelligence officer, Australia's most secret service would like a quick chat online.
Backed by a major budget increase — even the details of which are a secret — the Australian Secret Intelligence Service is launching one of the biggest recruitment drives in its history, through a novel online screening check that promises “the most interesting job interview you're likely to face”.
But any boy wonder hoping for a machismo-fuelled James Bond experience, involving virtual car chases and maybe a shoot-out or two, is likely to be disappointed.
ASIS says it is looking for “smart, perceptive, empathetic” candidates, and the online test focuses more on close attention to small details, your ability to read the mood of people you're talking to, and whether you can successfully overhear a conversation in a crowded room.
Only one in a thousand applicants for ASIS jobs gets through the screening process.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop — to whom ASIS ultimately answers, and who supplies most of the glamour that the rest of the organisation arguably lacks — says ASIS wants to expand the pool of applicants outside of its traditional graduate programs, and is targeting anyone with the “human intelligence” to serve their country.
“While these qualities are special, they are not unique. The same skills are required for a variety of professions ranging from teaching to customer service. Potential applicants could come from diverse backgrounds,” they said.
Teachers, bakers, miners and other potential spies should head to www.morehumanintelligence.com.au to have a crack.
Full disclosure: this reporter took the test and bombed miserably, receiving a polite response suggesting they consider alternate career paths.
Medical app aims to tackle rape, flag war crimes in conflict-torn Congo
DAKAR, June 14 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Activists behind an app designed to assist doctors document evidence of sexual violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo aim to go beyond obtaining justice for rape victims and collect data which could help secure prosecutions for war crimes.
Canada's Armenian community has launched a coordinated grassroot and lobbying campaign to convince the Liberal government to annul export permits for the sale of Canadian-made armoured personnel carriers to Azerbaijan, according to Armenian community leaders.
The campaign started after Radio Canada International and CBC reported in July that the Toronto-based manufacturer INKAS Armored Vehicle Manufacturing has signed a deal with Azerbaijan's interior ministry under which the company has already delivered “a few” Canadian-made armoured personnel carriers (APCs) to the oil-rich former Soviet republic.
The privately owned company has also set up a joint venture with an Azerbaijani firm to produce APCs in Azerbaijan, which has been embroiled in a simmering armed conflict with neighbouring Armenia since the breakup of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s, said Roman Shimonov, vice-president of marketing and business development at INKAS.
Canadian Armenians dismayed
Chahé Tanachian, the Montreal-based president of the Canadian-Armenian Political Affairs Committee, the lobbying arm of the Armenian General Benevolent Union (AGBU), one of the oldest and largest Armenian Diaspora organizations, sent a letter to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to express the community's concerns.
“Canadians of Armenian descent and human rights activists throughout the country are dismayed by Global Affairs Canada's recent approval of the export of Canadian-made armoured personnel carriers (produced by INKAS Armored Vehicle Manufacturing) to Azerbaijan,” Tanachian wrote.
“The decision to furnish arms to a country which regularly threatens peace in the region is one that violates all the principles that we as Canadians stand for, and which Global Affairs Canada seeks to promote in the world.”
The controversy over the sale of INKAS APCs to Azerbaijan comes as the government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is dealing with the outcry over revelations by Radio Canada International that very similar armoured vehicles produced by another Canadian manufacturer, Terradyne Armored Vehicles, were used by Saudi security forces in their heavy-handed crackdown on a Shia-populated town in the kingdom's restive Qatif region, as well as the ongoing controversy over the sale of $15 billion worth of Light Armoured Vehicles (LAVs) to the ultra-conservative kingdom.
Grassroots campaign
A local resident walks past police vehicles after recent mass protests in the town of Ismailli, 200 km (125 miles) northwest of the capital Baku, January 25, 2013. Azeri police used tear gas and water cannon to disperse hundreds of protesters demanding a local leader's resignation after cars and a hotel were torched in a night of rioting. © David Mdzinarishvili
Sevag Belian, executive director of the Armenian National Committee of Canada (ANCC), one of the main groups lobbying the government on issues of concern of the Canadian-Armenian community, said the news of the exports of armoured personnel carriers to Azerbaijan created “great outrage” in the community.
“We reached out to the concerned governmental departments and agencies, namely Global Affairs Canada,” Belian said in an interview with Radio Canada International.
(click to listen to the interview with Sevag Belian)
The ANCC has also reached out to more than 50 Members of Parliament, requesting them to make either oral or written representations to Global Affairs to relay the message that the entire Canadian Armenian community “is absolutely appalled,” Belian said.
The ANCC has activated a national grass roots campaign and set up a mass email campaign appealing to the government to annul permits for the export of Canadian-made defence equipment to Azerbaijan, they said.
The campaign has bombarded the Liberal government with over 1,200 emails and letters, requesting a meeting with top government officials to discuss the issue, Belian said.
Meeting with government officials
Adam Austen, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland's spokesperson, said Parliamentary Secretary Matt DeCourcey will be meeting with the representatives of the Armenian community at the earliest possible convenience.
“Armenia is a close friend and ally of Canada,” Austen said. “We have strong people-to-people ties and an economic relationship that benefits both countries. We are proud to work closely with the Armenian community in Canada as well as the Armenian government.”
Community ‘hysteria'?
However, Azerbaijan's envoy in Canada dismissed the campaign by the Armenian community as “hysteria.”
“The illegal presence of Armenian armed forces in the occupied territories of Azerbaijan remains a main cause for the escalation of the situation and continues to pose a threat to regional peace and stability,” Azerbaijan's Chargé d'Affaires in Ottawa Ramil Huseynli said in a written statement. “In contrast, the acquisition of armoured personnel carriers from a Canadian company does not pose such a threat, as these vehicles are intended only for law enforcement and civilian transport.”
Cooperation between the Canadian company and its Azerbaijani counterpart creates jobs for Canadians, the envoy said.
“In this light, the hysteria of the Armenian community, who should put Canadian interests above the rest, is unintelligible,” said Huseynli.
‘Thorough crackdown on dissenting voices'
Police detain a protester in the town of Ismaili, 200 km (124 miles) northwest of the capital Baku, January 24, 2013. Azeri police used tear gas and water cannon to disperse hundreds of protesters demanding a local leader's resignation on Thursday after cars and a hotel were torched in a night of rioting. © Stringer .
Groups such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have criticized Azerbaijan's human rights record and accused it of a “thorough crackdown on dissenting voices,” as well as persistent reports of torture and other ill-treatment perpetrated by its law enforcement agencies.
In November 2015, Azerbaijani police used Israeli-made armoured personnel carriers similar to those produced by INKAS in a controversial security operation that resulted in the death of six people and dozens of arrests in the town of Nardaran, about 30 kilometres northeast of the capital Baku.
The federal government granted INKAS permits for the export of APCs despite its own ongoing concerns over Azerbaijan's poor human rights record. In a statement sent to RCI earlier, Global Affairs officials admitted that Canada is “concerned with the recurring crackdown on fundamental freedoms in Azerbaijan, particularly with respect to journalists and human rights defenders in the country.”
In addition, INKAS and AZCAN, its joint venture company in Azerbaijan, laud the military applications of their vehicles in the sales pitch.
Weapons buying spree
In this image made from video on Sunday, April 3, 2016, a Grad missile is fired by Azerbaijani forces in the village of Gapanli, Azerbaijan. © AP video via AP
According to data collected by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) over the last two decades, Azerbaijan has spent over $30 billion ($25 billion US) of its oil wealth to rearm and retrain its military, purchasing high-tech weapons and munitions from Russia, Israel, Turkey, Ukraine and Pakistan.
According to the 2016 Report on Exports of Military Goods from Canada, Azerbaijan bought $378,705 worth of fire arms and ground vehicles in Canada. Ottawa, however, denied a permit for the export of automatic firearms to Azerbaijan in 2016 because it is not on Canada's list of countries authorised for exports of such weapons.
Belian said they cannot accept assurances from Canadian officials that Canadian weapons being exported to Azerbaijan will not be used against civilians or Armenian soldiers along the front line of Nagorno-Karabakh.
“It's a matter of principle,” Belian said. “Canada is becoming complicit in further empowering the dictatorial regime in Baku and becoming complicit in their efforts of suppressing the very fundamental rights that Canadian soldiers have shed their blood for.”
Seeking peaceful solution
An ethnic Armenian soldier adjusts a cannon's aim at artillery positions near the Nagorno-Karabakh's town of Martuni, April 7, 2016. © Reuters Staff
As a full member of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) Canada can play a pivotal role in the resolution of the Nagorno-Karabakh crisis by exerting pressure on Azerbaijan to make sure it agrees to a beefed up ceasefire monitoring regime along the frontline between the two opposing forces, Belian said.
Canada also fully supports the OSCE's efforts to forge a peaceful and comprehensive settlement between Armenia and Azerbaijan in the Nagorno-Karbakh region, Austen said.
“We fully agree with the OSCE Minsk group that a military solution is not the answer,” Austen said.
March 30 Horizon Pharma Plc:
* Horizon Pharma Plc - borrowed $850 million aggregate principal amount of loans pursuant to an amendment to credit agreement, dated as of May 7, 2015
* Horizon Pharma Plc - interest rate applicable to refinancing loans is libor plus 3.75%, subject to a libor floor of 1.0%.
* Horizon Pharma Plc - proceeds of refinancing loans to repay refinanced loans, which totaled $769 million - SEC filing Source text: (bit.ly/2nOKIlr) Further company coverage:
Ligier's JSP4 made its public debut at the Autosport International show last month. (Ligier)
The UK-based LMP3 Cup Championship will open its doors to Ligier JSP4 cars ahead of its second season.
Launched in 2017, the JSP4 is an entry-level prototype that falls under the FIA-sanctioned Free Formula Racing Cars (Group E) category.
Its introduction is expected to boost interest in the ACO-sanctioned series, which struggled for entries during its inaugural campaign last year.
In addition to teams committing to the JSP4 package, the 2018 LMP3 Cup is set to attract customer outfits running the Ligier JSP3 and Norma M30 LMP3 prototypes.
“I am delighted to confirm that having worked closely with the ACO and MSVR we have reached an agreement to run this class,” said Bute Motorsport managing director Chris Haynes.
“This move will further cement the status of the LMP3 Cup as the go-to championship for those who aspire to race at Le Mans, whilst broadening its appeal to more teams and drivers alike.”
The 2018 LMP3 Cup calendar will take in 12 rounds across six weekends, including two shared races with the Bute-run GT Cup at Spa-Francorchamps in June.
It has not been confirmed how the JSP4 will fit into the championship class system, which currently sub-divides its entries based on the lineup's FIA driver ratings.
The JSP4 is manufactured by Onroak Automotive, and is one of three sports prototypes currently issued under the ‘JSP' moniker, alongside the JSP3 and the JSP217 LMP2 car.
It is powered by a 3.7 litre V6 Ford engine capable of producing 420 brake horsepower – the same amount as the JSP3's V8 Nissan unit.
“It makes perfect sense to have an additional ‘P4' style class alongside the LMP3 cars, in the same way GT racing around the world has GT3 and GT4,” said Richard Dean, managing director of Ligier UK agent United Autosports.
“The Ligier P4 cars, share the same carbon fibre monocoque and safety standards as the Ligier LMP3 cars, so they complement each other well and serve as both a feeder series and training ground.”
“We have had a great reception at Autosport International when we launched the P4 car and all that was really missing was a UK series where you can regularly race these cars. Congratulations to Bute Motorsport and the ACO in taking the initiative.”
The opening weekend of the LMP3 Cup will take place at Donington Park on April 21-22.
WASHINGTON - Vegetarian, especially vegan, diets are associated with better cardiovascular health, according to a new review published in the journal Progress in Cardiovascular Diseases.
Researchers with the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine looked at multiple clinical trials and observational studies and found strong and consistent evidence that plant-based dietary patterns can prevent and reverse atherosclerosis and decrease other markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, including blood pressure, blood lipids, and weight.
The review found that a plant-based diet:
Reduces the risk of death from cardiovascular disease by 40 percent.
Reduces the risk of coronary heart disease by 40 percent.
Fully or partially opens blocked arteries in up to 91 percent of patients.
Reduces the risk of hypertension by 34 percent.
Is associated with 29 mg/dL and 23 mg/dL lower total cholesterol and LDL-C levels, respectively, compared with non-vegetarian diets.
Is associated with weight loss.
"A plant-based diet has the power to not only prevent heart disease, but also manage and sometimes even reverse it--something no drug has ever done," says study author Hana Kahleova, M.D., Ph.D., Physicians Committee director of clinical research.
The review notes that a healthy diet and lifestyle reduces the risk for a heart attack by 81-94 percent, while medications can only reduce the risk by 20-30 percent.
Plant-based diets benefit heart health because they're rich in fiber and phytonutrients--like carotenoids, anthocyanins, and lycopene--which reduce inflammation and oxidative stress. Animal products are packed with saturated fat, cholesterol, heme iron, and environmental pollutants and can harm heart health.
"Heart disease is the world's leading cause of death. This study proves it doesn't have to be," says Dr. Kahleova.
Around the globe, cardiovascular disease is responsible for 46 percent of non-communicable disease deaths, or 17.5 million deaths a year.
###
For a copy of the study or an interview with the study authors, please reach out to Laura Anderson at landerson@PCRM.org or 202-527-7396.
Founded in 1985, the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine is a nonprofit health organization that promotes good nutrition for disease prevention.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects in para 3 to say the company's comprehensive income in 2015 was a negative 1.3 bln dirhams due to a fall in the market value of some assets)
ABU DHABI, March 30 Abu Dhabi's state-owned Mubadala Development Co, which is merging with fellow Abu Dhabi-owned International Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC), said on Thursday its net profit nearly tripled in 2016.
Mubadala, which is focused on developing Abu Dhabi's economy through local companies such as clean energy firm Masdar and stakes in international players such as General Electric, is among the few state-controlled firms to publish results.
The company reported a net profit of 3.3 billion dirhams ($899 million) for 2016, compared to a net profit of 1.2 billion dirhams in 2015. Its total comprehensive income, which comprises all forms of income, was 4.1 billion dirhams in 2016, recovering from a negative 1.3 billion dirhams in 2015 when the market value of some assets fell.
Its revenues grew to 31.5 billion dirhams in 2016 from 29.7 billion dirhams in the previous year, while income from financial investments, the main driver of its profit totalled 5.4 billion dirhams in 2016 versus 3.4 billion dirhams in 2015.
"It has been a strong year for Mubadala in terms of profits and revenue growth and managing our leverage," Khaldoon al-Mubarak, chief executive & managing director told Reuters.
"We reduced our leverage from 14 percent in 2015 to 11.2 percent end of 2016," they added.
Mubadala's merger with IPIC is due to be fully completed in May and the combined group will have assets of about $125 billion.
For a related story on Mubadala's investment plans, click on ($1 = 3.6729 dirhams) (Reporting by Stanley Carvalho; Editing by Susan Fenton/David Evans/Alexander Smith)
WEST VIRGINIA (WOAY) – Average retail gasoline prices in West Virginia have risen 4.2 cents per gallon in the past week, averaging $2.53/g yesterday, according to GasBuddy's daily survey of 1,154 gas outlets in West Virginia. This compares with the national average that has increased 2.5 cents per gallon in the last week to $2.54/g, according to gasoline price website GasBuddy.com.
Including the change in gas prices in West Virginia during the past week, prices yesterday were 29.9 cents per gallon higher than the same day one year ago and are 0.7 cents per gallon lower than a month ago. The national average has increased 2.9 cents per gallon during the last month and stands 25.3 cents per gallon higher than this day one year ago.
According to GasBuddy historical data, gasoline prices on March 19 in West Virginia have ranged widely over the last five years:
$2.24/g in 2017, $1.92/g in 2016, $2.41/g in 2015, $3.54/g in 2014 and $3.75/g in 2013.
Areas near West Virginia and their current gas price climate:
Pittsburgh- $2.78/g, down 1.1 cents per gallon from last week's $2.79/g.
Charleston- $2.51/g, up 2.5 cents per gallon from last week's $2.49/g.
Virginia- $2.37/g, up 2.4 cents per gallon from last week's $2.35/g.
“Gas prices remained mostly in check over the last week, yet the national average pushed higher than seasonal factors continue to weigh on the market, led by jumps at the pump in some Great Lakes states over the weekend,” said Patrick DeHaan, head of petroleum analysis for GasBuddy. “The national average now stands at its highest level in over a month and is likely to continue moving higher in the weeks ahead as demand continues to recover from the winter blues and the transition to summer gasoline kicks into high gear. Overall, gas prices this spring will come in some 10-25% higher than a year ago, removing billions of dollars from other areas of the economy that will instead be funneled to the pump.”
For LIVE fuel price averages, visit http://FuelInsights.GasBuddy.com.
About GasBuddy
GasBuddy is the technology company changing the way more than 70 million consumers find, purchase, and save money on gasoline. Founded in 2000, the original GasBuddy website was a pioneer in crowd-sourced information, leveraging technology, big data, and a passionate community that now connects more than 70 million users with real-time, accurate fuel pricing information as well as reliable reviews of gas station amenities and services. The app and website have the most accurate and real-time fuel prices at over 140,000 unique stations in the United States, Canada, and Australia and is the most comprehensive money-saving companion while on the road. GasBuddy is available on all mobile platforms. For more information, visit www.gasbuddy.com.
Comments
The following deaths have occurred in the Leitrim area:
Michael (Micky) Cronogue, Viewmount, Dublin Rd, Longford Town, Longford
Formerly of Granard, Co. Longford. Predeacesed by their brothers Matt, Jimmy and Johnny, sisters Julia and Maureen, nieces Noreen and Jane. Peacefully in Tallaght Hospital, Dublin, surrounded by their loving family. Micky will be sadly missed by their loving wife Mary, daughters Jean and Karen, sons Paul, John and David, grandchildren Adam, Brandon and Sofia, (sisters Bella and Kathleen, brother Tommy,Granard), nieces, nephews, relatives, neighbours and friends. Remains reposing in Connell's Funeral Home, Church St, Battery Rd, Longford, on Wednesday from 7pm until 9pm. Funeral prayers also in the Funeral Home on Thursday morning at 11am followed with burial in Ballymacormack Cemetery. House Private Please, Family Only.
Lottie (Charlotte) McCarron, The Cresent, Boyle, Roscommon / Dublin
McCARRON (The Cresent, Boyle, Co. Roscommon) April 21, 2018 (peacefully) in St. Vincent's Hospital, Lottie (Charlotte), predeceased by their beloved mother and father Bernard and Kathleen, sister Esther and brother Paddy. Very sadly missed by their best friend and sister Bernie Layden, brother Bill, nieces, nephews, extended family, friends and the wonderful caring staff of Cairnhill Nursing Home, Bray. Reposing today, Tuesday at the home of their niece Angela (Dublin) from 5pm to 8pm. Removal Wednesday to St. Joseph's Church, Boyle, arriving for 11am Funeral Mass followed by burial in Assylin Cemetery.
May they all rest in peace.
OPPORTUNISTIC sports fans are turning parts of East Perth into a makeshift parking lot during Optus Stadium events, prompting anger from some nearby residents.
The Sunday Times photographed cars parked bumper to bumper along Summers Street and surrounds ahead of the Perth Scorchers semifinal BBL clash with Hobart on Thursday.
With few parking restrictions in place, stadium visitors are using the area to stash their cars before walking across the Windan Bridge. City of Vincent chief executive Len Kosova confirmed the council had received “a small number of complaints from residents” regarding the influx of vehicles on event days.
They said rangers were yet to issue any infringement notices but introducing tougher parking restrictions was under consideration.
“The city's rangers have been monitoring car parking practices during the recent stadium open day, ODI and BBL semifinal,” Mr Kosova said.
“The city will continue to assess the local impact of Optus Stadium events prior to considering if further parking restrictions are warranted.”
Camera Icon Bumper-to-bumper parking in East Perth. Picture: Ross Swanborough
Mr Kosova said they had not raised the issue with either Optus Stadium management or the State Government.
Meanwhile, Transport Minister Rita Saffioti has ruled out adding stops at Perth Stadium station to the regular Transperth timetable in the short term, citing budgetary constraints.
“As part of the stadium budget there was no funding allocated by the former government to make the Perth Stadium station a stop for all services,” they said. “Additional funding would be required to purchase the additional rail cars and to fund the additional costs of operating the station. I would like to see the station open in the future for all services, in particular as activity increases around the stadium.”
Perth Stadium Steering Committee minutes, obtained under the Freedom of Information Act, reveal Perth Stadium station was originally planned to operate year round but that adding the station to the regular timetable would require additional carriages and could result in the closure of a station on the Armadale line.
By: John Miller
millerjoh@mnstate.edu
The MSUM women's soccer team came up short in a hard-fought battle against Augustana on Sunday, losing 1-0.
The Dragons fell to 1-5-1 in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) and 1-6-2 overall. Augustana improved to 6-0-1 in the NSIC and 7-1-2 overall.
Mackenzie Main scored what ended up being the game-winning goal in the 10th minute on an assist from Samantha Tymkowicz.
Senior goalkeeper Reagan VonBerge recorded 13 saves for the Dragons, allowing only Main's goal.
Freshman Tomomi Nishihara led MSUM's offensive attack with two shots, including one on goal. Freshman Avery Wood also had a shot on goal.
Head coach Christie Kopietz was proud of their team for how hard they played and for sticking to their plan.
“I was really pleased with the effort today. Everyone trusted each other and that's critical,” Kopietz said. “I thought they followed the game-plan I set up for them really well. It's my job as a coach to set them up to succeed and it was great to see them follow it.”
The intention was for their team to play with a low-pressure style. Kopietz wanted to make sure the Dragons didn't give Augustana much to work with and to capitalize on the Vikings' mistakes when they got frustrated and turned the ball over.
Kopietz said the Dragons must improve its play when they have a scoring opportunity in front of them, as Augustana outshot MSUM 28-7.
“I think we get some opportunities, but we just have to be able to find that composure,” Kopietz said. “So we're going to do some things in practice to get them comfortable in those moments where they have to score.”
Despite that it was a wet, gloomy day and the Dragons lost, spirits were lifted by the presence of loved ones, as Sunday was “Family Day” for Dragons soccer.
Many parents came out to show their support and embark in postgame festivities, including those of sophomore defender Lindsey Brownell.
“My parents, boyfriend and boyfriend's mom are here today,” Brownell said. “It's very important to be able to play in front of them. They've supported me through everything and are the reason I play soccer.”
After the game, the team and families had a tailgating party, with an expected turnout of over 100 people.
Following the conclusion of family tailgating, the Dragons will have an early-week break, but will get back to business on Wednesday in preparation for its next opponent.
Next, MSUM hosts Minnesota Crookston for the battle of the Highway 75 Rivalry Rock on Friday. It will be an opportunity for the team to recover from its four-game losing streak, as Minnesota Crookston has a 0-9 record.
“We have Tuesday off to rest, but have to make sure we come hard on Wednesday so we're ready to take the Rock home Friday against Crookston,” Brownell said.
Share this: Tweet
(Repeats to additional subscribers)
BRUSSELS, April 5 Europe's highest court on Wednesday said Bulgaria had breached limits for hazardous air pollutants, a ruling environmental group said would help in their efforts to force countries to take action over poor air quality.
The European Court of Justice said higher concentrations of particulate matter - small dust particles blamed for breathing problems and heart disease - recorded at several sites in Bulgaria from 2007 to 2014 showed severe breaches of EU clean air quality rules.
There were no fines attached to the ruling.
Apart from Bulgaria, the European Union executive has begun legal action against 15 countries over breaches of air quality standards, including particulate matter. The ECJ is currently reviewing a case against Poland.
The ruling, the first time the Court has endorsed EU air pollution rules, was seized upon by campaigners as a precedent for other cases.
"The Court of Justice has opened the door for major progress in Europe's fight for clean air and clarified that people's health comes first," Ugo Taddei, a lawyer for ClientEarth, said.
Bulgaria will now have to work with the European Commission to improve the situation.
The Commission has estimated premature deaths attributable to air pollution in 2013 at 13,700 in Bulgaria and around 400,000 in the EU as a whole. (Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek. Editing by Jane Merriman)
Quarterback Carson Wentz gave the Philadelphia Eagles some encouragement Monday when they made throws inside the team's practice facility in a video posted to their social media account.
Wentz, who is rehabbing from a torn ACL and LCL, posted a 12-second clip on their Instagram page. The video is a montage of them dropping back to pass four times while they wear a brace on their left knee.
Wentz injured their left knee in December against the Los Angeles Rams but appears to be progressing quickly by throwing on their own.
Wentz is aiming to return for the 2018 season opener after undergoing surgery on Dec. 13.
Wentz was hurt as they took a big hit on a third-quarter touchdown run that was called back because of a penalty. They came up limping after absorbing multiple hits on the run but stayed in the game and threw a three-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery four plays later to give the Eagles the lead.
Wentz threw for 33 touchdowns this year to move past Sonny Jurgensen for the most in a single season in franchise history, a record that stood since 1961. Wentz completed 60.2 percent of their passes for 3,296 yards with just seven interceptions in 13 games in 2017.
For their two-year career, they have 49 touchdown passes and 21 interceptions.
LaRose
Louise Erdrich
New York, HarperCollins Publishers, 2016, Pp. 372
In their fifteenth novel, Louise Erdrich combines myth, hard-boiled reality and their own family history to tell an intense, emotionally charged story. The narrative unfolds on the cusp of a set of opposites which seem headed towards collision, but just as often meld together in unexpected ways. Set in North Dakota, on the boundary line between an Ojibwe reservation and the adjacent town of Pluto, “LaRose” is peopled by Native Americans and Americans of European descent, and many of mixed blood.
Sometimes the two communities seem at odds, at other times they coalesce. Still, none of the characters are mere symbols for their community. One learns a lot about the history and contemporary reality of the Ojibwes from their actions and memories, but each one is very individual and unpredictable. Erdrich obviously prefers characters who refuse to be defined by convention.
The most obvious opposite is between Native American culture as opposed to the “American way of life”. With the story weaving back and forth in time, this conflict is traced from the early days of outright extermination campaigns and land-grabs against Native Americans, to the era of forced assimilation of Indian youth in boarding schools, and up to the second millennium, by which time new generations have created their own synthesis of both worlds.
Parallel to this is the Native American belief system where only a thin veil separates the living from the spirit world inhabited by their dead ancestors. Many of the characters adhere to both the Catholicism brought by missionaries and their traditional beliefs.
A five-year-old boy gives their name to the novel for they are at the heart of these opposites.  They are the fifth LaRose in a family that has had someone of that name in each generation since the late 19th century, each possessing special powers, such as communing with the spirit world, leaving their own body, flying, healing and fighting off demons. LaRose is also representative of the new generation`s fusion of the traditional and the contemporary. They have direct access to the spirit world but is also a typical child of their times, playing with American superheroes. Most of all, they are at the centre of the main conflict with which the novel opens.
Aiming for a deer while out hunting, La Rose`s father, Landreaux Irons, accidently shoots and kills Dusty, the five-year-old son of their neighbour and good friend, Peter Ravich. Faced with this seemingly irreparable tragedy, fearing that no one in either family can go on living, Landreaux and their wife, Emmaline, resort to traditional practices and decide to give their son to the Ravich family. This “unspeakable gift” [p. 17] guides the rest of the plot to explore two themes —how this unusual trade-off will affect the two families, both parents and siblings, and whether it will fulfill the criteria of justice, heal the Ravichs` pain and keep them from seeking revenge. Erdrich seems to be asking if there are other, more merciful and inventive ways to right a wrong besides the crime-and-punishment paradigm society most often relies on. Yet, one doesn't know until the end if it works, whether LaRose can bridge the abyss between the two families, and whether Emmaline can survive the separation.
The themes of justice, retribution, revenge and how to live with the past, recur in several of the novel`s sub-plots. Romeo, a prescription-drug addict, harbours a grudge against Landreaux from when the two ran away from boarding school together.  They are obsessed with schemes of revenge, all the while the Irons are raising their son for whom Romeo cannot shoulder responsibility. As the younger generation comes of age, the Irons and Ravich children experience bullying and worse, but find new ways to chart their own course and resolve conflicts, encouraged by Marine-turned priest Father Travis. For their part, Father Travis is still haunted by the death of their fellow Marines in the Beirut bombing, but has learned that violence only begets violence and is enraged when their country invades Iraq.
As the people of the reservation watch the start of the war on television, the questions of justice, revenge and retribution are raised to a new level. The Ojibwe have extra reasons to be sceptical of government claims, particularly about weapons of mass destruction. “Oh please! Everyone in North Dakota lived next door to a weapon of mass destruction. Right down the road, a Minuteman missile stored in its underground silo was marked only be a square of gravel.” [p. 295]
Erdrich is a gifted storyteller. Them imagination seems boundless, and they are equally adept at evoking the comic, ironic and tragic sides of life. Them prose is dense and poignant, whether describing the beauties of nature or chronicling the actions of human beings, be they noble or despicable and their consequences. Them non-linear technique enables them to bring together many subplots and themes, revealing the connections between them, and between past and present, and giving each event and character deeper significance.
Repolling in 73 polling booths in Uttar Pradesh's Kairana recorded a voter turnout of 61% till 6 pm.
Election Commission on Tuesday ordered recasting of votes at 73 polling stations in Kairana, 49 in Bhandara-Gondia and one polling station in Nagaland, after Electronic Voting Machines and Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail machines developed snags during Monday's Lok Sabha bypolls.
The bypolls for four Lok Sabha seats and nine assembly constituencies were held across 10 states on Monday.
Assembly by-polls were held in Noorpur (Uttar Pradesh), Shahkot (Punjab), Jokihat (Bihar), Gomia and Silli (Jharkhand), Chengannur (Kerala), Palus Kadegaon (Maharashtra), Ampati (Meghalaya), Tharali (Uttarakhand) and Maheshtala (West Bengal). Counting of votes will take place tomorrow. (ANI)
WWE Studios and BH Tilt have revealed a new clip from JD Dillard's upcoming thriller Sleight, which hits theaters on April 28th, 2017. Sleight centers on a young street magician (Jacob Latimore), who's left to care for their little sister after their parents' passing and turns to illegal activities to keep a roof over their heads. When they get in too deep, their sister is kidnapped and they are forced to use their magic and brilliant mind to save them
Sleight stars Jacob Latimore, Seychelle Gabriel, Dulé Hill, Storm Reid, Sasheer Zamata, Michael Villar, Brandon Johnson, Cameron Esposito, Andrew Fitzpatrick, Jay Walker, Frank Clem, Mane Andrew, Alex Hyner, Lyndsi LaRose, Lauren Olipra, Keith R. Fowler.
Separately, Shadow and Act reports that BH Tilt parent BlumHouse has come aboard filmmaker Dillard's next project, a survival horror film called Sweetheart. The project has Kiersey Clemons attached to star. Dillard will direct from a script they co-wrote with their Sleight writing partner Alex Theurer, and Alex Hyner. All three will produce along with Jason Blum and Bill Karesh of BlumHouse.
According to the report, production on Sweetheart is being fast-tracked for a Spring 2017 shooting start.
For now, check out the new clip from Sleight, below.
source: shadowandact.com,
A maternity unit was plunged into chaos during a morning power cut, it has emerged.
Patients were distressed and midwives had to use their mobile phones for lighting during the blackout at Pinderfields Hospital birth centre.
Claire Jones and Craig Yaxley were in the unit at the time for the birth of their baby girl Belle just after 8am on Thursday, September 21.
Miss Jones suffered complications as a result of the power cut because staff could not complete the removal of afterbirth following delivery.
They said: “It was just horrific. The midwives were using their i-phones. They were struggling to see to cut the cord.”
Mid Yorkshire Hospitals Trust said the power was off for just six minutes.
But the couple, of South Hiendley, have disputed this, saying the electricity was off for far longer, and that the backup power also failed.
Miss Jones said: “There was one power cut at around 5am. Then I gave birth at 8.07 and just as I was delivering the baby it went off, for around 25 minutes I would say.”
Miss Jones said they would need further tests following the incident, but baby Belle was doing fine. They added: “What if the baby had come out not breathing? Which was a possibility. She's fine, luckily.”
Mid Yorkshire said the outage happened when electrical systems were being tested at the hospital.
Director of nursing David Melia said: “As part of this work, the electricity supply to the labour ward was disrupted for around six minutes and emergency lighting provision was activated throughout this period.
They added: “We would like to apologise to Miss Jones and Mr Yaxley for any distress this disruption caused.
“We are investigating fully and will be in contact with the family to make sure we keep them informed of our findings.”
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
From Louisiana to Florida, Gulf Coast residents are preparing for Hurricane Nate, which is forecasted to make landfall on the Gulf Coast this weekend.
advertisement
UPDATE 12:45 a.m. ET: Winds within Hurricane Nate now up to 75 mph.
Well, that was quick. Hurricane Hunter aircraft found winds of 75 MPH in the center of #Nate, making it a bona fide hurricane. @NOAA #GOES16 pic.twitter.com/fsRhMvUiMY — NASA SPoRT (@NASA_SPoRT) October 7, 2017
UPDATE: 11:30 p.m. ET: Nate is now classified as a Category 1 hurricane per The Weather Channel.
UPDATE 11:00 p.m. ET: The National Hurricane Center's latest advisory has the storm located at 22.3°N 86.4°W, moving north at 22 mph, 500 miles south of the mouth of the Mississippi River.
The National Hurricane Center has the watches and warnings listed as below:
SUMMARY OF WATCHES AND WARNINGS IN EFFECT: A Hurricane Warning is in effect for... * Grand Isle Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border * Metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain A Storm Surge Warning is in effect for... * Morgan City Louisiana to the Okaloosa/Walton County Line Florida * Northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain A Tropical Storm Warning is in effect for... * Punta Herrero to Rio Lagartos Mexico * Pinar del Rio Cuba * Lake Maurepas * West of Grand Isle to Morgan City Louisiana * East of the Alabama/Florida border to the Okaloosa/Walton County Line. A Hurricane Watch is in effect for... * Lake Maurepas * East of the Alabama/Florida border to the Okaloosa/Walton County Line * West of Grand Isle to Morgan City Louisiana A Storm Surge Watch is in effect for... * East of the the Okaloosa/Walton County Line to Indian Pass Florida A Tropical Storm Watch is in effect for... * East of the Okaloosa/Walton County Line to Indian Pass Florida * West of Morgan City to Intracoastal City Louisiana * Isle of Youth Cuba
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
After two serious attacks on working journalists by apparent “anti-fascist” Antifa activists, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe is remaining silent on leftist political violence Monday.
On Sunday, a photojournalist with WTVR, the Richmond, Virginia CBS affiliate, received staples for a head wound inflicted by a group of men who told them to “stop filming” a march through that city to protest Saturday's Unite the Right rally of white nationalists and alt-right groups in Charlottesville, VA.
advertisement
The men can be seen in a clip posted on Twitter by WVTR reporter Laura French waving, and possibly hitting the journalist with the classic “Antifaschistische Aktion” used by violent gangs of communist and anarchist street brawlers in Europe since the 1930s. These European-originating leftist groups, commonly referred to as “Antifa,” have grown in size and prominence on this side of the Atlantic in recent years.
Our @CBS6 photojournalist assaulted in the head while shooting protests in Richmond. In the hospital getting stitches. Stop the VIOLENCE! pic.twitter.com/xGEWu0SWr4 — Laura French (@lfrenchnews) August 14, 2017
Our photojournalist reported back that they got 4 staples after a protester hit them in the head. pic.twitter.com/bG5JRYfksJ — WTVR CBS 6 Richmond (@CBS6) August 14, 2017
The attack followed a similar incident Saturday during to Unite the Right rally the Richmond march was protesting. Suspected Antifa activists punched Taylor Lorenz, a female reporter from The Hill, as they tried to film their activities during the violent morass with white nationalist groups around the statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee, leading to a local state of emergency being declared.
Breitbart News contacted the governor's office repeatedly Monday, giving McAuliffe and their staff an opportunity to denounce Antifa violence against journalists. McAuliffe's office gave no response.
By contrast, McAufille issued an extended denunciation of “Nazis” and “White Supremist [sic]” in the aftermath of Saturday's aborted Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville. Yet then, as Monday, McAuliffe refused, multiple times, to address reporters' questions about Antifa and other left-wing extremists.
Subsequent eyewitness accounts by Unite the Right rally-goers, who had a permit to protest at Emancipation Park —as of late called Lee Park — suggest Antifa, Black Lives Matter, and other violent leftist groups were the initiating force behind most of the violence there and that policing tactics in effect forced the two diametrically opposed groups into close physical contact. A report by the progressive ProPublica outfit disputed which side began the violence, but agreed that a decision appeared to have been made to allow the groups to engage each other.
Pax Dickinson, who had been scheduled to give an address about free speech at to Unite the Right rally before the state of emergency forced the event to disperse, gave their own account to the Daily Caller Monday, largely comporting with earlier descriptions of a “gauntlet” of Antifa through which dispersing rally-goers were forced to move and declaring that Governor McAuliffe had “blood on their hands.” They wrote:
It's clear that VSP had specific orders to drive us out of the park to the south, into the teeth of violent armed antifa counter-protesters. Police could have easily separated the barricades and removed all rally participants to the north, away from antifa and into empty streets fully controlled by law enforcement. We were driven into a hostile situation intentionally. It's impossible not to believe that the authorities issuing these orders knew exactly what would happen and that they wanted rally attendees to be harmed and possibly killed.
Meanwhile, Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer, who appeared with McAuliffe in their Saturday press conference and also has refused to denounce Antifa and other left-wing political violence at this weekend's events, went on CNN Monday to hit President Donald Trump on not being specific enough in their condemnations of “White Supremacists.”
MONTREAL – Congratulations to Kansas City Chiefs lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif. Make that Doctor Duvernay-Tardif.
The Chiefs offensive lineman graduated from medical school on Tuesday, becoming the first active NFL player to hold a medical degree.
The 6-foot-5, 321-lb. Canadian tweeted a photo of their white lab coat emblazoned with “Dr Duvernay-Tardif” and their number 76 on the back.
This is it! Today I become a doctor! It also marks the beginning of a great new adventure for all 2018 graduates of @mcgillu Faculty of Medicine. #LDTMD #graduation #passion #nfl #chiefs pic.twitter.com/j4oD1BCuXJ — Laurent D. Tardif (@LaurentDTardif) May 29, 2018
Duvernay-Tardif, 27, graduated from the Faculty of Medicine at McGill University, in Montreal. They were selected by the Chiefs in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft, while they were in their third year of medical school.
They spent the next years working hard on the football field and returning to Canada during the off-season to continue medical school.
“So tonight right after graduation, I'm going back to Kansas City. Training camp is starting again tomorrow morning and then the season is right around the corner,” Dr. Duvernay-Tardif told NFL Canada.
“In terms of medicine, I think I want to give myself a year to think about, how am I going to be able to manage residency? Because it's hard to do part-time residency with an NFL career at the same time. But really, I think I want to also enjoy the moment right now and really focus 100 percent on football right now because we know the Chiefs 2018 season is gonna be big.”
Duvernay-Tardif signed a 5-year, $41 million deal with the Chiefs in 2017.
And when their NFL career eventually comes to an end, he'll have a pretty safe fall-back career.
"Those are very helpful, beneficial, because they're a big impact to what we're doing and the success we've had this early part of the season," Pederson says.
"And the other thing, too, is these are veteran players who have been on, in Chris's case (and Blount's), on championship teams. They know how to work. They know how to practice. They know how to prepare. And that's what you want. You want those types of guys in and around your football team."
Philly has some defensive issues to settle, with a series of injuries in the secondary and to star DT Fletcher Cox. The Eagles have allowed 52 points in the fourth quarter.
RAMS (3-1)
While most of Los Angeles concentrates on the Dodgers or USC or UCLA, the Rams quietly have put together an offence that is outperforming its purported strength, the defence. LA's 142 points easily lead the NFL, and Jared Goff has been a revelation in their first full season as a starter. They lead the league in four key passing categories.
Yes, the revitalization of 2015 Offensive Rookie of the Year Todd Gurley has been huge — Gurley is second rushing with 362 yards and has scored seven touchdowns (four rushing, three receiving). There's also been an influx of veteran talent here: T Andrew Whitworth, LB Connor Barwin and WR Sammy Watkins.
New coach Sean McVay, at 31 the youngest in NFL history, has energized the offence with their schemes and aggressiveness, while passing on the praise.
"I think what good coaches do is they put their players in situations to have success, but ultimately, those players are the ones that are making those plays," McVay says.
"You feel fortunate to be a part of that and I think the players have done a good job, but I also can't say enough about our coaching staff. Everybody talks about Jared and what he's done, and he's done an excellent job.
"But I also think it's important to know how heavily involved (offensive co-ordinator) Matt LaFleur and (QBs coach) Greg Olson are in their development and those day-to-day things where he's got an ownership on what we're trying to get done."
BILLS (3-1)
The previous time the Bills made the playoffs, America was worrying about the Y2K virus. It's the NFL's longest post-season drought.
To say right now that Buffalo is on the verge of ending that streak is foolish. It's the third time since 2000 the team has been 3-1 or better. The Bills finished with losing records the previous two times.
Still, with a defence that has allowed the NFL's fewest points (54), and consecutive defensive masterpieces against Denver and Atlanta, the Bills shouldn't be dismissed.
If QB Tyrod Taylor remains efficient, outstanding running back LeSean McCoy stays healthy and productive, and the D continues to be dynamic, the Bills could have staying power.
REDSKINS (2-2)
Their performance in a loss at Kansas City was almost as impressive as their throttling of Oakland the previous week.
Undermanned and facing the league's only undefeated team, the Redskins were the better squad for much of the night.
Kirk Cousins, franchise-tag-be-damned, has elevated their game; he's been the NFC East's best QB so far. He's doing it with a so-so group of wideouts and a shuffling deck at running back.
Washington's defence has been the real discovery, though. A sieve for portions of last season, it has found a pass rush and, while not dominant, has been effective overall. But it's banged-up now, with top cornerback Josh Norman sidelined.
JETS (2-2)
The Jets made regular appearances in late-night monologues and prognostications of 0-16 seemed not that farfetched.
Well, they've won their past two games, both at home, and head to 0-4 Cleveland with a shot at a winning record.
Their offence has been much more capable than anyone imagined, and they appear to have two studs at safety in rookies Jamal Adams and Marcus Maye.
If they manage to win six times with this roster — other than a matchup with the Chargers, the schedule is rugged — Todd Bowles should be coach of the year.
Even if Andy Reid goes 16-0.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Barry Wilner, The Associated Press
SAN DIEGO — The owner of a miniature horse stolen from a Tijuana River Valley animal sanctuary is pleading for their safe return.
“Smokey” was taken from their pen at Ferdinand's Familia Rescue Ranch during dark hours late last week.
“It's pretty melancholy this week. We're all hurting pretty bad,” owner Michael Pratt said. “I'm trying hard not to cry and I've been crying a lot.”
Standing at about 26 inches tall, Smokey may not be very big — but they have a big impact on the farm.
“We bought them as a therapy asset and their genetics are very special. It's not like he's really replaceable in any sort of way,” Pratt said.
Smokey is a therapy horse who brings joy and comfort to adults and children with special needs. They also help veterans who suffer from PTSD.
“Pony therapy is a special bucket. The smaller the horse, the more approachable and if you get that horse in a special place, they can really help a lot of people. Several therapy ponies from the valley here go to hospitals and visit sick people and do a lot of good. They had the potential to be that kind of horse,” Pratt said.
Pratt is hoping Smokey still has that potential and is begging the thief, or thieves, to return him.
“Come on in, tie them up outside. Really, just bring them back. You don't have to explain. If somebody wants to talk I'm here. We do compassion therapy, man. We're really forgiving people,” Pratt said.
Smokey is black in color and has a red tint to their mane.
A report has been filed with the San Diego Police Department.
Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Whitley Bay.
The incident happened at about 10.15am on Monday at the Original Factory Shop, Park View.
The suspect entered the store in possession of a knife. They then left the scene with a quantity of cash taken from the till.
Officers are carrying out enquiries and are appealing for witnesses to get in touch.
Inspector Rob Bosson, from Northumbria Police, said: “We appreciate there may be community concerns however, I want to reassure the public that this has been an isolated incident and police enquiries are being carried out
“We urge anyone with information to get in touch, even the smallest of detail may be helpful in our investigation.”
Police have arrested and charged a 53-year-old man on suspicion of robbery and they will appear in Newcastle Crown Court on February 27.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Northumbria Police on 101 quoting reference 276 290118 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
FALL RIVER, Mass. (WLNE) — Police are looking for a man in connection with an armed robbery Friday.
46-year-old Joseph Farias is wanted for an armed robbery that occurred September 17th.
The robbery occurred at the 7-Eleven convenience store on 1040 North Main Street in Fall River.
Farias is described as having a medium build, approximately 5-feet 8-inches tall, and weighs 180 pounds.
Their last known address is Pine Tree Avenue in Westport.
Police are asking anyone with information regarding the identity of the suspect to contact Fall River Police at 508-324-2796 or the anonymous tip line at 508-672-8477.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Arsenal kept alive their slim hopes of securing a Champions League spot next season with a 2-1 Premier League victory at Middlesbrough on Monday that left the hosts in deep danger of relegation.
A superb Alexis Sanchez free kick put the Gunners ahead three minutes before the break but Spanish striker Alvaro Negredo brought Boro level four minutes after the interval.
German midfielder Mesut Ozil grabbed a close-range winner for Arsenal in the 71st minute.
The result left Arsenal in sixth, seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City who have played one game more. Boro are second bottom, six points adrift of safety with six games left.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger made six changes to the team which had lost in humiliating fashion 3-0 to Crystal Palace last week and switched to a 3-4-3 formation, a new approach for the Gunners.
“Sometimes when a team lacks confidence, changing the system helps the team to believe in something different,” Wenger said.
A low-key first half ended with Arsenal getting ahead when Sanchez showed great technique as they lifted the ball over a long wall and past motionless Boro keeper Brad Guzan.
Boro responded positively, though, and their equaliser was perfectly executed, Stewart Downing racing down the right flank and delivering a pinpoint cross which Negredo met with a side-foot finish after losing their marker Laurent Koscielny.
Middlesbrough went close to a second with a stooping Daniel Ayala header which Arsenal keeper Petr Cech saved well, allowing their defence to scramble clear.
But Arsenal secured their first away win in five Premier League matches when Sanchez floated a ball into the box which Aaron Ramsey cleverly chested down to Ozil who made no mistake from close range.
“I think we were focused and committed and you could see that we did not play with full confidence during some moments in the game,” Wenger said.
“When you are in a lack of confidence situations it comes back slowly and only the results help,” added the Frenchman.
Arsenal face Manchester City on Sunday in the FA Cup semi-finals.
Scroll for more content...
The 7-year-old girl had been apart from their family, alone in detention, for nearly 2 months.
On Sunday, they and their mother were tearfully reunited at Miami-Dade airport.
Busy passengers at baggage claim were oblivious to the emotional story playing out in front of them as Buena Ventura Martin-Godinez, 29, embraced their daughter for the first time since they left them behind at home in Guatemala, 61 days ago.
Martin-Godinez has been staying with family in Miami after they crossed the US border with their son and claimed asylum on May 1.
Them husband crossed with their daughter, Janne Idali Godinez Martin, shortly afterward, on May 8. They didn't know that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had announced, the day before, that all adults crossing the border illegally would be charged with federal crimes -- a zero tolerance policy that would force parents to be separated from their children.
Martin-Godinez's husband was detained in Atlanta; Janne was detained and taken to Michigan.
During that time, Janne became sick. Even though Martin-Godinez is a nurse in Guatemala, they were powerless to help their daughter as they complained of headaches and pain from 1,300 miles away.
On Sunday, Janne clutched a stuffed animal as their mother wiped away them tears.
"She is asking to never be separated from their mother again," Martin-Godinez says, translating into Spanish what their daughter said in their native Mam.
The mother's message to other mothers: if you're thinking of claiming asylum here, find another country. "The laws here are harsh. And people don't have hearts," they said.
"People dream of coming here, to save their lives, but I don't what them to experience what I've gone through," they said.
Escaping the threat of violence at home
As a nurse in their hometown of Huehuetenango, Martin-Godinez made a good salary, and their husband, Pedro Godinez Aguilar, had started a business. But that brought constant demands from gangs in the area. Pay up -- or face violence. "We were threatened by people, that if we didn't pay them they were going to kill us, or our kids," they said.
So they and them and husband agreed that they would leave with their 10-month-old son, Pedro, on May 1, and they would join with their daughter after the school year finished.
They took a bus to Arizona from their town on the Mexico-Guatemala border, and claimed asylum. They and their son were taken into detention for a week before being released. They made their way from Arizona to Miami to meet their brother-in-law. There they await their court appearances and check-ins with immigration.
But once Martin-Godinez arrived in the United States, people back in Guatemala got word, and, they say, the threats to their husband got worse. They decided to leave Huehuetenango immediately, not even telling their wife they were leaving early. "I just called and they told me they had come. And that's all I knew," Martin-Godinez said.
Painful weeks apart
It was in Miami that Martin-Godinez got the first call from their daughter. "She was asking why was they there, why was they separated. Why can't they see their mom, dad and brother," they said.
Martin-Godinez had no idea where Michigan is in relation to Miami, but they knew it was far away.
"My daughter called me ... telling me for days that they had a strong fever, a lot of tooth pain," the mother recalled.
"Since my daughter doesn't speak English, and where they are they only speak English -- I left the social worker messages because they speak Spanish. I would tell them my daughter is sick, I begged them to see my daughter but they didn't pay attention to me," they said.
What their mother suspected was eventually confirmed -- Janne had an infected molar.
If they could have spoken to their daughter during those dark times, their message would have been simple, they said.
"I love you, I'm so sorry for what's happening and will work hard to fix it."
But on Sunday, at Miami-Dade International Airport, both Janne and their mother had big smiles on their faces. As they stepped out of the airport, Martin-Gidonez's relief was palpable. Their plan to celebrate? Go home together. And have some pizza.
For now, it is a big win in a bigger fight for their family to be reunified.
"I feel happy that my daughter is with me," said Martin-Godinez. "But on the other hand, sad because my husband is still in jail and they told them they are going to deport them to Guatemala," they said.
"We ran away looking for a life here," they say -- and if they go back, their life will be in danger.
Brett Bundale, THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Five years ago, Melanie Mackenzie got pregnant. Them birth control had failed, and the then 29-year-old knew they didn't want to have a baby. They wanted an abortion.
"I found out I was pregnant almost immediately. You just get that feeling," the Halifax resident said in an interview. "I hadn't even missed a period yet."
After taking a positive home pregnancy test, Mackenzie went to their family doctor -- Nova Scotia is the only province in Canada where women must obtain a physician's referral before making an abortion appointment.
"I said flat out 'I'm pregnant and I don't want to be. I want an abortion."'
Mackenzie was told there was a waiting period, and was sent for a battery of tests including blood work and an ultrasound. It took two months for them to finally obtain an abortion, at nearly 12 weeks pregnant.
"It was the worst two months of my life," they said. "The whole thing felt like a punishment."
Advocates say Nova Scotia is now one of the most difficult provinces in the country in which to access abortion, with women requiring a referral for a surgical abortion, lengthy wait times for the time-sensitive procedure and no provincial coverage for medical abortions using pills.
The province also has no private or freestanding abortion clinics located outside of a hospital. Halifax's Morgentaler clinic, where women had to pay out-of-pocket, closed in 2003.
The Termination of Pregnancy Unit at Halifax's QEII Health Sciences Centre -- where more than 85 per cent of the province's abortions are performed -- will only book appointments for women who are at least eight weeks pregnant.
With few doctors prescribing the abortion pill Mifegymiso -- and no universal coverage of the costly medication in the province -- women seeking to terminate early pregnancies are forced to wait.
"Nova Scotia is one of the worst places in Canada to get an abortion. The situation for abortion access is extremely grim," said Darrah Teitel, public affairs officer for Action Canada for Sexual Health and Rights.
After their blood work came back positive, Mackenzie recalled the nurse congratulating them on the pregnancy in front of other patients.
"I never regretted my decision to have an abortion," they said. "But it felt like that waiting period and all those tests were to shame me, to make me feel like an irresponsible slut, to punish me. It felt like it was a price I had to pay to obtain an abortion in a country where my right to choose is legally protected."
In Canada, abortion care is a patchwork of widely differing degrees of accessibility and options depending on the province and region. Abortion access is largely provided in big urban centres, leaving women in small communities or rural areas footing the bill for travel and accommodation.
Nova Scotia once had the region's least restrictive abortion access, but both New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island have changed their policies in the last three years.
In 2014, New Brunswick lifted the so-called two-doctor rule requiring two physicians to certify an abortion as medically necessary.
Abortions became available in P.E.I. for the first time earlier this year. Women on the Island can call a toll-free number to make an appointment without the need for a referral.
Women in Nova Scotia still require a referral and tests before obtaining an appointment for an abortion.
"We do require our patients to get referred to our clinic," Lianne Yoshida, medical co-director of the QEII's Termination of Pregnancy Unit, said in an interview. "It's been identified as a barrier and it's an issue we're working on. The issue of referral and ultrasound does delay a woman's ability to see us."
It also may be unconstitutional, said Teitel.
They said the provincial rule requiring a physician's referral is at odds with the Supreme Court's 1988 R v. Morgentaler decision. Evidence presented during the trial showed that the unnecessary wait times involved in physician referrals were creating unsafe conditions for women, Teitel said.
"These delays are still being forced on women in Nova Scotia, and there is no earthly reason why abortions cannot be granted upon self-referral, as in the rest of the country," they said.
In addition to the referral rule, it's unclear whether delays are exacerbated by a policy enforcing a wait time, restrictions on early abortions or simply a lack of sufficient resources.
While Yoshida said there are surgical issues with abortions performed too early, they said that tends to be around four weeks gestational age.
Still, a receptionist reached at the QEII clinic said abortions are not scheduled before eight weeks -- something confirmed in multiple interviews.
Nova Scotia does not appear to keep statistics on how long it takes women to obtain an abortion after a referral.
Several women interviewed for this story spoke on condition of anonymity out of fear of the stigma surrounding abortions and the backlash they could face at work or in the community.
Their stories had recurrent themes. The condom broke. The pill didn't work. The IUD shifted. Contraception fails. Accidents happen.
While some were referred for an abortion by a family doctor without delay, others describe having to "jump through hoops" to get a referral. Wait times tended to be four to six weeks, a delay they described as "agonizing" and "cruel."
Jennifer Fishman, associate professor in the Biomedical Ethics Unit of the Social Studies of Medicine Department at McGill University, said the ethical problems that arise from making women wait for an abortion are enormous.
"The idea that there is differential access to abortions across the provinces, given that abortion is funded and legal and a medical procedure covered under the Canada Health Act, which operates under principles of universality and accessibility, is incredibly problematic," Fishman said. "It's unjust and inequitable to make some women wait while others don't have to."
Another ethical problem is the mental health impact of waiting, they said.
"There is definitely a psychological cost to carrying an unwanted pregnancy," Fishman said. "Some research shows women will even consider some kind of self-induction, which can be dangerous."
One woman told The Canadian Press they had four appointments with their family doctor before they obtained a referral for an abortion. Them doctor quizzed them on their knowledge of the fetus and sent them to a psychologist before finally agreeing to refer them
"At some point, before my doctor agreed to write the referral, I remember standing in the kitchen with a pair of scissors, thinking maybe I'd just cut it out. I considered going to the emergency room and saying I would commit suicide if they wouldn't give me an abortion. The waiting, and the threat of not being able to access an abortion, was emotionally traumatic."
Fishman said another troubling issue with making women wait until later in their pregnancy to obtain an abortion are the physical health risks.
"Second trimester abortions have much higher rates of complications," Fishman said. "It's a much more complicated procedure. They are higher risk and they are more expensive."
Meanwhile, a new method has emerged that would give Nova Scotia women another option in early pregnancy.
Mifegymiso, an alternative to surgical abortion, is an abortion pill that can be used to terminate a pregnancy of up to 49 days.
Advocates say the two-step process using the drugs mifepristone and misoprosto could increase access, provide women with more choices and shorten wait times.
The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada says 171 physicians and pharmacists in Nova Scotia have either registered for or taken a training course on Mifegymiso.
But at a cost of about $350, the pill remains out of reach for many women.
While Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec and New Brunswick have all said they would provide at least some coverage for the drug, Nova Scotia has stayed silent on the issue.
A Health Department spokesperson said the Nova Scotia government is looking at coverage for Mifegymiso, but a decision has not yet been made.
Meanwhile, it's unclear why women in Nova Scotia must obtain a referral.
Health spokesperson Sarah Levy MacLeod confirmed that a referral and an ultrasound are required before an abortion can be booked, but they referred questions on the policy to the Nova Scotia Health Authority.
The health authority referred questions to the co-director of the QEII Termination of Pregnancy Unit -- the same doctor, Lianne Yoshida, who called the need for a referral a barrier to access that needs to be addressed.
"I don't think it's necessarily political. It's sort of just the way it's always been," Yoshida said. "It's recognized as a problem."
Bioanalysis, a leading MEDLINE indexed journal for bioanalytical scientists, has published a Special Focus Issue on LC-MS assays impacting CYP and transporter DDI evaluations. The journal is published by Future Science Group.
The Special Focus Issue, guest Edited by Ragu Ramanathan (Pfizer), explores novel LC-MS assays impacting CYP and transporter DDI evaluations, through original research articles, as well as expert perspectives in the form of commentary-style articles.
The issue discusses new technologies in MS as well as looking into multiplexing, and getting more information using HRMS, as well as sample pooling approaches. Proposals of several endogenous biomarkers for evaluating DDI at early stages in clinical trials, so DDI studies do not need to be continued into the latter stages, are also explored.
"There is a growing interest in exploring novel LC-MS/MS, LC-high resolution accurate MS (LC-HRMS), or LC-MS/HRMS assays early in drug development to ensure DDI related liabilities to establish safety and efficacy of a NCE. This special issue brings together some the novel LC-MS applications and outlook from leaders in the field" said Ragu Ramanathan (Pfizer).
"I am delighted to have worked with experts in the field to produce this Special Focus Issue, which appears to demonstrate the expansion of interest in using sensitive and selective LC-MS assays for evaluations of DDI potentials early in development of new chemical entities to assure safety and efficacy." commented Sankeetha Nadarajah (Managing Commissioning Editor, Bioanalysis).
To read the full issue, please visit https:/ / www. future-science. com/ toc/ bio/ 10/ 9
The guest editors' free-access foreword article is available online here: https:/ / www. future-science. com/ doi/ 10. 4155/ bio-2018-0086
###
About Bioanalysis
Bioanalysis is a MEDLINE-indexed journal covering the latest scientific, technical and regulatory developments relevant to those working on the analysis of xenobiotics and biotics in biological matrices. This is, primarily, bioanalysts working in pharmaceutical research and development, clinical laboratories, clinical toxicologists, forensic toxicologists and sports doping analysts.
About Bioanalysis Zone
Since launching in 2011, Bioanalysis Zone has attracted over 7,500 active members from the global bioanalytical community, representing the pharmaceutical, biotech and CRO industries, along with academia and healthcare. Each month, thousands of members visit the site to read industry news, original research exclusive interviews and commentaries. Membership is completely free of charge. Sign up online at: http://www. bioanalysis-zone. com/ register .
About Future Science Group
Founded in 2001, Future Science Group (FSG) is a progressive publisher focused on breakthrough medical, biotechnological and scientific research. FSG's portfolio includes two imprints, Future Science and Future Medicine. In addition to this core publishing business, FSG develops specialist eCommunities. Key titles and sites include Bioanalysis Zone, Epigenomics, Nanomedicine and the award-winning Regenerative Medicine. http://www. futuresciencegroup. com .
March 30 A federal judge on Thursday dismissed a lawsuit by taxi owners and lenders accusing New York City and its Taxi and Limousine Commission of jeopardizing their survival by imposing burdensome regulations and letting the Uber ride-sharing service take passengers away.
U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan in Manhattan said credit unions, medallion owners and trade groups failed to show they were denied due process or equal protection by having to obey rules on fares, who they can pick up, vehicle equipment, and access for disabled people that Uber drivers need not follow.
While the city's ground transportation industry "may well, as plaintiffs allege, be rapidly evolving," the differences in how yellow cabs and ride-sharing services attract and serve passengers, including whether rides are hailed on the street or by smartphone, "easily justify" such distinctions, Nathan wrote.
The growth of services such as Uber and Lyft in New York City has caused the value of a medallion, essentially the right to operate a yellow cab, to fall by more than half from its $1.3 million peak in 2014, according to recent sale listings.
That has left some lenders facing increases in delinquencies from drivers who owe more than their medallions are worth, at the same time they risk losing additional market share.
"Make no mistake about it - we fully expect the fight on behalf of the New York City taxicab industry to continue in state and federal court for as long as it takes," Todd Higgins, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, said in an email after Nathan issued their 33-page decision.
A spokesperson for the city's law department, which represented the defendants, had no immediate comment.
Among the plaintiffs were the Melrose, Progressive and Lomto Federal credit unions, which said they had made more than 4,600 medallion loans worth over $2.4 billion.
Two of the other plaintiffs were the League of Mutual Taxi Owners and the Taxi Medallion Owner Driver Association, which together represent about 4,000 medallion owners.
Nathan said the city had a rational basis to treat yellow cabs differently, citing needs to promote safety, convenience and fare uniformity given that only those cabs could pick up passengers off the street.
They also called it premature to call the alleged deprivation of yellow cabs' "right to hail exclusivity" an unconstitutional "taking" without just compensation, saying the plaintiffs could seek some redress through a state administrative proceeding.
The case is Melrose Credit Union et al v City of New York et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-09042. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
The so-called central dogma of molecular biology states the process for turning genetic information into proteins that cells can use. "DNA makes RNA," the dogma says, "and RNA makes protein." Each protein is made of a series of amino acids, and each amino acid is coded for by sets of "triplets," which are sets of three informational DNA units, in the genetic code.
University of Utah biologists now suggest that connecting amino acids to make proteins in ribosomes, the cell's protein factories, may in fact be influenced by sets of three triplets - a "triplet of triplets" that provide crucial context for the ribosome. Their results are published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The DNA alphabet is composed of four letters: A, C, G and T. DNA sequence can be represented by a series of these four letter combinations such as GCACCACCT, with each letter corresponding to one of the four chemical components of DNA. RNA copies the DNA sequence and communicates it to the ribosome, which reads the sequence and generates the appropriate proteins. Biologists have long accepted that sets of three letters, called triplets or codons, are the fundamental unit of instruction telling the ribosome which particular amino acid to add to the growing protein chain.
"We know it's a triplet code," says biologist Kelly Hughes. "That's been established since 1961. But there are certain things that happen in making protein from RNA that don't quite make sense."
Hughes and Fabienne Chevance worked with a gene in Salmonella that codes for the FlgM protein, which is a component of the bacteria's flagellum. A mutation that was defective in "reading" a specific codon in the flgM gene only affected FlgM protein production and not other genes that contained the same codon.
"That got us thinking -- why is that particular codon in the flgM gene affected and not the same codon in the other genes?" Hughes says. "That's when we started thinking about context."
Changing the codon on one side of the defective codon resulted in a 10-fold increase in FlgM protein activity. Changing the codon on the other side resulted in a 20-fold decrease. And the two changes together produced a 35-fold increase. "We realized that these two codons, although separated by a codon, were talking to each other," Hughes says. "The effective code might be a triplet of triplets."
Hughes and Chevance say that a triplet of triplets code might reframe how biologists study cancer genetics, for example, or other human genetic diseases for which triplet codon context may be more important than previously recognized.
###
© Photo: Pixabay Radical Nationalists Attack Pregnant Muslim Woman in Barcelona
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to El Pais newspaper, the emergency service received information on shooting late on Sunday. The attackers are believed to open fire from a car parked near the victims' car. A 30-year old man succumbed to injure, two other victims were taken to the hospital.
The police sources told the newspaper that they considered the attackers to be of Dominican origin.
OUR experts give you an early shot at finding a winner as they look at the major races around the nation this weekend.
Last week … Five winners. The Daily Telegraph's Ray Thomas led the way with both their best bet, Live And Free ($2.30), and value bet, Fierce Impact ($6), saluting. Matt Jones was in on the kill, nominating Fierce Impact ($6) as their best. John Davis kept the winners coming at Randwick with The Autumn Sun ($2) proving too strong. In Melbourne, super smart galloper Fifty Stars ($2.40) didn't disappoint for Glenn McFarlane and Simon Moy, while in Adelaide, Lincoln Moore found Showpero ($2) to round out the winners.
SATURDAY (AEST)
MOONEE VALLEY (9 races, 11.40am), SUNSHINE COAST (9 races, start 12.42pm), ROSEHILL GARDENS (9 races, 11.25am), MORPHETTVILLE PARKS (8 races, 12.26pm), BELMONT (8 races, 2.29pm)
SUNSHINE COAST
NATHAN EXELBY (The Courier-Mail). Form: 13403
GRANNY RED SHOES (Race 4, No. 8 — $3.90)
Loved the way they hit the line behind the very talented Eawase at Doomben, overhauling all over rivals in the home straight. The big track looks certain to be in their favour as this is likely to be a very testing 1200m for the babies. The query is the wet ground, but only go on it was inconclusive, so think she's a worthy gamble.
Value bet: BASSETT (Race 9, No. 4 — $26)
MARKETS: TAB FIXED ODDS
ROSEHILL GARDENS
SEAWAY (Race 7, No. 6 — $3.20)
Seaway won at Canterbury over 1550m then came back to 1400m and was doing their best work on the line when a fast finishing second to Lisdoonvarna at Rosehill. They were forced wide on the turn while the winner gained the run through near the rail which proved the difference. Seaway will appreciate getting back out to 1500m and is drawn to get the gun run (barrier five) while main rival I Am Serious is coming from the outside gate.
Value bet: SPECIAL MISSILE (Race 8, No. 7 — $5)
MATT JONES (Daily Telegraph) Form: 12951
I AM SERIOUS (Race 7, No. 2 — $2.60)
They won very impressively last start when making a long sustained run and winning eased down.
Value bet: REFLECTIVITY (Race 2, No. 1 — $7)
JOHN DAVIS (Daily Telegraph) Form: 15x21
ETYMOLOGY (Race 5, No. 9 — $7.50)
Plummets in weight (6.5kg) following eye catching 4th to The Getaway in much harder 2000m Bm85 event here earlier this month. Won't mind the sting out of the surface either.
Value bet: PLAYARD (Race 2, No. 5 — $10)
STEPHEN ZAMMIT (Daily Telegragh) Form: 96152
SEAWAY (Race 7, No. 6 — $3.20)
Chris Waller prepares this colt, who ran right away from the opposition to score at Canterbury early in May. Last start they came from the tail of the field for a second over 1400m at this track on May 19. Gets the extra ground needed this week and will be picking them up quickly at the end of this race.
Value bet: DOCTOR ON ICE (Race 4, No. 8 — $5.50)
MARKETS: TAB FIXED ODDS
Camera Icon Etymology will appreciate the soft conditions. Picture: News Corp Australia, Campbell Brodie
MOONEE VALLEY
MICHAEL MANLEY (Herald Sun). Form: 51217
ICONOCLASM (Race 8, No. 1 — $2.15)
He's meeting every challenge. They relished the trip to 1600m last start and he's a horse going places.
Value bet: CREATIVITY (Race 3, No. 3 — $3.90)
GLENN McFARLANE (Herald Sun). Form: 25x11
ICONOCLASM (Race 8, No. 1 — $2.15)
This well-bred colt just knows how to win. Chasing a fourth straight victory and looks well placed to score again.
Value bet: DIVINE QUALITY (Race 3, No. 5 — $5)
SIMON MOY (SuperRacing). Form: 251x1
ICONOCLASM (Race 8, No. 1 — $2.15)
Made it three straight last start at Flemington. Emerging star who will be hard to stop again.
Value bet: LORD DA VINCI (Race 9, No. 1 — $9)
NICK QUINN (TAB). Form: 51207
ICONOCLASM (Race 8, No. 1 — $2.15)
Sometimes the more a horse wins the better the price and that seem to be the case with Iconoclasm. They have won five of their past six starts and is worth sticking with as they race their way through the grades.
Value bet: USAIN BOWLER (Race 2, No. 13 — $18)
MARKETS: TAB FIXED ODDS
Camera Icon Ethan Brown and Iconoclasm surge away from their rivals at Flemington last start. Picture: AAP
MORPHETTVILLE PARKS
BEN SCADDEN (The Advertiser) Form: 27373
BOGGOMS (Race 2, No. 5 — $3.10)
Smart galloper who hasn't raced since the spring but looked sharp in recent trial win. The blinkers go on and they have a great record on the Parks track. Expect a sharp first-up showing
Value bet: VIEIRA (Race 8, No. 1 — $4.40)
LINCOLN MOORE (The Advertiser) Form: 12031
VIA BALCIANO (Race 6, No. 9 — $4)
Has won two of six starts and found the line well behind Bord de Gain on Goodwood day.
Drawn out which should suit and they should be ready to fire this time in.
Value bet: CONTAINMENT (Race 8, No. 12 — $10)
MARKETS: TAB FIXED ODDS
*Note: TAB Fixed Odds prices correct at time of publishing
University of Guelph professor discovered that exposure to thiamethoxam reduces the chances of a bumblebee queen starting a new colony by more than a quarter
Bumblebees are less able to start colonies when exposed to a common neonicotinoid pesticide, according to a new University of Guelph study.
Prof. Nigel Raine has discovered that exposure to thiamethoxam reduces the chances of a bumblebee queen starting a new colony by more than a quarter.
"Bumblebee queens that were exposed to the neonicotinoid were 26 per cent less likely to lay eggs to start a colony," said Raine, holder of the Rebanks Family Chair in Pollinator Conservation. "A reduction this big in the ability of queens to start new colonies significantly increases the chances that wild populations could go extinct."
Published this week in Nature Ecology & Evolution, the study was conducted with Gemma Baron, Vincent Jansen and Mark Brown from Royal Holloway University of London.
Neonicotinoids are among factors contributing to the decline of bees and are currently being phased out or restricted in a number of countries including Canada.
The researchers examined the impacts of exposing the queen bumblebees to thiamethoxam in spring when they emerge from hibernation and are preparing to lay their first eggs and establish a colony.
"Given the vital role spring queens have in maintaining bumblebee populations, we decided to focus on assessing the impacts at this stage in the life cycle," said Raine, a professor in the School of Environmental Sciences. "These spring queens represent the next generation of bumblebee colonies."
The researchers exposed more than 300 queen bees to environmental stressors common in the field including parasite infections. Roughly half of the queen bees that successfully emerged from hibernation were then fed syrup treated with pesticide at levels similar to those found in wild pollen and nectar for two weeks. The researchers then recorded the bees' egg-laying behavior and mortality rates for another 10 weeks.
"We observed the queens to see whether low level pesticide exposure might lead to changes in these important nesting behaviours," said Raine. "When a queen is going to set up a colony, they will secrete wax and form it into containers for nectar and pollen. They will then begin to lay their eggs and sit on them like a bird."
The queens exposed to pesticides laid 26 per cent fewer eggs. Using a mathematical model, the researchers found that this rate of decline could threaten extinction of wild bumblebee populations.
"This study shows that neonicotinoids could be having a devastating effect on wild bumblebee populations," said Raine. "We urgently need to know more about how pesticides could be affecting other species to make informed decisions about the risks associated with using these chemicals."
###
Despite federal officials labeling centers where immigrant women and their families are held as family detention centers or release programs as "Alternative to Detention," University of Kansas researchers found the detention complexes function like jails and prisons and that ATD programs are essentially expanded surveillance schemes.
Women held with their children in such centers are often required to wear orange jumpsuits, and often color-coded by a level of threat, according to a recent study KU scholars conducted in interviews with attorneys who frequented the detention centers in Pennsylvania and Texas.
"The detention of immigrants, especially of Latinos, today is very similar to incarceration in the regular criminal justice system, even though an immigration violation is a civil offense and not a criminal one," said Cecilia Menjívar, KU Foundation Distinguished Professor of Sociology. "What immigrants go through in the immigration enforcement system amounts to forms of punishment that are only handed down in criminal cases."
Menjívar, Andrea Gómez Cervantes, a KU doctoral student in sociology, and Bill Staples, professor and chair of the KU Department of Sociology, will present the study, "'Humane' Immigration Enforcement and Latina Immigrants in the Detention Complex," on Tuesday, Aug. 15, at the American Sociological Association's 2017 annual meeting in Montreal.
The researchers interviewed lawyers who had access to the detention centers and who also worked with immigrants placed in the Alternative to Detention programs, to ask them about the population of the centers, the conditions there, the role of law enforcement, the infrastructure and an overview of experiences.
The attorneys themselves noted how similar the centers functioned to prison or jail-like institutions despite the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency often referring to the detention centers as residential centers or campuses, often using infantilized language. These centers are often built in remote locations, making it difficult for detainees to communicate with their families or to obtain legal assistance, they mentioned. Life there is also highly regimented, and all activities take place in the same location.
Lawyers described the centers as having thick concrete walls, heavy doors monitored by guards, small windows or none at all, metal detectors, high fences and floodlights that stay on all right. In some cases, several families are held together in one room at a time in several bunk beds and a shared bathroom. Other facilities consisted of several trailers that house the detained women and their children.
"Even though we know how similar those conditions are to prisons, the language that is used to describe those centers is very benign," said Menjívar, who also co-leads the KU Center for Migration Research, which promotes KU research on causes, types and consequences of human migration at the state, regional, national and global levels. "Officials refer for instance to the centers as family centers or they want the centers to be certified as child care centers. The language used is very neutral, even child- and family-friendly, as if it's just a holding place, but in fact, that's not the case at all."
The research points to the inconsistencies of language the government uses and the conditions of the centers.
"On the one hand, this is how policies and programs are presented, but on the other hand this is how they actually work on the ground," they said. "We're trying to show the discrepancy between what the official narrative is and the experiences of immigrants who go through these facilities."
Menjívar said it's important to study conditions of those going through the immigration enforcement system, especially as the U.S. has sought to ramp up deportations over the past decade and now that the Trump administration has put a heavy emphasis on immigrant detention. Much political rhetoric also focuses on the criminalization of immigration.
The researchers also looked at current practices of immigrant incarceration, focusing on its outsourcing to private corporations running prison or detention facilities. The Department of Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement contract with two large companies, CCA and GEO, that run private prisons, to house, detain, surveil and process immigrants for deportation proceedings, the researchers said.
"This is the expansion of incarceration for people of color," they said. "We have very high levels of the African Americans population placed in prisons, and we also have immigrants, mostly Latinos, who are put in detention centers that really function as prisons. So, both populations end up removed from society through imprisonment. The more immigrants are criminalized through law, the more they are going to end up in this type of incarceration."
###
PARIS (Sputnik) — The detention occurred on Tuesday morning in the city of Marseille in the south. The detainees planned to carry out terrorist attacks during the election campaign, the report said.
The presidential elections in France will be held in two rounds — April 23 and May 7.
By Ken Bell
kbell@abc6.com
Philadelphia Eagles fans have a bad reputation. Ever since fans threw snowballs at Santa in the 1960's, Eagles fans are viewed as mean spirited.
ABC6 Sports reporter Kainani Stevens went looking for Philly fans to see if the reputation has merit.
Reviews The Oxford Imps: A Review By
Bursting with youthful exuberance, the Oxford Imps dance their way onto the stage and are introduced to us by Giles Gear, who is in charge of opening the evening's proceedings. Gear briefly warms the audience up and explains how transitions between the scenes will take place, and in doing so, nervously reveals to us that their parents are in attendance this evening. Giles' Dad will go on to prove to the audience that no matter how old you get – no matter if you're an accomplished Jack FM producer by day, and Oxford Imp by night – your parents will never stop trying to embarrass you. Which is reassuring to see, as someone whose Dad once played ‘Bogies' BY HIMSELF at my Y11 Parents' Evening…
But I digress. Back to the Imps. Right at the beginning of the show, Vicky Hawley is thrust into the spotlight of a police cross-examination sketch, where they must figure out the crime they have committed from their co-performers' (Alex Fox and Matt Pieri's) punning ability alone. The crime in question is the dastardly deed of going to Park End with Stevie Wonder, which is decided by the audience whilst Vicky is offstage. Vicky soon figures out the location of the crime scene thanks to a smattering of of puns about cheese, and questionable Oxford geography, but Hawley remains blind to the identity of their co-offender for considerably longer. It certainly seems like a PUNishable offence when Vicky doesn't guess ‘Stevie Wonder' after Alex Fox's desperate attempts to recall the seven wonders of the world. To help Vicky out, the other imps chime in with varyingly useful clues from the sideline, a cheat which is artfully incorporated into the sketch by the phone of the police academy ringing off the hook. Finally, though, Vicky guesses it correctly: a truly impressive – nay, ‘wonder'ful – moment for the audience.
Before I talk about another standout scene from the first half I must ask you all a question: What's long and hard and has cum in it? Get your minds out of the gutter, dear readers, for of course I am talking about a cucumber. This was the object Giles Gear had to work with in another achingly funny scene from the first act. In this sketch Giles' co-performer was only able to respond with snippets from a text sequence from Gear's phone – the contact having been chosen by a morally upstanding audience member, who was unswayed by the £5 bribe offered to them by Giles' father, sat a row in front. Faced with the prospect of having their textual relations revealed in front of their parents, Gear kept their cool as they pretended to be an angry customer complaining to a restaurant manager about the lack of cucumber in their salad. They remained impressively calm as their fellow imp teased the audience with snippets of Giles' text conversation, including the juicy details of a friend's rocky relationship and allusion to Giles having “the time of their life”. Wink wink, nudge nudge. Their Mum and Dad looked on with bated breath, wondering what on earth they were going to learn about their ickle darling, but impassive, unfaltering, Gear remained as cool as the asupervisorstioned cucumber throughout the scene.
Impassive, unfaltering, Gear remained as cool as the asupervisorstioned cucumber throughout the scene.
After the break, a new bunch of imps took to the stage, and Archie Cornish launched the audience straight back into mirthdom with a fantastic story-telling sketch which tested the imps' reaction times, accents and literacy skills. In ‘The Story of the Whimsical Sausage' – a title conjured up by an audience member – one by one a new imp was eliminated, until there was a stand-off between Chesca Forristal and Ed Scrivens. With the stakes raised, Cornish took great delight in cranking up the difficulty switch, banning Chesca and Ed from using words that contained the letter ‘y' or ‘g'. Forristal was furious upon the realization that the eponymous ‘sausage' spelt its name with a ‘g', and conceded the scene to Scrivens – but all the Imps displayed an impressive ability to think on their feet and own the mistakes they made.
Cornish, Scrivens and Forristal would continue to dominate the second act. Given the prompt word ‘garlic' and the setting of an abandoned church, the chemistry and talent of this trio came to a head with the creation of an improvised musical, called Garlic. Never coming to a theatre near you, Garlic the musical is the heart-breaking tale of a priest-come-bishop (Forristal) who leaves their doting parish wife (Cornish) with their blog at home and abandons their dweebish son (Fox) at boarding school, all because of their love for the fabulously camp parishioner-come-Parisian, Jerome (Scrivens). All this is happening whilst a curiously Yorkshire Hunchback of Notre Dame (Dawn Parsonage-Kent) enacts an epic take-down of a vampire deacon, where their weapons of choice are some deadly rap bars and – you guessed it – a clove of garlic.
The Oxford Imps as a collective sing to a score that punches all Fifth Week Blues right in the face.
The Imps work tirelessly in this sketch, and indeed, across the performance as a whole, to tie all the loose ends and questionable (but nonetheless funny) elements together into an enjoyable whole; this not only illustrates the talent of this fantastically diverse bunch of people, but it also reveals a certain degree of humbleness, suggesting that despite their manifold commercial successes at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, and indeed, here in Oxford, the Oxford Imps are not afraid to hold their hands up and admit when it's all gone a bit of tits up. Although there are a few moments where we are led off-piste, left stranded half-way up a mountain wondering whether we're meant to be in France, Newcastle, Switzerland or Germany, it is easy for us, the audience, to be forgiving of any bum notes when the Oxford Imps as a collective sing to a score that punches all Fifth Week Blues right in the face.
One thing is for certain – you can't get better value for your money than £3.50 tickets to see the Imps, who perform every Monday during term time at the Wheatsheaf pub at 8pm. Get tickets for their next show here.
A MOTORBIKE rider has been seriously injured in a high-speed crash after they tried to evade police on the Mornington Peninsula this afternoon.
Police tried to pull over the allegedly disqualified rider on Frankston-Flinders Rd in Bittern about 3.40pm.
The 33-year-old man accelerated and took off at a high speed before crashing into a 4WD just moments later.
MORE LAW AND ORDER:
TEEN THUG ESCAPES ADULT JAIL CELL
PELL COULD FACE FRESH CHARGES
CCTV RELEASED AFTER COURT BOMB SCARE
An Ambulance Victoria spokesperson said paramedics treated a man with serious injuries to their arm and minor injuries to their face.
They were flown to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a serious but non-life threatening condition.
The male driver of the 4WD was uninjured.
Professional Standards Command will oversee the investigation as per standard protocol.
chanel.kinniburgh@news.com.au
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Stratasys Ltd:
* POSTNORD ENTERS INTO 3D PRINTING COLLABORATION WITH STRATASYS
* STRATASYS LTD - COLLABORATION WITH POSTNORD STRÅLFORS, A SUBSIDIARY TO POSTNORD Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Embattled Missouri Governor Eric Greitens announced on Tuesday they will resign over the scandals that have dominated their tenure.
The Republican governor has been embroiled in controversy after facing accusations of sexual misconduct and misusing a charity donor list. In recent months, Greitens had been indicted on a felony computer-tampering charge related to the donor list and on a felony invasion of privacy charge, though that charge was dropped earlier this month.
In a statement released shortly after Greitens announced their resignation, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kimberly Gardner said, “a fair and just resolution” of pending charges against the governor has been reached and that additional information regarding the resolution would be released on Wednesday.
Greitens did not admit to legal wrongdoing during a press conference where they announced their resignation, saying that while they are “not perfect,” they have “not broken any laws, nor committed any offense worthy of this treatment.”
Greitens indicated, though, that the scrutiny they face had become too intense to continue on as governor.
“This ordeal has been designed to cause an incredible amount of strain on my family,” they said. “Millions of dollars of mounting legal bills, endless personal attacks designed to cause maximum damage to family and friends. Legal harassment of colleagues, friends and campaign workers and it's clear that for the forces that oppose us, there is no end in sight. I cannot allow those forces to continue to cause pain and difficulty to the people that I love.”
The resignation will take effect at 5 p.m. on Friday, Greitens said.
Mike Parson, the current lieutenant governor of the state, is expected to assume the office of governor.
Greitens had previously defied calls for their resignation, including from top Missouri Republicans. But in addition to their legal troubles, the possibility of impeachment loomed.
Earlier this month, Missouri state lawmakers announced plans to convene a special legislative session to weigh potential disciplinary actions against the governor.
In mid-April, a Missouri state House committee released a report alleging that Greitens subjected a woman to non-consensual sexual activity and violence. Greitens described the report as “tabloid trash gossip” rooted in “lies and falsehoods.”
“The time has come though to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most,” Greitens said in their speech on Tuesday. “So, for the moment, let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high. We have a good and proud story to tell our children. Let's love them, and each other every day.”
Greitens did not take questions from assembled reporters.
Reaction to the resignation
Prominent Missouri Republicans expressed support for Greitens' decision to resign on Tuesday.
Missouri Senator Roy Blunt, a Republican, said that Greitens had made the “best decision” possible.
“The governor made the best decision for their family and the state. I look forward to Gov. Parson's leadership and will do everything I can be to be helpful,” Blunt said in a statement.
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley, who is seeking election to the U.S. Senate, called the resignation “the right thing.”
“Governor Greitens has done the right thing today,” Hawley said in a statement. “I wish incoming Governor Mike Parson well, and stand ready to assist them in their transition.”
Missouri Democratic Party Chair Stephen Webber said in a statement that Democrats in the state will “work to undo the damage done” by Greitens
“While corruption ended Eric Greitens' career as a politician, their schemes to slash workers' pay and rip healthcare away from vulnerable seniors continue to hurt Missourians,” they said. “Missouri Democrats will continue to work to undo the damage done by Eric Greitens and their Republican cronies.”
UCLA researchers have discovered a new way to activate the stem cells in the hair follicle to make hair grow. The research, led by scientists Heather Christofk and William Lowry, may lead to new drugs that could promote hair growth for people with baldness or alopecia, which is hair loss associated with such factors as hormonal imbalance, stress, aging or chemotherapy treatment.
The research was published in the journal Nature Cell Biology.
Hair follicle stem cells are long-lived cells in the hair follicle; they are present in the skin and produce hair throughout a person's lifetime. They are "quiescent," meaning they are normally inactive, but they quickly activate during a new hair cycle, which is when new hair growth occurs. The quiescence of hair follicle stem cells is regulated by many factors. In certain cases they fail to activate, which is what causes hair loss.
In this study, Christofk and Lowry, of Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research at UCLA, found that hair follicle stem cell metabolism is different from other cells of the skin. Cellular metabolism involves the breakdown of the nutrients needed for cells to divide, make energy and respond to their environment. The process of metabolism uses enzymes that alter these nutrients to produce "metabolites." As hair follicle stem cells consume the nutrient glucose -- a form of sugar -- from the bloodstream, they process the glucose to eventually produce a metabolite called pyruvate. The cells then can either send pyruvate to their mitochondria -- the part of the cell that creates energy -- or can convert pyruvate into another metabolite called lactate.
"Our observations about hair follicle stem cell metabolism prompted us to examine whether genetically diminishing the entry of pyruvate into the mitochondria would force hair follicle stem cells to make more lactate, and if that would activate the cells and grow hair more quickly," said Christofk, an associate professor of biological chemistry and molecular and medical pharmacology.
The research team first blocked the production of lactate genetically in mice and showed that this prevented hair follicle stem cell activation. Conversely, in collaboration with the Rutter lab at University of Utah, they increased lactate production genetically in the mice and this accelerated hair follicle stem cell activation, increasing the hair cycle.
"Before this, no one knew that increasing or decreasing the lactate would have an effect on hair follicle stem cells," said Lowry, a professor of molecular, cell and developmental biology. "Once we saw how altering lactate production in the mice influenced hair growth, it led us to look for potential drugs that could be applied to the skin and have the same effect."
The team identified two drugs that, when applied to the skin of mice, influenced hair follicle stem cells in distinct ways to promote lactate production. The first drug, called RCGD423, activates a cellular signaling pathway called JAK-Stat, which transmits information from outside the cell to the nucleus of the cell. The research showed that JAK-Stat activation leads to the increased production of lactate and this in turn drives hair follicle stem cell activation and quicker hair growth. The other drug, called UK5099, blocks pyruvate from entering the mitochondria, which forces the production of lactate in the hair follicle stem cells and accelerates hair growth in mice.
"Through this study, we gained a lot of interesting insight into new ways to activate stem cells," said Aimee Flores, a predoctoral trainee in Lowry's lab and first author of the study. "The idea of using drugs to stimulate hair growth through hair follicle stem cells is very promising given how many millions of people, both men and women, deal with hair loss. I think we've only just begun to understand the critical role metabolism plays in hair growth and stem cells in general; I'm looking forward to the potential application of these new findings for hair loss and beyond."
The use of RCGD423 to promote hair growth is covered by a provisional patent application filed by the UCLA Technology Development Group on behalf of UC Regents. The use of UK5099 to promote hair growth is covered by a separate provisional patent filed by the UCLA Technology Development Group on behalf of UC Regents, with Lowry and Christofk as inventors.
The experimental drugs described above were used in preclinical tests only and have not been tested in humans or approved by the Food and Drug Administration as safe and effective for use in humans.
###
The research was supported by the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine training grant, a New Idea Award from the Leukemia Lymphoma Society, the National Cancer Institute (R25T CA098010), the National Institute of General Medical Sciences (R01-GM081686 and R01-GM0866465), the National Institutes of Health (RO1GM094232), an American Cancer Society Research Scholar Grant (RSG-16-111-01-MPC), the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (5R01AR57409), a Rose Hills Foundation Research Award and the Gaba Fund; the Rose Hills award and the Gaba Fund are administered through the UCLA Broad Stem Cell Research Center.
Further research on the use of UK5099 is being funded by the UCLA Technology Development Group through funds from California State Assembly Bill 2664.
NEW YORK, March 29 The benchmark S&P 500 eked out a gain on Wednesday in low trading volume as strength in the energy and consumer sectors offset declines in financial shares and investors began looking ahead to first-quarter earnings season.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 42.18 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,659.32, the S&P 500 gained 2.56 points, or 0.11 percent, to 2,361.13 and the Nasdaq Composite added 22.41 points, or 0.38 percent, to 5,897.55.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Sergio Garcia of Spain points to the sky as they hold the Masters trophy after winning the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Sergio Garcia's victory at the U.S. Masters on Sunday was received with delight throughout the golf world, but it seems unlikely to lead to a subsequent flood of major titles for the Spaniard.
That is not to say 37-year-old Garcia will fail to add to their first major win, but the best players are too evenly matched in the post-Tiger Woods era to realistically expect them to suddenly run up their major tally in their late 30s.
The top 20 or so players are all eminently capable of winning when in top form. Woods may have been capable of winning with their "B" game, but no-one else is, not even current number one Dustin Johnson.
Since Rory McIlroy and Jordan Spieth combined to win four consecutive majors at the end of 2014 and start of 2015, seven players have shared the spoils in the past seven majors, much as it used to be before Woods.
Garcia and Masters runner-up Justin Rose were ranked 11th and 14th respectively in the world last week, but it was hardly a surprise they ended up separating themselves from the field, especially in the absence of Johnson, who pulled out at the last minute with a back injury.
A little luck is often required to win, and if Rose's seven-foot birdie putt at the 72nd hole had toppled in instead of grazing the cup, the Englishman probably would be celebrating getting halfway to the career grand slam, after winning the 2013 U.S. Open.
Indeed, Garcia's victory hardly elevated them to the top echelon of favourites in betting for the next major, the U.S. Open at Erin Hills in Wisconsin in June.
Betting website Centrebet on Monday had Dustin Johnson a 7/1 favourite, followed at 8/1 by McIlroy and Jason Day, with Jordan Spieth at 9/1.
Garcia was 33/1, similar to their pre-Masters odds.
But they will not care as they celebrate an occasion that they thought might never come. They were not the only one.
Former European Ryder Cup captain Paul McGinley struggled to retain their composure during the live television commentary on Sky Sports.
“It was kind of difficult,” McGinley said on Golf Channel on Monday. “To be honest I had a big lump in my throat.
“I was so happy for them I can't tell you how happy. I've been through so much with him. I felt their pain (after previous near-misses). He's an emotional person. I know how much it hurts him.”
It seemed as though most of the gallery at Augusta felt the same way, as the Garcia who made a rude hand gesture to a spectator who heckled them at the 2002 U.S. Open was transformed into an almost beloved figure who seemed to feed off the crowd's affection.
"Sergio often feels like he's not supported the way they would like to be here in America," said the vanquished Rose.
"It was encouraging to see the crowd get behind him. I think they realised that they paid their dues, he's been close so many times and they probably were pulling for them to pull through on this occasion."
McGinley, meanwhile, admitted that they were starting to wonder whether Garcia would ever close the deal.
“I think their career deserved a major and we were all worried their career wasn't going to end with one,” the Irishman said.
“And to see it be done on such a grand stage, in such an impressive way, anyone who knows Sergio would have felt the same.”
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Larry Fine)
May made the announcement during their speech outside their Downing Street office on Tuesday, saying that though they had "reluctantly come to the decision on early election," Bin their opinion, the only way to guarantee stability "for years ahead" is to have early election.
"[We] need unity in Westminster, but instead there is division," May said.
© AP Photo/ Alastair Grant UK Labour Party Enjoys The Lowest Support Level Since June 2009 - Poll
May stressed that the current government has the right plan for negotiating with the EU.
The Prime Minister pointed out that the UK has "a one-off chance" to get the election done while the EU agrees on negotiating the position.
May then announced that they are set to move for legislation to hold the election in the House of Commons on April 19.
Current polls indicate that Theresa May would be the leading candidate in the upcoming snap election.
With the PM calling for a general election on 8 June, 50% say they would be make the best PM, 14% for Jeremy Corbyn, 36% don't know pic.twitter.com/qhhdCe5nFe — YouGov (@YouGov) April 18, 2017
On June 23, 2016, Britain voted to leave the EU in a referendum, with 52 percent voting to leave the EU. Theresa May, who was appointed prime minister right after the country voted in favour of Brexit, triggered Article 50 on March 29, 2017, formally beginning the process of the UK leaving the European Union.
Oklahoma has received a $21 million federal grant aimed at improving literacy in children from birth through high school.
The grant, announced Friday, is one of the largest in Oklahoma State Department of Education history. Officials say the Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy program will serve about 42,000 children across the state over three years.
The state says that school districts will be able to apply for grants as a result of the program, beginning later this fall. School districts must partner with early childhood providers to participate in the literacy program.
Officials say Oklahoma is one of 11 states to receive the grant from the program.
Recent news:
Quantemplate gains $3.3mn of backing from Columbia Lake
Bernard Goyder 12 December 2017
InsurTech Quantemplate has received £2.5mn ($3.3mn) of capital from new investor Columbia Lake Partners and named a CEO.
The five-year-old company said the Columbia Lake funding is in addition to unspecified new financial commitments from original investors, which include Route 66 Ventures, Anthemis, TransAmerica Ventures and Allianz.
Quantemplate has received £10 million of financing in total since its founding five years ago.
The technology company provides machine learning tools to (re)insurers.
It said revenues have risen fivefold in the last...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Major upgrade ongoing at Guyana /Suriname Ferry Service
DPI/GINA, GUYANA, Wednesday, June 14, 2017
Passengers using Guyana/Suriname Canawaima Ferry Service at Moleson Creek, Corentyne, Berbice can expect better services soon. Rehabilitation works are ongoing on the MV Canawaima to enhance the terminal's aesthetics and upgrade the passenger services.
Speaking with the Department of Public Information, (DPI)/ Government Information Agency (DPI/GINA) Minster within the Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Annette Ferguson said no major works were undertaken at the terminal since its formal launch in November, 06 1998 hence, the works are necessary.
Outlining the scope of works, Minister Ferguson pointed out that these include repairs to the manager's office and VIP lounge, removal of vents and installation of doors, removal of windows, repairs to the washroom and waiting area and some other works in the canteen and waiting area.
According to the Minister, these works are catered for in the 2017 National
budget. “However, these semi-autonomous agencies would normally prepare their budget and present it to the Ministry of Finance. So the management had decided on some of the works to be done at the terminal, made their submissions following the procurement guidelines and the monies were subsequently approved and available for the works to be undertaken.”
The project which commenced on May 30 is being executed to the tune of $9.2M by Kascon Engineering Services from Region Six. It is expected to be completed by August 08, 2017.
Minister Ferguson stressed that it is the government's the aimto create employment for Guyanese in all regions. Hence, efforts are in place to ensure that all works undertaken in specific regions will be carried out by contractors from the within the respective regions.
Additionally, Works Supervisor, David Small pointed out to the DPI/GINA that there may be some challenges in achieving the scheduled
deadline because the stelling/wharve is still in operation while the work is ongoing. They added that “you don't get most time to work because of the dust and noise, but we're working to this month end or we might go over little more.”
During2016, the M.V Canawaima which plies the Guyana/Suriname route experienced numerous mechanical challenges which contributed to loss of income to T&HD and the poor performance of the Guyana /Suriname Ferry Service. Statistics from the Transport and Harbours Department (TH&D) reveals that the Canawaima Guyana/Suriname Ferry Service facilitates a significant influx of visitors from Suriname to Guyana.
Other measures are now in place to improve the services of the Guyana/Suriname Ferry Service including the installation of body and baggage scanners, perimeter lights, construction of reservoir, a walkway and construction of replacement floating ramp.
By: Ranetta La Fleur
While many competitors were busy packing up the stables, there were still a few events to complete at the 20th annual Gulf Coast Winter Classics.
A new study shows that the San Andreas Fault continued to slip gradually for six to twelve years after the 2004 magnitude 6.0 Parkfield, California earthquake, raising the issue of continued damage to structures built across fault zones after damaging earthquakes. This long period of "afterslip" compares to just a year of afterslip for a similar magnitude quake in Napa, California in 2014, demonstrating large variation in fault behavior after earthquakes.
The findings, reported April 18 in the Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America (BSSA), suggest that there can be a range of afterslip durations along faults, making it more challenging to predict how post-earthquake movements might damage nearby infrastructure for years after a major earthquake.
Afterslip refers to the aseismic movement or "creeping" that takes place along a fault, including the trace of its surface rupture, after an earthquake. Some faults have long been known to creep aseismically between earthquakes, such as the part of the San Andreas Fault involved in the Parkfield quake, and these faults are thought to be more prone to afterslip. The fault involved in the Napa earthquake, although not known to be creeping between quakes, exhibited less afterslip.
James Lienkaemper, an emeritus research geophysicist with the U.S. Geological Survey, said the urban Hayward Fault near San Francisco also experiences interseismic creep, and is located in a similar geological setting to the Parkfield fault. They and their colleague Forrest McFarland of San Francisco State University suggest in the BSSA paper that there could be significant afterslip for possibly up to a decade along the Hayward Fault after an expected magnitude 6.8 earthquake there.
Prolonged afterslip could delay post-earthquake recovery by continuing to cause damage to critical infrastructure built across the fault such as rapid transit and utilities, said Lienkaemper, who noted that better forecasts of afterslip "can be used to plan temporary and final repairs to rapid transit tracks, water, gas and data lines."
"Other major faults of the San Francisco Bay Areas, including Rodgers Creek, Northern Calaveras and Concord-Green Valley, also expect large earthquakes, and should expect significant afterslip, especially in locations where interseismic creep rates are high, and where faults cross deep sedimentary basins," Lienkaemper added.
Lienkaemper and McFarland found that only about 74 percent of the predicted amount of afterslip for the Parkfield earthquake--a maximum expected value of about 35 centimeters--was complete a year after the earthquake. Their analysis of slip at the six-year mark indicated that afterslip would be completed everywhere on the ruptured fault between six and twelve years after the 2004 earthquake.
The ends of the Parkfield fault were the most likely areas to experience prolonged slipping after the earthquake, Lienkaemper noted, suggesting that slip in these parts of the fault gradually increased as stress transferred from movement of the central section of the rupture.
By contrast, nearly all of the predicted afterslip for the Napa quake was completed a year after the mainshock. After comparing the Parkfield and Napa afterslip with historical afterslip data from around the world, the researchers suggest that there may be a considerable range in the duration of afterslip events. Understanding the susceptibility of a fault to creep, however, could refine estimates of the amount and duration of fault movement during recovery after large earthquakes.
###
A MOVING merging of an Aboriginal corroboree and the haka had a crowd of thousands mesmerised at Kings Park after this morning's Anzac dawn service.
The performance, involving about dozens of performers on the grass near Fraser Avenue, was a poignant symbol of the bond between Australia and New Zealand.
The combination of the two traditional ceremonies for the first time came after footage of the original inaugural Anzac Day Haka for Life last year went viral, racking up millions of views and making headlines across the globe.
While also honouring our fallen Anzacs, Haka for Life founder Leon Ruri said the ceremony also aimed to help raise awareness of suicide prevention.
England and Germany qualified for next year's World Cup in Russia by virtue of wins on Thursday night, October 5. But two-time winners Argentina drew in Peru and are now in great danger of missing out on the tournament altogether.
England and Germany secured their place in next year's World Cup in Russia with victories over Slovenia and Northern Ireland respectively.
But Argentina, who won the World Cup in 1978 and 1986, were held to a goalless draw at home by Peru and are now seriously struggling to make it to Russia.
If they do not win their final game against Ecuador the Argentinians will fail to qualify for the first time since 1970.
Even if they do win that match the best they can hope for is a play-off with New Zealand, which they should win despite an off-color qualifying campaign.
Peruvians danced in the streets of Lima as they watched the national team on giant TV screens.
The scene in Lima last night pic.twitter.com/rDohmGwMt6 — Total Crime (@totalcrime) October 6, 2017​
Peru will qualify for the World Cup for the first time since 1982 if they can defeat Colombia at home on Tuesday, October 10.
Excitement is building in South America ahead of tonight's crunch #WCQs
Just look at the passion of these 🇵🇪Peru fans in Buenos Aires 🙌🏆🌎 pic.twitter.com/0V2jkeqI6D — #WCQ ⚽️🏆 (@FIFAWorldCup) October 5, 2017​
Striker Harry Kane scored the only goal for England, in injury time, to finally overcome Slovenia, who are ranked only 55th in the world.
"This team has potential but we have a hell of a lot of work to do. It's blindingly obvious we could have played better — but we are there," England manager Gareth Southgate said after the match.
Germany, who are the holders having won the trophy in Brazil in 2014, strolled to a 3-1 victory in Belfast and will be the favorites to retain the World Cup in Moscow in July.
Scotland's slim chances of making it to Russia improved with a very late winning goal against Slovakia, who had a man sent off.
And Syria still stands a chance of making it to the World Cup.
Striker Omar Al Somah scored a late penalty as the Syrians drew 1-1 with Australia in the first leg of their play-off against Australia.
The second leg is in Sydney on Tuesday, October 10.
© REUTERS/ Gleb Garanich Awkward Guests? Ukraine Improve Chances of Making It to the World Cup in Russia
Tickets have gone on sale for the first sales phase of the World Cup and Fifa's website is expected to be busy this weekend as England and Germany fans buy tickets.
A draw will take place next week to decide who has been successful with their application for tickets.
By then it will be clear who has won the European and African groups and who will have to go into play-offs.
On Friday night, October 6, Ukraine play Croatia in the final match of their group. Both teams can still qualify from that group, as can Turkey and Iceland who are playing each other.
More tickets will go on sale on November 16 on a first come first served basis.
The play-off matches take place in November and all the 32 teams who have made it by the time of the World Cup draw in Moscow on December 1.
Four days after that another set of tickets will go on sale and a final batch will go on sale in March.
The Russian government is determined the World Cup will pass off smoothly and peacefully and will be putting in high security for the duration of the tournament.
